__label__situationalsurveillance surveillance  is  the  monitoring  of  behavior,  activities,  or  information  for  the  purpose  of  influencing,  managing  or  directing.  this  can  include  observation  from  a  distance  by  means  of  electronic  equipment,  such  as  closedcircuit  television  cctv,  or  interception  of  electronically  transmitted  information,  such  as  internet  traffic.  it  can  also  include  simple  technical  methods,  such  as  human  intelligence  gathering  and  postal  interception.surveillance  is  used  by  governments  for  intelligence  gathering,  prevention  of  crime,  the  protection  of  a  process,  person,  group  or  object,  or  the  investigation  of  crime.  it  is  also  used  by  criminal  organizations  to  plan  and  commit  crimes,  and  by  businesses  to  gather
__label__situationalsurveillance intelligence  on  their  competitors,  suppliers  or  customers.surveillance  can  be  viewed  as  a  violation  of  privacy,  and  as  such  is  often  opposed  by  civil  liberties  activists.  a  liberal  democracy  may  have  laws  which  restrict  domestic  government  and  private  use  of  surveillance.  authoritarian  governments  seldom  have  any  domestic  restrictions,  and  international  espionage  is  common  among  all  types  of  countries.concerns  have  been  raised  about  surveillance  with  regards  to  the  internet  of  things.  where  surveillance  technology  is  used  for  identification,  monitoring,  location  tracking  or  to  gain  access  to  buildings  and  networks.  methods  computer  the  vast  majority  of  computer  surveillance  involves  the  monitoring  of  data
__label__situationalsurveillance and  traffic  on  the  internet.  in  the  united  states  for  example,  under  the  communications  assistance  for  law  enforcement  act,  all  phone  calls  and  broadband  internet  traffic  emails,  web  traffic,  instant  messaging,  etc.  are  required  to  be  available  for  unimpeded  realtime  monitoring  by  federal  law  enforcement  agencies.there  is  far  too  much  data  on  the  internet  for  human  investigators  to  manually  search  through  all  of  it.  therefore,  automated  internet  surveillance  computers  sift  through  the  vast  amount  of  intercepted  internet  traffic  to  identify  and  report  to  human  investigators  the  traffic  that  is  considered  interesting  or  suspicious.  this  process  is  regulated  by  targeting  certain
__label__situationalsurveillance trigger  words  or  phrases,  visiting  certain  types  of  web  sites,  or  communicating  via  email  or  online  chat  with  suspicious  individuals  or  groups.  billions  of  dollars  per  year  are  spent  by  agencies,  such  as  the  nsa,  the  fbi  and  the  nowdefunct  information  awareness  office,  to  develop,  purchase,  implement,  and  operate  systems  such  as  carnivore,  narusinsight,  and  echelon  to  intercept  and  analyze  all  of  this  data  to  only  extract  the  information  which  is  useful  to  law  enforcement  and  intelligence  agencies.computers  can  be  a  surveillance  target  because  of  the  personal  data  stored  on  them.  if  someone  is  able  to  install  software,  such  as
__label__situationalsurveillance the  fbis  magic  lantern  and  cipav,  on  a  computer  system,  they  can  easily  gain  unauthorized  access  to  this  data.  such  software  could  be  installed  physically  or  remotely.  another  form  of  computer  surveillance,  known  as  van  eck  phreaking,  involves  reading  electromagnetic  emanations  from  computing  devices  in  order  to  extract  data  from  them  at  distances  of  hundreds  of  meters.  the  nsa  runs  a  database  known  as  pinwale,  which  stores  and  indexes  large  numbers  of  emails  of  both  american  citizens  and  foreigners.  additionally,  the  nsa  runs  a  program  known  as  prism,  which  is  a  data  mining  system  that  gives  the  united  states  government
__label__situationalsurveillance direct  access  to  information  from  technology  companies.  through  accessing  this  information,  the  government  is  able  to  obtain  search  history,  emails,  stored  information,  live  chats,  file  transfers,  and  more.  this  program  generated  huge  controversies  in  regards  to  surveillance  and  privacy,  especially  from  u.s.  citizens.  telephones  the  official  and  unofficial  tapping  of  telephone  lines  is  widespread.  in  the  united  states  for  instance,  the  communications  assistance  for  law  enforcement  act  calea  requires  that  all  telephone  and  voip  communications  be  available  for  realtime  wiretapping  by  federal  law  enforcement  and  intelligence  agencies.  two  major  telecommunications  companies  in  the  u.s.att  inc.  and  verizonhave  contracts  with  the
__label__situationalsurveillance fbi,  requiring  them  to  keep  their  phone  call  records  easily  searchable  and  accessible  for  federal  agencies,  in  return  for  1.8  million  per  year.  between  2003  and  2005,  the  fbi  sent  out  more  than  140,000  national  security  letters  ordering  phone  companies  to  hand  over  information  about  their  customers  calling  and  internet  histories.  about  half  of  these  letters  requested  information  on  u.s.  citizens.human  agents  are  not  required  to  monitor  most  calls.  speechtotext  software  creates  machinereadable  text  from  intercepted  audio,  which  is  then  processed  by  automated  callanalysis  programs,  such  as  those  developed  by  agencies  such  as  the  information  awareness  office,  or  companies  such
__label__situationalsurveillance as  verint,  and  narus,  which  search  for  certain  words  or  phrases,  to  decide  whether  to  dedicate  a  human  agent  to  the  call.law  enforcement  and  intelligence  services  in  the  united  kingdom  and  the  united  states  possess  technology  to  activate  the  microphones  in  cell  phones  remotely,  by  accessing  phones  diagnostic  or  maintenance  features  in  order  to  listen  to  conversations  that  take  place  near  the  person  who  holds  the  phone.the  stingray  tracker  is  an  example  of  one  of  these  tools  used  to  monitor  cell  phone  usage  in  the  united  states  and  the  united  kingdom.  originally  developed  for  counterterrorism  purposes  by  the  military,  they
__label__situationalsurveillance work  by  broadcasting  powerful  signals  that  cause  nearby  cell  phones  to  transmit  their  imsi  number,  just  as  they  would  to  normal  cell  phone  towers.  once  the  phone  is  connected  to  the  device,  there  is  no  way  for  the  user  to  know  that  they  are  being  tracked.  the  operator  of  the  stingray  is  able  to  extract  information  such  as  location,  phone  calls,  and  text  messages,  but  it  is  widely  believed  that  the  capabilities  of  the  stingray  extend  much  further.  a  lot  of  controversy  surrounds  the  stingray  because  of  its  powerful  capabilities  and  the  secrecy  that  surrounds  it.mobile  phones  are  also  commonly
__label__situationalsurveillance used  to  collect  location  data.  the  geographical  location  of  a  mobile  phone  and  thus  the  person  carrying  it  can  be  determined  easily  even  when  the  phone  is  not  being  used,  using  a  technique  known  as  multilateration  to  calculate  the  differences  in  time  for  a  signal  to  travel  from  the  cell  phone  to  each  of  several  cell  towers  near  the  owner  of  the  phone.  the  legality  of  such  techniques  has  been  questioned  in  the  united  states,  in  particular  whether  a  court  warrant  is  required.  records  for  one  carrier  alone  sprint,  showed  that  in  a  given  year  federal  law  enforcement  agencies  requested
__label__situationalsurveillance customer  location  data  8  million  times.in  response  to  customers  privacy  concerns  in  the  post  edward  snowden  era,  apples  iphone  6  has  been  designed  to  disrupt  investigative  wiretapping  efforts.  the  phone  encrypts  emails,  contacts,  and  photos  with  a  code  generated  by  a  complex  mathematical  algorithm  that  is  unique  to  an  individual  phone,  and  is  inaccessible  to  apple.  the  encryption  feature  on  the  iphone  6  has  drawn  criticism  from  fbi  director  james  b.  comey  and  other  law  enforcement  officials  since  even  lawful  requests  to  access  user  content  on  the  iphone  6  will  result  in  apple  supplying  gibberish  data  that  requires  law  enforcement
__label__situationalsurveillance personnel  to  either  break  the  code  themselves  or  to  get  the  code  from  the  phones  owner.  because  the  snowden  leaks  demonstrated  that  american  agencies  can  access  phones  anywhere  in  the  world,  privacy  concerns  in  countries  with  growing  markets  for  smart  phones  have  intensified,  providing  a  strong  incentive  for  companies  like  apple  to  address  those  concerns  in  order  to  secure  their  position  in  the  global  market.although  the  calea  requires  telecommunication  companies  to  build  into  their  systems  the  ability  to  carry  out  a  lawful  wiretap,  the  law  has  not  been  updated  to  address  the  issue  of  smart  phones  and  requests  for  access
__label__situationalsurveillance to  emails  and  metadata.  the  snowden  leaks  show  that  the  nsa  has  been  taking  advantage  of  this  ambiguity  in  the  law  by  collecting  metadata  on  at  least  hundreds  of  millions  of  incidental  targets  from  around  the  world.  the  nsa  uses  an  analytic  tool  known  as  cotraveler  in  order  to  track  people  whose  movements  intersect  and  to  find  any  hidden  connections  with  persons  of  interest.the  snowden  leaks  have  also  revealed  that  the  british  government  communications  headquarters  gchq  can  access  information  collected  by  the  nsa  on  american  citizens.  once  the  data  has  been  collected,  the  gchq  can  hold  on  to  it  for
__label__situationalsurveillance up  to  two  years.  the  deadline  can  be  extended  with  the  permission  of  a  senior  uk  official.  cameras  surveillance  cameras  are  video  cameras  used  for  the  purpose  of  observing  an  area.  they  are  often  connected  to  a  recording  device  or  ip  network,  and  may  be  watched  by  a  security  guard  or  law  enforcement  officer.  cameras  and  recording  equipment  used  to  be  relatively  expensive  and  required  human  personnel  to  monitor  camera  footage,  but  analysis  of  footage  has  been  made  easier  by  automated  software  that  organizes  digital  video  footage  into  a  searchable  database,  and  by  video  analysis  software  such  as  virat  and
__label__situationalsurveillance humanid.  the  amount  of  footage  is  also  drastically  reduced  by  motion  sensors  which  only  record  when  motion  is  detected.  with  cheaper  production  techniques,  surveillance  cameras  are  simple  and  inexpensive  enough  to  be  used  in  home  security  systems,  and  for  everyday  surveillance.as  of  2016,  there  are  about  350  million  surveillance  cameras  worldwide.  about  65  of  these  cameras  are  installed  in  asia.  the  growth  of  cctv  has  been  slowing  in  recent  years.  in  2018,  china  was  reported  to  have  a  huge  surveillance  network  of  over  170  million  cctv  cameras  with  400  million  new  cameras  expected  to  be  installed  in  the  next  three
__label__situationalsurveillance years,  many  of  which  use  facial  recognition  technology.in  the  united  states,  the  department  of  homeland  security  awards  billions  of  dollars  per  year  in  homeland  security  grants  for  local,  state,  and  federal  agencies  to  install  modern  video  surveillance  equipment.  for  example,  the  city  of  chicago,  illinois,  recently  used  a  5.1  million  homeland  security  grant  to  install  an  additional  250  surveillance  cameras,  and  connect  them  to  a  centralized  monitoring  center,  along  with  its  preexisting  network  of  over  2000  cameras,  in  a  program  known  as  operation  virtual  shield.  speaking  in  2009,  chicago  mayor  richard  daley  announced  that  chicago  would  have  a  surveillance  camera
__label__situationalsurveillance on  every  street  corner  by  the  year  2016.  new  york  city  received  a  350  million  dollar  grant  towards  the  development  of  the  domain  awareness  system,  which  is  an  interconnected  system  of  sensors  including  18,000  cctv  cameras  used  for  continual  surveillance  of  the  city  by  both  police  officers  and  artificial  intelligence  systems.in  the  united  kingdom,  the  vast  majority  of  video  surveillance  cameras  are  not  operated  by  government  bodies,  but  by  private  individuals  or  companies,  especially  to  monitor  the  interiors  of  shops  and  businesses.  according  to  2011  freedom  of  information  act  requests,  the  total  number  of  local  government  operated  cctv  cameras  was
__label__situationalsurveillance around  52,000  over  the  entirety  of  the  uk.  the  prevalence  of  video  surveillance  in  the  uk  is  often  overstated  due  to  unreliable  estimates  being  requoted;  for  example  one  report  in  2002  extrapolated  from  a  very  small  sample  to  estimate  the  number  of  cameras  in  the  uk  at  4.2  million  of  which  500,000  in  greater  london.  more  reliable  estimates  put  the  number  of  private  and  local  government  operated  cameras  in  the  united  kingdom  at  around  1.85  million  in  2011.in  the  netherlands,  one  example  city  where  there  are  cameras  is  the  hague.  there,  cameras  are  placed  in  city  districts  in  which  the
__label__situationalsurveillance most  illegal  activity  is  concentrated.  examples  are  the  redlight  districts  and  the  train  stations.as  part  of  chinas  golden  shield  project,  several  u.s.  corporations,  including  ibm,  general  electric,  and  honeywell,  have  been  working  closely  with  the  chinese  government  to  install  millions  of  surveillance  cameras  throughout  china,  along  with  advanced  video  analytics  and  facial  recognition  software,  which  will  identify  and  track  individuals  everywhere  they  go.  they  will  be  connected  to  a  centralized  database  and  monitoring  station,  which  will,  upon  completion  of  the  project,  contain  a  picture  of  the  face  of  every  person  in  china:  over  1.3  billion  people.  lin  jiang  huai,  the
__label__situationalsurveillance head  of  chinas  information  security  technology  office  which  is  in  charge  of  the  project,  credits  the  surveillance  systems  in  the  united  states  and  the  u.k.  as  the  inspiration  for  what  he  is  doing  with  the  golden  shield  project.the  defense  advanced  research  projects  agency  darpa  is  funding  a  research  project  called  combat  zones  that  see  that  will  link  up  cameras  across  a  city  to  a  centralized  monitoring  station,  identify  and  track  individuals  and  vehicles  as  they  move  through  the  city,  and  report  suspicious  activity  such  as  waving  arms,  looking  sidetoside,  standing  in  a  group,  etc..at  super  bowl  xxxv  in  january  2001,
__label__situationalsurveillance police  in  tampa,  florida,  used  identixs  facial  recognition  software,  faceit,  to  scan  the  crowd  for  potential  criminals  and  terrorists  in  attendance  at  the  event  it  found  19  people  with  pending  arrest  warrants.governments  often  initially  claim  that  cameras  are  meant  to  be  used  for  traffic  control,  but  many  of  them  end  up  using  them  for  general  surveillance.  for  example,  washington,  d.c.  had  5,000  traffic  cameras  installed  under  this  premise,  and  then  after  they  were  all  in  place,  networked  them  all  together  and  then  granted  access  to  the  metropolitan  police  department,  so  they  could  perform  daytoday  monitoring.the  development  of  centralized  networks  of
__label__situationalsurveillance cctv  cameras  watching  public  areas  linked  to  computer  databases  of  peoples  pictures  and  identity  biometric  data,  able  to  track  peoples  movements  throughout  the  city,  and  identify  whom  they  have  been  with  has  been  argued  by  some  to  present  a  risk  to  civil  liberties.  trapwire  is  an  example  of  such  a  network.  social  network  analysis  one  common  form  of  surveillance  is  to  create  maps  of  social  networks  based  on  data  from  social  networking  sites  such  as  facebook,  myspace,  twitter  as  well  as  from  traffic  analysis  information  from  phone  call  records  such  as  those  in  the  nsa  call  database,  and  others.  these
__label__situationalsurveillance social  network  maps  are  then  data  mined  to  extract  useful  information  such  as  personal  interests,  friendships  affiliations,  wants,  beliefs,  thoughts,  and  activities.many  u.s.  government  agencies  such  as  the  defense  advanced  research  projects  agency  darpa,  the  national  security  agency  nsa,  and  the  department  of  homeland  security  dhs  are  investing  heavily  in  research  involving  social  network  analysis.  the  intelligence  community  believes  that  the  biggest  threat  to  u.s.  power  comes  from  decentralized,  leaderless,  geographically  dispersed  groups  of  terrorists,  subversives,  extremists,  and  dissidents.  these  types  of  threats  are  most  easily  countered  by  finding  important  nodes  in  the  network,  and  removing  them.  to  do  this
__label__situationalsurveillance requires  a  detailed  map  of  the  network.jason  ethier  of  northeastern  university,  in  his  study  of  modern  social  network  analysis,  said  the  following  of  the  scalable  social  network  analysis  program  developed  by  the  information  awareness  office:the  purpose  of  the  ssna  algorithms  program  is  to  extend  techniques  of  social  network  analysis  to  assist  with  distinguishing  potential  terrorist  cells  from  legitimate  groups  of  people....  in  order  to  be  successful  ssna  will  require  information  on  the  social  interactions  of  the  majority  of  people  around  the  globe.  since  the  defense  department  cannot  easily  distinguish  between  peaceful  citizens  and  terrorists,  it  will  be  necessary  for  them
__label__situationalsurveillance to  gather  data  on  innocent  civilians  as  well  as  on  potential  terrorists.att  developed  a  programming  language  called  hancock,  which  is  able  to  sift  through  enormous  databases  of  phone  call  and  internet  traffic  records,  such  as  the  nsa  call  database,  and  extract  communities  of  interestgroups  of  people  who  call  each  other  regularly,  or  groups  that  regularly  visit  certain  sites  on  the  internet.  att  originally  built  the  system  to  develop  marketing  leads,  but  the  fbi  has  regularly  requested  such  information  from  phone  companies  such  as  att  without  a  warrant,  and,  after  using  the  data,  stores  all  information  received  in  its  own  databases,
__label__situationalsurveillance regardless  of  whether  or  not  the  information  was  ever  useful  in  an  investigation.some  people  believe  that  the  use  of  social  networking  sites  is  a  form  of  participatory  surveillance,  where  users  of  these  sites  are  essentially  performing  surveillance  on  themselves,  putting  detailed  personal  information  on  public  websites  where  it  can  be  viewed  by  corporations  and  governments.  in  2008,  about  20  of  employers  reported  using  social  networking  sites  to  collect  personal  data  on  prospective  or  current  employees.  biometric  biometric  surveillance  is  a  technology  that  measures  and  analyzes  human  physical  and/or  behavioral  characteristics  for  authentication,  identification,  or  screening  purposes.  examples  of  physical  characteristics
__label__situationalsurveillance include  fingerprints,  dna,  and  facial  patterns.  examples  of  mostly  behavioral  characteristics  include  gait  a  persons  manner  of  walking  or  voice.facial  recognition  is  the  use  of  the  unique  configuration  of  a  persons  facial  features  to  accurately  identify  them,  usually  from  surveillance  video.  both  the  department  of  homeland  security  and  darpa  are  heavily  funding  research  into  facial  recognition  systems.  the  information  processing  technology  office  ran  a  program  known  as  human  identification  at  a  distance  which  developed  technologies  that  are  capable  of  identifying  a  person  at  up  to  500  ft  150  m  by  their  facial  features.another  form  of  behavioral  biometrics,  based  on  affective
__label__situationalsurveillance computing,  involves  computers  recognizing  a  persons  emotional  state  based  on  an  analysis  of  their  facial  expressions,  how  fast  they  are  talking,  the  tone  and  pitch  of  their  voice,  their  posture,  and  other  behavioral  traits.  this  might  be  used  for  instance  to  see  if  a  persons  behavior  is  suspect  looking  around  furtively,  tense  or  angry  facial  expressions,  waving  arms,  etc..a  more  recent  development  is  dna  profiling,  which  looks  at  some  of  the  major  markers  in  the  bodys  dna  to  produce  a  match.  the  fbi  is  spending  1  billion  to  build  a  new  biometric  database,  which  will  store  dna,  facial  recognition  data,
__label__situationalsurveillance iris/retina  eye  data,  fingerprints,  palm  prints,  and  other  biometric  data  of  people  living  in  the  united  states.  the  computers  running  the  database  are  contained  in  an  underground  facility  about  the  size  of  two  american  football  fields.the  los  angeles  police  department  is  installing  automated  facial  recognition  and  license  plate  recognition  devices  in  its  squad  cars,  and  providing  handheld  face  scanners,  which  officers  will  use  to  identify  people  while  on  patrol.facial  thermographs  are  in  development,  which  allow  machines  to  identify  certain  emotions  in  people  such  as  fear  or  stress,  by  measuring  the  temperature  generated  by  blood  flow  to  different  parts  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance face.  law  enforcement  officers  believe  that  this  has  potential  for  them  to  identify  when  a  suspect  is  nervous,  which  might  indicate  that  they  are  hiding  something,  lying,  or  worried  about  something.in  his  paper  in  ethics  and  information  technology,  avi  marciano  maps  the  harms  caused  by  biometric  surveillance,  traces  their  theoretical  origins,  and  brings  these  harms  together  in  one  integrative  framework  to  elucidate  their  cumulative  power.  marciano  proposes  four  types  of  harms:  unauthorized  use  of  bodily  information,  denial  or  limitation  of  access  to  physical  spaces,  bodily  social  sorting,  and  symbolic  ineligibility  through  construction  of  marginality  and  otherness.  biometrics  social  power,  according
__label__situationalsurveillance to  marciano,  derives  from  three  main  features:  their  complexity  as  enigmatic  technologies,  their  objectivescientific  image,  and  their  increasing  agency,  particularly  in  the  context  of  automatic  decisionmaking.  aerial  aerial  surveillance  is  the  gathering  of  surveillance,  usually  visual  imagery  or  video,  from  an  airborne  vehiclesuch  as  an  unmanned  aerial  vehicle,  helicopter,  or  spy  plane.  military  surveillance  aircraft  use  a  range  of  sensors  e.g.  radar  to  monitor  the  battlefield.digital  imaging  technology,  miniaturized  computers,  and  numerous  other  technological  advances  over  the  past  decade  have  contributed  to  rapid  advances  in  aerial  surveillance  hardware  such  as  microaerial  vehicles,  forwardlooking  infrared,  and  highresolution  imagery  capable  of  identifying
__label__situationalsurveillance objects  at  extremely  long  distances.  for  instance,  the  mq9  reaper,  a  u.s.  drone  plane  used  for  domestic  operations  by  the  department  of  homeland  security,  carries  cameras  that  are  capable  of  identifying  an  object  the  size  of  a  milk  carton  from  altitudes  of  30,000  feet,  and  has  forwardlooking  infrared  devices  that  can  detect  the  heat  from  a  human  body  at  distances  of  up  to  60  kilometers.  in  an  earlier  instance  of  commercial  aerial  surveillance,  the  killington  mountain  ski  resort  hired  eye  in  the  sky  aerial  photography  of  its  competitors  parking  lots  to  judge  the  success  of  its  marketing  initiatives  as  it
__label__situationalsurveillance developed  starting  in  the  1950s.the  united  states  department  of  homeland  security  is  in  the  process  of  testing  uavs  to  patrol  the  skies  over  the  united  states  for  the  purposes  of  critical  infrastructure  protection,  border  patrol,  transit  monitoring,  and  general  surveillance  of  the  u.s.  population.  miamidade  police  department  ran  tests  with  a  vertical  takeoff  and  landing  uav  from  honeywell,  which  is  planned  to  be  used  in  swat  operations.  houstons  police  department  has  been  testing  fixedwing  uavs  for  use  in  traffic  control.the  united  kingdom,  as  well,  is  working  on  plans  to  build  up  a  fleet  of  surveillance  uavs  ranging  from  microaerial  vehicles
__label__situationalsurveillance to  fullsize  drones,  to  be  used  by  police  forces  throughout  the  u.k.in  addition  to  their  surveillance  capabilities,  mavs  are  capable  of  carrying  tasers  for  crowd  control,  or  weapons  for  killing  enemy  combatants.programs  such  as  the  heterogeneous  aerial  reconnaissance  team  program  developed  by  darpa  have  automated  much  of  the  aerial  surveillance  process.  they  have  developed  systems  consisting  of  large  teams  drone  planes  that  pilot  themselves,  automatically  decide  who  is  suspicious  and  how  to  go  about  monitoring  them,  coordinate  their  activities  with  other  drones  nearby,  and  notify  human  operators  if  something  suspicious  is  occurring.  this  greatly  increases  the  amount  of  area  that
__label__situationalsurveillance can  be  continuously  monitored,  while  reducing  the  number  of  human  operators  required.  thus  a  swarm  of  automated,  selfdirecting  drones  can  automatically  patrol  a  city  and  track  suspicious  individuals,  reporting  their  activities  back  to  a  centralized  monitoring  station.in  addition,  researchers  also  investigate  possibilities  of  autonomous  surveillance  by  large  groups  of  micro  aerial  vehicles  stabilized  by  decentralized  bioinspired  swarming  rules.  corporate  corporate  surveillance  is  the  monitoring  of  a  person  or  groups  behavior  by  a  corporation.  the  data  collected  is  most  often  used  for  marketing  purposes  or  sold  to  other  corporations,  but  is  also  regularly  shared  with  government  agencies.  it  can  be  used
__label__situationalsurveillance as  a  form  of  business  intelligence,  which  enables  the  corporation  to  better  tailor  their  products  and/or  services  to  be  desirable  by  their  customers.  although  there  is  a  common  belief  that  monitoring  can  increase  productivity,  it  can  also  create  consequences  such  as  increasing  chances  of  deviant  behavior  and  creating  punishments  that  are  not  equitable  to  their  actions.  additionally,  monitoring  can  cause  resistance  and  backlash  because  it  insinuates  an  employers  suspicion  and  lack  of  trust.  data  mining  and  profiling  data  mining  is  the  application  of  statistical  techniques  and  programmatic  algorithms  to  discover  previously  unnoticed  relationships  within  the  data.  data  profiling  in  this
__label__situationalsurveillance context  is  the  process  of  assembling  information  about  a  particular  individual  or  group  in  order  to  generate  a  profile  that  is,  a  picture  of  their  patterns  and  behavior.  data  profiling  can  be  an  extremely  powerful  tool  for  psychological  and  social  network  analysis.  a  skilled  analyst  can  discover  facts  about  a  person  that  they  might  not  even  be  consciously  aware  of  themselves.economic  such  as  credit  card  purchases  and  social  such  as  telephone  calls  and  emails  transactions  in  modern  society  create  large  amounts  of  stored  data  and  records.  in  the  past,  this  data  was  documented  in  paper  records,  leaving  a  paper  trail,
__label__situationalsurveillance or  was  simply  not  documented  at  all.  correlation  of  paperbased  records  was  a  laborious  processit  required  human  intelligence  operators  to  manually  dig  through  documents,  which  was  timeconsuming  and  incomplete,  at  best.but  today  many  of  these  records  are  electronic,  resulting  in  an  electronic  trail.  every  use  of  a  bank  machine,  payment  by  credit  card,  use  of  a  phone  card,  call  from  home,  checked  out  library  book,  rented  video,  or  otherwise  complete  recorded  transaction  generates  an  electronic  record.  public  recordssuch  as  birth,  court,  tax  and  other  recordsare  increasily  being  digitized  and  made  available  online.  in  addition,  due  to  laws  like  calea,  web
__label__situationalsurveillance traffic  and  online  purchases  are  also  available  for  profiling.  electronic  recordkeeping  makes  data  easily  collectable,  storable,  and  accessibleso  that  highvolume,  efficient  aggregation  and  analysis  is  possible  at  significantly  lower  costs.information  relating  to  many  of  these  individual  transactions  is  often  easily  available  because  it  is  generally  not  guarded  in  isolation,  since  the  information,  such  as  the  title  of  a  movie  a  person  has  rented,  might  not  seem  sensitive.  however,  when  many  such  transactions  are  aggregated  they  can  be  used  to  assemble  a  detailed  profile  revealing  the  actions,  habits,  beliefs,  locations  frequented,  social  connections,  and  preferences  of  the  individual.  this  profile  is
__label__situationalsurveillance then  used,  by  programs  such  as  advise  and  talon,  to  determine  whether  the  person  is  a  military,  criminal,  or  political  threat.in  addition  to  its  own  aggregation  and  profiling  tools,  the  government  is  able  to  access  information  from  third  parties  for  example,  banks,  credit  companies  or  employers,  etc.  by  requesting  access  informally,  by  compelling  access  through  the  use  of  subpoenas  or  other  procedures,  or  by  purchasing  data  from  commercial  data  aggregators  or  data  brokers.  the  united  states  has  spent  370  million  on  its  43  planned  fusion  centers,  which  are  national  network  of  surveillance  centers  that  are  located  in  over  30  states.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  centers  will  collect  and  analyze  vast  amounts  of  data  on  u.s.  citizens.  it  will  get  this  data  by  consolidating  personal  information  from  sources  such  as  state  drivers  licensing  agencies,  hospital  records,  criminal  records,  school  records,  credit  bureaus,  banks,  etc.  and  placing  this  information  in  a  centralized  database  that  can  be  accessed  from  all  of  the  centers,  as  well  as  other  federal  law  enforcement  and  intelligence  agencies.under  united  states  v.  miller  1976,  data  held  by  third  parties  is  generally  not  subject  to  fourth  amendment  warrant  requirements.  human  operatives  organizations  that  have  enemies  who  wish  to  gather  information  about  the  groups
__label__situationalsurveillance members  or  activities  face  the  issue  of  infiltration.in  addition  to  operatives  infiltrating  an  organization,  the  surveilling  party  may  exert  pressure  on  certain  members  of  the  target  organization  to  act  as  informants  i.e.,  to  disclose  the  information  they  hold  on  the  organization  and  its  members.fielding  operatives  is  very  expensive,  and  for  governments  with  widereaching  electronic  surveillance  tools  at  their  disposal  the  information  recovered  from  operatives  can  often  be  obtained  from  less  problematic  forms  of  surveillance  such  as  those  mentioned  above.  nevertheless,  human  infiltrators  are  still  common  today.  for  instance,  in  2007  documents  surfaced  showing  that  the  fbi  was  planning  to  field
__label__situationalsurveillance a  total  of  15,000  undercover  agents  and  informants  in  response  to  an  antiterrorism  directive  sent  out  by  george  w.  bush  in  2004  that  ordered  intelligence  and  law  enforcement  agencies  to  increase  their  humint  capabilities.  satellite  imagery  on  may  25,  2007  the  u.s.  director  of  national  intelligence  michael  mcconnell  authorized  the  national  applications  office  nao  of  the  department  of  homeland  security  to  allow  local,  state,  and  domestic  federal  agencies  to  access  imagery  from  military  intelligence  reconnaissance  satellites  and  reconnaissance  aircraft  sensors  which  can  now  be  used  to  observe  the  activities  of  u.s.  citizens.  the  satellites  and  aircraft  sensors  will  be  able
__label__situationalsurveillance to  penetrate  cloud  cover,  detect  chemical  traces,  and  identify  objects  in  buildings  and  underground  bunkers,  and  will  provide  realtime  video  at  much  higher  resolutions  than  the  stillimages  produced  by  programs  such  as  google  earth.  identification  and  credentials  one  of  the  simplest  forms  of  identification  is  the  carrying  of  credentials.  some  nations  have  an  identity  card  system  to  aid  identification,  whilst  others  are  considering  it  but  face  public  opposition.  other  documents,  such  as  passports,  drivers  licenses,  library  cards,  banking  or  credit  cards  are  also  used  to  verify  identity.if  the  form  of  the  identity  card  is  machinereadable,  usually  using  an  encoded  magnetic
__label__situationalsurveillance stripe  or  identification  number  such  as  a  social  security  number,  it  corroborates  the  subjects  identifying  data.  in  this  case  it  may  create  an  electronic  trail  when  it  is  checked  and  scanned,  which  can  be  used  in  profiling,  as  mentioned  above.  wireless  tracking  this  section  refers  to  traking  methods  that  involve  the  monitoring  of  devices  through  the  aid  of  wireless  signals.  mobile  phones  mobile  carrier  antennas  are  also  commonly  used  to  collect  geolocation  data  on  mobile  phones.  the  geographical  location  of  a  powered  mobile  phone  and  thus  the  person  carrying  it  can  be  determined  easily  whether  it  is  being  used  or
__label__situationalsurveillance not,  using  a  technique  known  as  multilateration  to  calculate  the  differences  in  time  for  a  signal  to  travel  from  the  cell  phone  to  each  of  several  cell  towers  near  the  owner  of  the  phone.  dr.  victor  kappeler  of  eastern  kentucky  university  indicates  that  police  surveillance  is  a  strong  concern,  stating  the  following  statistics  from  2013:of  the  321,545  law  enforcement  requests  made  to  verizon,  54,200  of  these  requests  were  for  content  or  location  informationnot  just  cell  phone  numbers  or  ip  addresses.  content  information  included  the  actual  text  of  messages,  emails  and  the  wiretapping  of  voice  or  messaging  content  in  realtime.a  comparatively
__label__situationalsurveillance new  offtheshelf  surveillance  device  is  an  imsicatcher,  a  telephone  eavesdropping  device  used  to  intercept  mobile  phone  traffic  and  track  the  movement  of  mobile  phone  users.  essentially  a  fake  mobile  tower  acting  between  the  target  mobile  phone  and  the  service  providers  real  towers,  it  is  considered  a  maninthemiddle  mitm  attack.  imsicatchers  are  used  in  some  countries  by  law  enforcement  and  intelligence  agencies,  but  their  use  has  raised  significant  civil  liberty  and  privacy  concerns  and  is  strictly  regulated  in  some  countries.  rfid  tagging  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  tagging  is  the  use  of  very  small  electronic  devices  called  rfid  tags  which  are  applied
__label__situationalsurveillance to  or  incorporated  into  a  product,  animal,  or  person  for  the  purpose  of  identification  and  tracking  using  radio  waves.  the  tags  can  be  read  from  several  meters  away.  they  are  extremely  inexpensive,  costing  a  few  cents  per  piece,  so  they  can  be  inserted  into  many  types  of  everyday  products  without  significantly  increasing  the  price,  and  can  be  used  to  track  and  identify  these  objects  for  a  variety  of  purposes.some  companies  appear  to  be  tagging  their  workers  by  incorporating  rfid  tags  in  employee  id  badges.  workers  in  u.k.  considered  strike  action  in  protest  of  having  themselves  tagged;  they  felt  that  it
__label__situationalsurveillance was  dehumanizing  to  have  all  of  their  movements  tracked  with  rfid  chips.  some  critics  have  expressed  fears  that  people  will  soon  be  tracked  and  scanned  everywhere  they  go.  on  the  other  hand,  rfid  tags  in  newborn  baby  id  bracelets  put  on  by  hospitals  have  foiled  kidnappings.in  a  2003  editorial,  cnet  news.coms  chief  political  correspondent,  declan  mccullagh,  speculated  that,  soon,  every  object  that  is  purchased,  and  perhaps  id  cards,  will  have  rfid  devices  in  them,  which  would  respond  with  information  about  people  as  they  walk  past  scanners  what  type  of  phone  they  have,  what  type  of  shoes  they  have  on,  which
__label__situationalsurveillance books  they  are  carrying,  what  credit  cards  or  membership  cards  they  have,  etc..  this  information  could  be  used  for  identification,  tracking,  or  targeted  marketing.  as  of  2012,  this  has  largely  not  come  to  pass.  rfid  tagging  on  humans  a  human  microchip  implant  is  an  identifying  integrated  circuit  device  or  rfid  transponder  encased  in  silicate  glass  and  implanted  in  the  body  of  a  human  being.  a  subdermal  implant  typically  contains  a  unique  id  number  that  can  be  linked  to  information  contained  in  an  external  database,  such  as  personal  identification,  medical  history,  medications,  allergies,  and  contact  information.several  types  of  microchips  have  been
__label__situationalsurveillance developed  in  order  to  control  and  monitor  certain  types  of  people,  such  as  criminals,  political  figures  and  spies,  a  killer  tracking  chip  patent  was  filed  at  the  german  patent  and  trademark  office  dpma  around  may  2009.verichip  is  an  rfid  device  produced  by  a  company  called  applied  digital  solutions  ads.  verichip  is  slightly  larger  than  a  grain  of  rice,  and  is  injected  under  the  skin.  the  injection  reportedly  feels  similar  to  receiving  a  shot.  the  chip  is  encased  in  glass,  and  stores  a  verichip  subscriber  number  which  the  scanner  uses  to  access  their  personal  information,  via  the  internet,  from  verichip  inc.s
__label__situationalsurveillance database,  the  global  verichip  subscriber  registry.  thousands  of  people  have  already  had  them  inserted.  in  mexico,  for  example,  160  workers  at  the  attorney  generals  office  were  required  to  have  the  chip  injected  for  identity  verification  and  access  control  purposes.  geolocation  devices  global  positioning  system  in  the  u.s.,  police  have  planted  hidden  gps  tracking  devices  in  peoples  vehicles  to  monitor  their  movements,  without  a  warrant.  in  early  2009,  they  were  arguing  in  court  that  they  have  the  right  to  do  this.several  cities  are  running  pilot  projects  to  require  parolees  to  wear  gps  devices  to  track  their  movements  when  they  get  out
__label__situationalsurveillance of  prison.  devices  covert  listening  devices  and  video  devices,  or  bugs,  are  hidden  electronic  devices  which  are  used  to  capture,  record,  and/or  transmit  data  to  a  receiving  party  such  as  a  law  enforcement  agency.the  u.s.  has  run  numerous  domestic  intelligence  operations,  such  as  cointelpro,  which  have  bugged  the  homes,  offices,  and  vehicles  of  thousands  of  u.s.  citizens,  usually  political  activists,  subversives,  and  criminals.law  enforcement  and  intelligence  services  in  the  u.k.  and  the  united  states  possess  technology  to  remotely  activate  the  microphones  in  cell  phones,  by  accessing  the  phones  diagnostic/maintenance  features,  in  order  to  listen  to  conversations  that  take  place  nearby
__label__situationalsurveillance the  person  who  holds  the  phone.  postal  services  as  more  people  use  faxes  and  email  the  significance  of  surveilling  the  postal  system  is  decreasing,  in  favor  of  internet  and  telephone  surveillance.  but  interception  of  post  is  still  an  available  option  for  law  enforcement  and  intelligence  agencies,  in  certain  circumstances.  this  is  not  a  common  practice,  however,  and  entities  like  the  us  army  require  high  levels  of  approval  to  conduct.the  u.s.  central  intelligence  agency  and  federal  bureau  of  investigation  have  performed  twelve  separate  mailopening  campaigns  targeted  towards  u.s.  citizens.  in  one  of  these  programs,  more  than  215,000  communications  were  intercepted,  opened,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  photographed.  stakeout  a  stakeout  is  the  coordinated  surveillance  of  a  location  or  person.  stakeouts  are  generally  performed  covertly  and  for  the  purpose  of  gathering  evidence  related  to  criminal  activity.  the  term  derives  from  the  practice  by  land  surveyors  of  using  survey  stakes  to  measure  out  an  area  before  the  main  building  project  is  commenced.  wildlife  the  management  of  wildlife  populations  often  requires  surveillance.  this  includes,  for  example  surveillance  of  1  invasive  species  location  and  abundance  for  more  effective  management,  2  illegal  fishers  and  poachers  to  reduce  harvest  and  overexploitation  of  natural  resources,  3  the  population  abundances  of  endangered  species
__label__situationalsurveillance to  decrease  the  risk  of  extinction,  and  4  wildlife  diseases  that  can  damage  crops,  agriculture  and  natural  populations.  controversy  support  supporters  of  surveillance  systems  believe  that  these  tools  can  help  protect  society  from  terrorists  and  criminals.  they  argue  that  surveillance  can  reduce  crime  by  three  means:  by  deterrence,  by  observation,  and  by  reconstruction.  surveillance  can  deter  by  increasing  the  chance  of  being  caught,  and  by  revealing  the  modus  operandi.  this  requires  a  minimal  level  of  invasiveness.another  method  on  how  surveillance  can  be  used  to  fight  criminal  activity  is  by  linking  the  information  stream  obtained  from  them  to  a  recognition  system
__label__situationalsurveillance for  instance,  a  camera  system  that  has  its  feed  run  through  a  facial  recognition  system.  this  can  for  instance  autorecognize  fugitives  and  direct  police  to  their  location.a  distinction  here  has  to  be  made  however  on  the  type  of  surveillance  employed.  some  people  that  say  support  video  surveillance  in  city  streets  may  not  support  indiscriminate  telephone  taps  and  vice  versa.  besides  the  types,  the  way  in  how  this  surveillance  is  done  also  matters  a  lot;  i.e.  indiscriminate  telephone  taps  are  supported  by  much  fewer  people  than  say  telephone  taps  only  done  to  people  suspected  of  engaging  in  illegal  activities.surveillance  can  also
__label__situationalsurveillance be  used  to  give  human  operatives  a  tactical  advantage  through  improved  situational  awareness,  or  through  the  use  of  automated  processes,  i.e.  video  analytics.  surveillance  can  help  reconstruct  an  incident  and  prove  guilt  through  the  availability  of  footage  for  forensics  experts.  surveillance  can  also  influence  subjective  security  if  surveillance  resources  are  visible  or  if  the  consequences  of  surveillance  can  be  felt.some  of  the  surveillance  systems  such  as  the  camera  system  that  has  its  feed  run  through  a  facial  recognition  system  mentioned  above  can  also  have  other  uses  besides  countering  criminal  activity.  for  instance,  it  can  help  on  retrieving  runaway  children,  abducted
__label__situationalsurveillance or  missing  adults  and  mentally  disabled  people.  other  supporters  simply  believe  that  there  is  nothing  that  can  be  done  about  the  loss  of  privacy,  and  that  people  must  become  accustomed  to  having  no  privacy.  as  sun  microsystems  ceo  scott  mcnealy  said:  you  have  zero  privacy  anyway.  get  over  it.another  common  argument  is:  if  you  arent  doing  something  wrong  then  you  dont  have  anything  to  fear.  which  follows  that  if  one  is  engaging  in  unlawful  activities,  in  which  case  they  do  not  have  a  legitimate  justification  for  their  privacy.  however,  if  they  are  following  the  law  the  surveillance  would  not  affect
__label__situationalsurveillance them.  opposition  with  the  advent  of  programs  such  as  the  total  information  awareness  program  and  advise,  technologies  such  as  high  speed  surveillance  computers  and  biometrics  software,  and  laws  such  as  the  communications  assistance  for  law  enforcement  act,  governments  now  possess  an  unprecedented  ability  to  monitor  the  activities  of  their  subjects.  many  civil  rights  and  privacy  groups,  such  as  the  electronic  frontier  foundation  and  american  civil  liberties  union,  have  expressed  concern  that  by  allowing  continual  increases  in  government  surveillance  of  citizens  we  will  end  up  in  a  mass  surveillance  society,  with  extremely  limited,  or  nonexistent  political  and/or  personal  freedoms.  fears  such
__label__situationalsurveillance as  this  have  led  to  numerous  lawsuits  such  as  hepting  v.  att.some  critics  state  that  the  claim  made  by  supporters  should  be  modified  to  read:  as  long  as  we  do  what  were  told,  we  have  nothing  to  fear..  for  instance,  a  person  who  is  part  of  a  political  group  which  opposes  the  policies  of  the  national  government,  might  not  want  the  government  to  know  their  names  and  what  they  have  been  reading,  so  that  the  government  cannot  easily  subvert  their  organization,  arrest,  or  kill  them.  other  critics  state  that  while  a  person  might  not  have  anything  to  hide  right  now,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  government  might  later  implement  policies  that  they  do  wish  to  oppose,  and  that  opposition  might  then  be  impossible  due  to  mass  surveillance  enabling  the  government  to  identify  and  remove  political  threats.  further,  other  critics  point  to  the  fact  that  most  people  do  have  things  to  hide.  for  example,  if  a  person  is  looking  for  a  new  job,  they  might  not  want  their  current  employer  to  know  this.  also  if  an  employer  wishes  total  privacy  to  watch  over  their  own  employee  and  secure  their  financial  information  it  may  become  impossible,  and  they  may  not  wish  to  hire  those  under  surveillance.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  most  concern  of  detriment  is  securing  the  lives  of  those  who  live  under  total  surveillance  willingly,  educating  the  public  to  those  under  peaceful  watch  while  identifying  terrorist  and  those  who  use  the  same  surveillance  systems  and  mechanisms  in  opposition  to  peace,  against  civilians,  and  to  disclose  lives  removed  from  the  laws  of  the  land.in  addition,  a  significant  risk  of  private  data  collection  stems  from  the  fact  that  this  risk  is  too  much  unknown  to  be  readily  assessed  today.  storage  is  cheap  enough  to  have  data  stored  forever,  and  the  models  using  which  it  will  be  analyzed  in  a  decade
__label__situationalsurveillance from  now  cannot  reasonably  be  foreseen.in  december  2017,  the  government  of  china  took  steps  to  oppose  widespread  surveillance  by  securitycompany  cameras,  webcams,  and  ip  cameras  after  tensofthousands  were  made  accessible  for  internet  viewing  by  it  company  qihoo  totalitarianism  programs  such  as  the  total  information  awareness  program,  and  laws  such  as  the  communications  assistance  for  law  enforcement  act  have  led  many  groups  to  fear  that  society  is  moving  towards  a  state  of  mass  surveillance  with  severely  limited  personal,  social,  political  freedoms,  where  dissenting  individuals  or  groups  will  be  strategically  removed  in  cointelprolike  purges.kate  martin,  of  the  center  for  national  security  studies
__label__situationalsurveillance said  of  the  use  of  military  spy  satellites  being  used  to  monitor  the  activities  of  u.s.  citizens:  they  are  laying  the  bricks  one  at  a  time  for  a  police  state.some  point  to  the  blurring  of  lines  between  public  and  private  places,  and  the  privatization  of  places  traditionally  seen  as  public  such  as  shopping  malls  and  industrial  parks  as  illustrating  the  increasing  legality  of  collecting  personal  information.  traveling  through  many  public  places  such  as  government  offices  is  hardly  optional  for  most  people,  yet  consumers  have  little  choice  but  to  submit  to  companies  surveillance  practices.  surveillance  techniques  are  not  created  equal;  among
__label__situationalsurveillance the  many  biometric  identification  technologies,  for  instance,  face  recognition  requires  the  least  cooperation.  unlike  automatic  fingerprint  reading,  which  requires  an  individual  to  press  a  finger  against  a  machine,  this  technique  is  subtle  and  requires  little  to  no  consent.  psychological/social  effects  some  critics,  such  as  michel  foucault,  believe  that  in  addition  to  its  obvious  function  of  identifying  and  capturing  individuals  who  are  committing  undesirable  acts,  surveillance  also  functions  to  create  in  everyone  a  feeling  of  always  being  watched,  so  that  they  become  selfpolicing.  this  allows  the  state  to  control  the  populace  without  having  to  resort  to  physical  force,  which  is  expensive
__label__situationalsurveillance and  otherwise  problematic.with  the  development  of  digital  technology,  individuals  have  become  increasingly  perceptible  to  one  another,  as  surveillance  becomes  virtual.  online  surveillance  is  the  utilization  of  the  internet  to  observe  ones  activity.  corporations,  citizens,  and  governments  participate  in  tracking  others  behaviours  for  motivations  that  arise  out  of  business  relations,  to  curiosity,  to  legality.  in  her  book  superconnected,  chayko  differentiates  between  two  types  of  surveillance:  vertical  and  horizontal.  vertical  surveillance  occurs  when  there  is  a  dominant  force,  such  as  the  government  that  is  attempting  to  control  or  regulate  the  actions  of  a  given  society.  such  powerful  authorities  often  justify  their  incursions
__label__situationalsurveillance as  a  means  to  protect  society  from  threats  of  violence  or  terrorism.  some  individuals  question  when  this  becomes  an  infringement  on  civil  rights.horizontal  diverges  from  vertical  surveillance  as  the  tracking  shifts  from  an  authoritative  source  to  an  everyday  figure,  such  as  a  friend,  coworker,  or  stranger  that  is  interested  in  ones  mundane  activities.  individuals  leave  traces  of  information  when  they  are  online  that  reveal  their  interests  and  desires  of  which  others  observe.  while  this  can  allow  people  to  become  interconnected  and  develop  social  connections  online,  it  can  also  increase  potential  risk  to  harm,  such  as  cyberbullying  or  censoring/stalking  by  strangers,
__label__situationalsurveillance reducing  privacy.in  addition,  simone  browne  argues  that  surveillance  wields  an  immense  racializing  quality  such  that  it  operates  as  racializing  surveillance.  browne  uses  racializing  surveillance  to  refer  to  moments  when  enactments  of  surveillance  are  used  to  reify  boundaries,  borders,  and  bodies  along  racial  lines  and  where  the  outcome  is  discriminatory  treatment  of  those  who  are  negatively  racialized  by  such  surveillance.  browne  argues  racializing  surveillance  pertains  to  policing  what  is  in  or  out  of  place.  privacy  numerous  civil  rights  groups  and  privacy  groups  oppose  surveillance  as  a  violation  of  peoples  right  to  privacy.  such  groups  include:  electronic  privacy  information  center,  electronic  frontier
__label__situationalsurveillance foundation,  american  civil  liberties  unionthere  have  been  several  lawsuits  such  as  hepting  v.  att  and  epic  v.  department  of  justice  by  groups  or  individuals,  opposing  certain  surveillance  activities.legislative  proceedings  such  as  those  that  took  place  during  the  church  committee,  which  investigated  domestic  intelligence  programs  such  as  cointelpro,  have  also  weighed  the  pros  and  cons  of  surveillance.court  casespeople  vs.  diaz  2011  was  a  court  case  in  the  realm  of  cell  phone  privacy,  even  though  the  decision  was  later  overturned.  in  this  case,  gregory  diaz  was  arrested  during  a  sting  operation  for  attempting  to  sell  ecstasy.  during  his  arrest,  police  searched  diazs
__label__situationalsurveillance phone  and  found  more  incriminating  evidence  including  sms  text  messages  and  photographs  depicting  illicit  activities.  during  his  trial,  diaz  attempted  to  have  the  information  from  his  cell  phone  removed  from  evidence,  but  the  courts  deemed  it  as  lawful  and  diazs  appeal  was  denied  on  the  california  state  court  level  and,  later,  the  supreme  court  level.  just  three  short  years  after,  this  decision  was  overturned  in  the  case  riley  vs.  california  2014.riley  vs.  california  2014  was  an  extremely  vital  supreme  court  case  in  which  a  man  was  arrested  for  his  involvement  in  a  driveby  shooting.  a  few  days  after  the  shooting
__label__situationalsurveillance the  police  made  an  arrest  of  the  suspect  riley,  and,  during  the  arrest,  the  police  searched  him.  however,  this  search  was  not  only  of  rileys  person,  but  also  the  police  opened  and  searched  his  cell  phone,  finding  pictures  of  other  weapons,  drugs,  and  of  riley  showing  gang  signs.  in  court,  the  question  arose  whether  searching  the  phone  was  lawful  or  if  the  search  was  protected  by  the  4th  amendment  of  the  constitution.  the  decision  held  that  the  search  of  rileys  cell  phone  during  the  arrest  was  illegal,  and  that  it  was  protected  by  the  4th  amendment.  countersurveillance,  inverse  surveillance,  sousveillance
__label__situationalsurveillance countersurveillance  is  the  practice  of  avoiding  surveillance  or  making  surveillance  difficult.  developments  in  the  late  twentieth  century  have  caused  counter  surveillance  to  dramatically  grow  in  both  scope  and  complexity,  such  as  the  internet,  increasing  prevalence  of  electronic  security  systems,  highaltitude  and  possibly  armed  uavs,  and  large  corporate  and  government  computer  databases.inverse  surveillance  is  the  practice  of  the  reversal  of  surveillance  on  other  individuals  or  groups  e.g.,  citizens  photographing  police.  wellknown  examples  are  george  hollidays  recording  of  the  rodney  king  beating  and  the  organization  copwatch,  which  attempts  to  monitor  police  officers  to  prevent  police  brutality.  countersurveillance  can  be  also  used  in
__label__situationalsurveillance applications  to  prevent  corporate  spying,  or  to  track  other  criminals  by  certain  criminal  entities.  it  can  also  be  used  to  deter  stalking  methods  used  by  various  entities  and  organizations.sousveillance  is  inverse  surveillance,  involving  the  recording  by  private  individuals,  rather  than  government  or  corporate  entities.  popular  culture  in  literature  george  orwells  novel  nineteen  eightyfour  portrays  a  fictional  totalitarian  surveillance  society  with  a  very  simple  by  todays  standards  mass  surveillance  system  consisting  of  human  operatives,  informants,  and  twoway  telescreens  in  peoples  homes.  because  of  the  impact  of  this  book,  masssurveillance  technologies  are  commonly  called  orwellian  when  they  are  considered  problematic.the  novel  mistrust
__label__situationalsurveillance highlights  the  negative  effects  from  the  overuse  of  surveillance  at  reflection  house.  the  central  character  kerryn  installs  secret  cameras  to  monitor  her  housemates  see  also  paranoia.the  book  the  handmaids  tale,  as  well  as  a  film  and  tv  series  based  on  it,  portray  a  totalitarian  christian  theocracy  where  all  citizens  are  kept  under  constant  surveillance.in  the  book  the  girl  with  the  dragon  tattoo,  lisbeth  salander  uses  computers  to  get  information  on  people,  as  well  as  other  common  surveillance  methods,  as  a  freelancer.v  for  vendetta  a  british  graphic  novel  written  by  alan  mooredavid  eggers  novel  the  circle  exhibits  a  world  where  a
__label__situationalsurveillance single  company  called  the  circle  produces  all  of  the  latest  and  highest  quality  technologies  from  computers  and  smartphones,  to  surveillance  cameras  known  as  seechange  cameras.  this  company  becomes  associated  with  politics  when  starting  a  movement  where  politicians  go  transparent  by  wearing  seechange  cameras  on  their  body  to  prevent  keeping  secrets  from  the  public  about  their  daily  work  activity.  in  this  society,  it  becomes  mandatory  to  share  personal  information  and  experiences  because  it  is  the  circles  belief  that  everyone  should  have  access  to  all  information  freely.  however,  as  eggers  illustrates,  this  takes  a  toll  on  the  individuals  and  creates  a  disruption
__label__situationalsurveillance of  power  between  the  governments  and  the  private  company.  the  circle  presents  extreme  ideologies  surrounding  mandatory  surveillance.  eamon  bailey,  one  of  the  wise  men,  or  founders  of  the  circle,  believes  that  possessing  the  tools  to  access  information  about  anything  or  anyone,  should  be  a  human  right  given  to  all  of  the  worlds  citizens.  by  eliminating  all  secrets,  any  behaviour  that  has  been  deemed  shameful  will  either  become  normalized  or  no  longer  considered  shocking.  negative  actions  will  eventually  be  eradicated  from  society  altogether,  through  the  fear  of  being  exposed  to  other  citizens  this  would  be  achieved  in  part  by  everyone  going
__label__situationalsurveillance transparent,  something  that  bailey  highly  supports,  although  its  notable  that  none  of  the  wise  men  ever  became  transparent  themselves.  one  major  goal  of  the  circle  is  to  have  all  of  the  worlds  information  filtered  through  the  circle,  a  process  they  call  completion.  a  single,  private  company  would  then  have  full  access  and  control  over  all  information  and  privacy  of  individuals  and  governments.  ty  gospodinov,  the  first  founder  of  the  circle,  has  major  concerns  about  the  completion  of  the  circle.  he  warns  that  this  step  would  give  the  circle  too  much  power  and  control,  and  would  quickly  lead  to  totalitarianism.  in
__label__situationalsurveillance music  the  dead  kennedys  song  i  am  the  owl  is  about  government  surveillance  and  social  engineering  of  political  groups.the  vienna  teng  song  hymn  of  acxiom  is  about  corporate  data  collection  and  surveillance.  onscreen  the  film  gattaca  portrays  a  society  that  uses  biometric  surveillance  to  distinguish  between  people  who  are  genetically  engineered  superior  humans  and  genetically  natural  inferior  humans.in  the  movie  minority  report,  the  police  and  government  intelligence  agencies  use  micro  aerial  vehicles  in  swat  operations  and  for  surveillance  purposes.hbos  crimedrama  series  the  sopranos  regularly  portrays  the  fbis  surveillance  of  the  dimeo  crime  family.  audio  devices  they  use  include  bugs  placed
__label__situationalsurveillance in  strategic  locations  e.g.,  in  i  dream  of  jeannie  cusamano  and  mr.  ruggerios  neighborhood  and  hidden  microphones  worn  by  operatives  e.g.,  in  rat  pack  and  informants  e.g.,  in  funhouse,  proshai,  livushka  and  members  only.  visual  devices  include  hidden  still  cameras  e.g.,  in  pax  soprana  and  video  cameras  e.g.,  in  long  term  parking.the  movie  thx1138  portrays  a  society  wherein  people  are  drugged  with  sedatives  and  antidepressants,  and  have  surveillance  cameras  watching  them  everywhere  they  go.the  movie  the  lives  of  others  portrays  the  monitoring  of  east  berlin  by  agents  of  the  stasi,  the  gdrs  secret  police.the  movie  the  conversation  portrays  many  methods
__label__situationalsurveillance of  audio  surveillance.the  movie  v  for  vendetta  a  2005  dystopian  political  thriller  film  directed  by  james  mcteigue  and  written  by  the  wachowskis  is  about  british  government  trying  to  brainwash  people  by  media,  obtain  their  support  by  fearmongering,  monitor  them  by  mass  surveillance  devices,  and  suppress  or  kill  any  political  or  social  objection.the  movie  enemy  of  the  state  a  1998  american  actionthriller  film  directed  by  tony  scott  is  about  using  u.s.  citizens  data  to  search  their  background  and  surveillance  devices  to  capture  everyone  that  is  identified  as  enemy.  see  also  mass  surveillance  in  the  united  statessousveillancesurveillance  artsurveillance  capitalismsurveillance  system  monitortrapwireparticipatory  surveillance
__label__situationalsurveillance references  further  reading  allmer,  thomas  2012.  towards  a  critical  theory  of  surveillance  in  informational  capitalism.  frankfurt  am  main:  peter  lang.  isbn  9783631632208feldman,  jay.  2011.  manufacturing  hysteria:  a  history  of  scapegoating,  surveillance,  and  secrecy  in  modern  america.  new  york,  ny:  pantheon  books.  isbn  0375425349fuchs,  christian,  kees  boersma,  anders  albrechtslund,  and  marisol  sandoval,  eds.  2012.  internet  and  surveillance:  the  challenges  of  web  2.0  and  social  media.  new  york:  routledge.  isbn  9780415891608garfinkel,  simson,  database  nation;  the  death  of  privacy  in  the  21st  century.  oreilly  associates,  inc.  isbn  0596001053gilliom,  john  overseers  of  the  poor:  surveillance,  resistance,  and  the  limits  of  privacy,  university  of  chicago
__label__situationalsurveillance press,  isbn  9780226293615haque,  akhlaque.  2015.  surveillance,  transparency  and  democracy:  public  administration  in  the  information  age.  university  of  alabama  press,  tuscaloosa,  al.  isbn  9780817318772harris,  shane.  2011.  the  watchers:  the  rise  of  americas  surveillance  state.  london,  uk:  penguin  books  ltd.  isbn  0143118900hier,  sean  p.,  greenberg,  joshua  eds..  2009.  surveillance:  power,  problems,  and  politics.  vancouver,  ca:  ubc  press.  isbn  0774816112jenkins,  peter  advanced  surveillance  training  manual,  intel  publishing,  uk  isbn  0953537811jenkins,  peter  surveillance  tradecraft,  intel  publishing,  uk  isbn  9780953537822jensen,  derrick  and  draffan,  george  2004  welcome  to  the  machine:  science,  surveillance,  and  the  culture  of  control  chelsea  green  publishing  company.  isbn  9781931498524laidler,  keith.  2008.  surveillance
__label__situationalsurveillance unlimited:  how  weve  become  the  most  watched  people  on  earth.  cambridge,  au:  icon  books  ltd.  isbn  9781840468779lyon,  david  2001.  surveillance  society:  monitoring  in  everyday  life.  philadelphia:  open  university  press.  isbn  9780335205462lyon,  david  ed..  2006.  theorizing  surveillance:  the  panopticon  and  beyond.  cullompton,  uk:  willan  publishing.  isbn  9781843921912lyon,  david  2007  surveillance  studies:  an  overview.  cambridge:  polity  press.  isbn  9780745635910matteralt,  armand.  2010.  the  globalization  of  surveillance.  cambridge,  uk:  polity  press.  isbn  0745645119parenti,  christian  the  soft  cage:  surveillance  in  america  from  slavery  to  the  war  on  terror,  basic  books,  isbn  9780465054855petersen,  j.k.  2012  handbook  of  surveillance  technologies,  third  edition,  taylor  francis:  crc  press,  1020
__label__situationalsurveillance pp.,  isbn  9781439873151petersen,  j.k.  2012  introduction  to  surveillance  studies,  taylor  francis:  crc  press,  416  pp.,  isbn  9781466555099staples,  william  g.  2000.  everyday  surveillance:  vigilance  and  visibility  in  postmodern  life.  lanham,  md:  rowman  littlefield  publishers.  isbn  0742500772  general  information  special  issue  on  surveillance  capitalism  nine  articles  analyzing  financial,  social,  political,  legal,  historical,  security  and  other  aspects  of  us  and  international  surveillance  and  spying  programs  and  their  relation  to  capitalism.  monthly  review.  2014.  volume  66,  number  3,  julyaugustaclu,  the  surveillanceindustrial  complex:  how  the  american  government  is  conscripting  businesses  and  individuals  in  the  construction  of  a  surveillance  societybalkin,  jack  m.  2008.  the  constitution  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  national  surveillance  state,  yale  law  schoolbibo,  didier  and  delmasmarty,  the  state  and  surveillance:  fear  and  controleff  privacy  resourcesepic  privacy  resourcesico.  september  2006.  a  report  on  the  surveillance  society  for  the  information  commissioner  by  the  surveillance  studies  network.privacy  information  centerthe  nsa  files  dozens  of  articles  about  the  u.s.  national  security  agency  and  its  spying  and  surveillance  programs.  the  guardian.  london.  june  8,  2013.blunden,  bill  april  2015.  mass  surveillance  is  driven  by  the  private  sector,  in  counterpunch  historical  information  cointelprofbi  counterintelligence  programs  designed  to  neutralize  political  dissidentsreversing  the  whispering  gallery  of  dionysius  a  short  history  of  electronic  surveillance  in  the  united
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  cities  seek  to  implement  information  and  communication  technologies  ict  in  order  to  improve  the  efficiency  and  sustainability  of  urban  spaces  while  reducing  costs  and  resource  consumption.  in  the  context  of  surveillance,  smart  cities  monitor  citizens  through  strategically  placed  sensors  around  the  urban  landscape,  which  collect  data  regarding  many  different  factors  of  urban  living.  from  these  sensors,  data  is  transmitted,  aggregated,  and  analysed  by  governments  and  other  local  authorities  in  order  to  extrapolate  information  about  the  challenges  the  city  faces  in  sectors  such  as  crime  prevention,  traffic  management,  energy  use  and  waste  reduction.  this  serves  to  facilitate  better  urban  planning
__label__situationalsurveillance and  allows  governments  to  tailor  their  services  to  the  local  population.such  technology  has  been  implemented  in  a  number  of  cities,  including  santa  cruz,  barcelona,  amsterdam  and  stockholm.  smart  city  technology  has  developed  practical  applications  in  improving  effective  law  enforcement,  the  optimization  of  transportation  services,  and  the  improvement  of  essential  infrastructure  systems,  including  providing  local  government  services  through  egovernance  platforms.this  constant  and  omnipresent  transmission  of  data  from  disparate  sources  into  a  single  government  entity  has  led  to  concerns  being  raised  of  these  systems  turning  into  electronic  panopticons,  where  governments  exploit  data  driven  technologies  in  order  to  maximize  effective  surveillance  of  their
__label__situationalsurveillance citizens.  such  criticism  is  drawn  from  privacy  factors,  as  the  information  sharing  flows  operate  vertically  between  citizens  and  the  government  on  a  scale  that  undermines  the  concept  of  urban  anonymity.  law  enforcement  the  most  discernible  use  of  smart  city  technology  for  government  surveillance  arises  in  law  enforcement,  where  critics  consider  the  accumulation  of  intelligence  through  data  collection  strategies  key  to  intelligencebased  policing.  the  technology  available  in  smart  cities  includes  extensive  cctv  installations  such  as  in  london  and  dubai,  smart  traffic  sensors  in  new  york  and  crime  prediction  software  in  santa  cruz,  california.  this  technology  holds  the  potential  to  significantly  improve
__label__situationalsurveillance the  type  and  volume  of  information  that  may  be  relied  upon  by  law  enforcement  authorities  when  dealing  with  crimes.  most  policing  technologies  developed  within  smart  cities  appear  to  have  shifted  law  enforcement  from  disciplinary  to  actuarial,  with  less  focus  on  identifying  individual  criminals  in  order  to  ascribe  guilt  and  a  tendency  to  classify  and  manage  groups  based  on  levels  of  dangerousness.  policing  techniques  proactive  policing  garlands  culture  of  control  theory  has  been  used  to  describe  the  trend  towards  proactive  policing  in  smart  cities.  in  palestine,  there  have  been  proposals  to  introduce  gpsbased  tracking  systems  to  cars  for  the  purposes  of
__label__situationalsurveillance law  enforcement  within  a  modern  urban  environment.  here,  the  location  and  speed  of  every  vehicle  is  recorded  and  transmitted  to  the  local  authority,  with  a  fine  issued  if  the  speed  of  the  car  exceeds  the  limit  for  more  than  10  seconds.  the  technology  also  holds  the  potential  to  relay  information  regarding  accidents  and  traffic  jams,  allowing  traffic  to  be  rerouted.  an  extensive  camera  system  in  amsterdam  relays  data  regarding  the  traffic  situation  to  a  central  control  point,  allowing  authorities  to  warn  motorists  of  incidents  ahead  or  adverse  weather  conditions.such  technology  has  a  combined  preventative  and  deterrent  effect  on  motorists  committing
__label__situationalsurveillance traffic  violations.  by  controlling  the  speed  of  vehicles,  authorities  may  minimize  one  of  the  more  common  risk  factors  in  vehicular  crashes.  similarly,  by  monitoring  the  location  of  vehicles  through  a  mix  of  gps  and  camera  technology,  authorities  are  able  to  react  in  real  time  to  minimize  heavy  traffic  incidents  and  therefore  the  likelihood  of  crashes.  such  technology  also  enables  police  and  emergency  authorities  to  respond  instantly  to  accidents  that  may  occur.  the  extended  reach  of  the  long  arm  of  the  law  could  thus  improve  traffic  management  and  efficiency,  reducing  energy  consumption  and  improving  civilians  safety.there  is  criticism  of  the  use
__label__situationalsurveillance of  smart  city  technology  for  proactive  policing.  the  constant  monitoring  of  every  vehicles  location  couples  with  the  panopticonlike  concept  of  continuous  law  enforcement  and  introduces  a  level  of  individualistic  paternalism,  where  citizens  are  deemed  incapable  of  obeying  traffic  laws  voluntarily.  more  controversially,  gps  tracking  and  camera  monitoring  may  be  inappropriately  suited  to  other  highrisk  behaviour  such  as  drunk  driving  and  fatigue,  which  are  also  major  factors  in  traffic  accidents.  there  are  also  implementation  difficulties,  as  older  vehicles  lacking  gps  equipment  would  not  appear  in  data  streams,  severely  reducing  the  accuracy  of  potential  analyses.  there  is  also  the  risk  of  arbitrariness
__label__situationalsurveillance within  proactive  policing.  gpsbased  speeding  enforcement  would  hold  an  individual  driving  above  the  speed  limit  for  9  seconds  innocent  whilst  exceeding  the  limit  for  10  seconds  would  constitute  an  offence.  such  arbitrary  measures  do  not  account  for  the  differences  in  car  performance  and  remove  discretion  from  law  enforcement.  extrapolating  this  lack  of  discretion  across  multiple  areas  of  criminal  law,  with  automatic  enforcement  being  implemented  as  the  norm,  the  potential  for  unfair  outcomes  and  public  dissatisfaction  with  such  technology  becomes  evident,  due  to  the  relatively  high  risk  of  nonaccountability  by  governments  using  these  methods.  predictive  policing  predictive  techniques  in  policing  are
__label__situationalsurveillance not  new,  as  search  warrants  are  a  preexisting  example  of  authorities  acting  on  the  basis  of  suspicion  and  prediction  in  contemporary  communities  in  the  context  of  smart  cities,  predictive  policing  is  the  use  of  data  analytics  to  determine  potential  locations  of  future  crime.  this  data  collection  often  occurs  through  smartphones  carried  around  by  urban  populations.  through  locationbased  services  in  smartphones,  the  movements  of  individuals  can  be  tracked  and  scrutinized  by  authorities.  this  has  the  potential  to  be  particularly  effective  in  crowd  control.  by  comparing  the  different  velocities  of  individual  smartphone  users  within  a  certain  location,  it  is  possible  for  law
__label__situationalsurveillance enforcement  authorities  to  ascertain  crowd  density.  this  allows  for  targeted  crowd  management  and  prediction  of  dangers  related  to  excessive  crowding.  police  are  thus  able  to  take  appropriate  action  such  as  information  broadcasting  in  order  to  reduce  the  threat  of  injuries  from  incidents  such  as  crowd  stampedes,  as  well  as  crowd  related  crime  such  as  thefts  from  occurring.this  type  of  policing  also  allows  for  law  enforcement  agencies  to  predict  where,  when  or  by  whom  a  crime  may  occur  in  the  future  and  respond  accordingly.  big  data  analytical  tools  are  used  to  identify  patterns  in  crime,  allowing  authorities  to  map  high  risk
__label__situationalsurveillance areas,  times  and  days  for  certain  types  of  crime.  through  such  software,  police  are  also  able  to  create  profiles  of  potential  criminals  and  associated  behaviours.  developments  in  technology  within  smart  cities  allow  for  the  scope  of  predictions  to  be  increased  as  well  as  the  types  of  responses  available  to  law  enforcement  bodies.experiments  conducted  in  response  to  a  predictive  policing  algorithm  based  on  crime  data  in  santa  cruz,  california,  enabled  police  officers  to  identify  the  most  likely  time  and  place  within  a  certain  locality  for  a  particular  crime  to  be  committed.  this  allowed  for  targeted  patrols  to  be  made  with  a
__label__situationalsurveillance 4  percent  decline  in  burglaries  and  13  additional  arrests  being  recorded  within  the  first  6  months.  these  figures  are  preliminary  however,  and  do  not  account  for  unreported  crime  or  crime  that  was  prevented  through  increased  police  presence.although  it  is  possible  to  envisage  such  law  enforcement  intervention  as  becoming  the  norm  where  smart  city  surveillance  technologies  have  been  adopted  and  implemented,  predictive  policing  has  raised  a  number  of  legal  and  nonlegal  controversies.  firstly,  the  level  of  criminal  activity  in  a  particular  area  sufficient  to  warrant  extra  patrols  is  unclear  when  predicting  the  commission  of  offences.  the  point  at  which  the  probability
__label__situationalsurveillance of  crime  becomes  statistically  significant  is  one  which  legal  scholars  and  courts  alike  have  had  trouble  defining.  within  this  framework,  there  is  a  degree  of  arbitrariness  upon  which  the  weight  of  the  predictive  data  analysis  must  be  considered,  as  high  crime  areas  can  only  be  defined  with  reference  to  low  levels  of  crime.further,  in  the  united  states,  searches  and  arrests  must  be  made  on  grounds  of  reasonable  suspicion  under  the  fourth  amendment.  this  means  that  officers  must  be  able  to  point  to  specific  and  articulable  facts  that  warrant  the  intrusion,  or  make  a  predictive  judgment  that  the  person  is  in
__label__situationalsurveillance possession  of  an  item  that  related  to  the  commission  of  an  offence.  similar  protections,  though  not  constitutionally  based,  exist  in  australia  as  well  as  the  uk.  the  latter  was  confirmed  as  binding  by  the  european  court  of  human  rights  on  a  number  of  european  nations,  which  includes  civil  law  states.  the  ability  to  formulate  such  reasonable  suspicion  on  the  basis  of  big  data  algorithms  is  controversial,  with  some  critics  arguing  that  in  the  absence  of  active  police  corroboration  of  predictive  forecasts,  there  are  insufficient  grounds  to  warrant  an  arrest.  further,  the  general  nature  of  predictive  forecasts  is  arguably  incompatible  with
__label__situationalsurveillance the  acceptable  standards  outlined  by  the  united  states  supreme  court  with  respect  to  specific  individuals.  patterns  of  crime  generated  through  data  analytics  are  unlikely  to  generate  the  level  of  accurate  predictive  detail  required  for  police  officers  to  effect  an  arrest,  when  compared  to  informed  tip  offs.  while  in  the  us,  courts  have  allowed  profiling  to  be  used  in  stopping  and  searching  persons  in  the  right  context,  notable  judicial  dissents  and  academic  research  highlight  that  profiling  lacks  probative  value.  in  the  uk,  a  house  of  lords  report  recommended  that  such  technology  be  prohibited  from  use  by  local  authorities,  unless  they  were
__label__situationalsurveillance tied  to  the  investigation  of  serious  criminal  offenses.  in  addition,  a  major  factor  in  europe  is  that  predictive  policing  technology  must  be  exercised  in  accordance  with  legislation  that  is  sufficiently  clear  on  the  scope  of  use  foreseeability  and  affords  persons  adequate  legal  protection  from  arbitrary  uses  of  predictive  data  algorithms.nonlegal  controversies  also  arise  over  the  passive  discrimination  that  predictive  policing  programs  can  generate.  in  new  york,  a  datadriven  stop  and  frisk  program  was  aborted  after  a  us  district  court  found  that  the  program  constituted  racial  profiling.  roughly  83  of  persons  stopped  under  the  program  were  persons  of  colour.  this  discrimination
__label__situationalsurveillance was  masked  through  the  noise  generated  by  mass  data  analysis,  leading  some  academics  to  state  that  the  number  of  factors  within  predictive  policing  algorithms  may  result  in  conflicting  data  and  biased  sampling.  the  european  court  of  human  rights  has  also  acknowledged  the  disproportionate  targeting  of  search  powers  against  persons  of  colour  in  the  uk,  highlighting  the  dangers  of  smart  city  technology  in  predictive  policing.  mass  surveillance  the  concept  of  smart  cities  is  inherently  tied  to  mass  surveillance.  the  benefits  derived  from  smart  city  technology  are  dependent  on  constant  data  flows  captured  and  aggregated  by  sensors,  cameras  and  tracking  applications.  this
__label__situationalsurveillance persistence  surveillance  however,  raises  a  number  of  privacy  issues.  mass  surveillance  through  big  data  acts  in  a  manner  that  reduces  urban  anonymity,  due  to  the  breadth  of  information  and  potential  uses  which  can  be  extrapolated  when  multiple  data  streams  are  analysed  together  by  a  single  governmental  entity.  advocates  of  smart  cities  such  as  vint  cerf  state  that  this  is  akin  to  the  level  of  privacy  experienced  in  small  towns.  in  contrast,  critics  state  that  information  sharing  in  smart  cities  has  shifted  from  horizontal  information  flows  between  citizens  to  a  vertical,  unilateral  process  between  citizen  and  government,  reflecting  concerns  about  panopticism.
__label__situationalsurveillance data  collection  smart  city  applications  often  collate  and  analyse  distinct  sources  of  data  in  order  to  improve  government  services  to  operate  more  efficiently  and  effectively.  urban  residents  have  few  alternatives  other  than  to  subscribe  to  these  services,  particularly  when  making  use  of  essential  infrastructure,  and  thus  indirectly  and  involuntarily  consent  to  the  sensors  and  surveillance  technologies  deployed  throughout  the  urban  environment  through  the  mere  act  of  residency.  in  amsterdam,  wireless  meters  collect  data  about  energy  usage,  while  the  mobypark  app  allows  for  the  advertisement  and  renting  of  available  parking  spaces.  the  information  collected  across  these  and  over  70  other  projects
__label__situationalsurveillance in  amsterdam  is  stored  by  the  city  of  amsterdam  via  a  common  ip  infrastructure.  considering  that  data  from  these  services  is  accessible  by  a  primary  governmental  body  it  allows  for  the  possibility  of  data  which  is  collected  from  these  distinct  sources  to  be  aggregated.  big  data  analysis  big  data  often  refers  to  the  use  of  data  analysis  and  mapping  algorithms  generate  valuable  insights  from  seemingly  disparate  datasets.  the  implications  of  applying  such  analysis  to  aggregated  data  sets  are  that  they  allow  for  a  more  holistic  view  of  the  needs  of  a  particular  community  to  be  formed.  within  smart  cities,  this
__label__situationalsurveillance data  can  be  used  as  a  reflexive  tool  when  implemented  within  the  urban  ict  framework  allowing  the  government  to  better  meet  the  goals  of  smart  cities  improved  livability,  efficiency  and  sustainability.  such  benefits  were  found  in  barcelona,  where  tracking  of  residents  commuting  patterns  led  to  a  revamp  and  simplification  of  the  citys  bus  routes.  combined  with  the  implementation  of  smart  traffic  lights  that  allow  for  central  control,  buses  in  barcelona  now  run  to  a  schedule  that  attempts  to  minimize  the  amount  of  time  spent  waiting  at  traffic  lights.big  data  analysis  is  not  without  flaws  in  its  approach  this  is  particularly
__label__situationalsurveillance true  when  applied  to  law  enforcement,  or  where  data  is  collected  without  the  willing  cooperation  and  consent  of  parties  involved.  critics  argue  that  there  is  an  element  of  mythology  surrounding  big  data  that  larger  data  sets  offer  deeper  insights  into  urban  issues  with  higher  levels  of  accuracy  and  objectivity.  reliability  the  increasing  significance  attributed  to  big  data  analytics,  particularly  within  smart  cities,  gives  rise  to  a  situation  where  government  bodies  place  an  almost  faithbased  reliance  upon  the  veracity  of  results  that  have  been  predicted  by  analyzing  surveilled  data.in  the  absence  of  critical  insight  however,  reliance  on  data  alone  has  little
__label__situationalsurveillance support,  as  seen  in  the  legal  doctrine  of  reasonable  suspicion.  traditionally,  decisions  to  apprehend  or  search  an  individual  in  sole  reliance  upon  personal  hunches  were  deemed  to  fail  the  legal  standard  of  reasonable  cause.  in  this  regard,  it  is  difficult  to  see  how  datadriven  hunches  can  be  considered  more  reliable.  both  elicit  assumptions  being  made  based  on  inferences  drawn  from  observable  data,  which  can  be  falsified  or  otherwise  inaccurate,  undermining  the  integrity  of  the  process.critics  of  the  increasing  role  played  by  databased  surveillance  for  the  purposes  of  law  enforcement  foresee  that  such  reliance  could  lead  to  issues  in  prosecuting  individuals
__label__situationalsurveillance based  on  a  probabilitybased  crime  system.  furthermore,  such  a  system  holds  the  potential  for  conclusions  to  be  drawn  by  attributing  weighting  to  certain  characteristics  of  an  individual  an  approach  which  could  inadvertently  mask  any  discriminatory  agendas  held  by  law  enforcement  bodies  potentially  targeting  certain  minorities.  adding  to  the  potential  for  discrimination,  many  big  data  algorithms  often  create  new  categories  that  exceed  the  scope  of  regulations  designed  to  prevent  against  the  unfair  or  discriminatory  use  of  data.outside  law  enforcement,  critics  argue  that  smart  cities  facilitate  a  shift  to  egovernance  platforms,  often  at  the  expense  of  physical  interactions  with  citizens.  while  egovernance
__label__situationalsurveillance can  improve  service  delivery  and  expand  the  ability  to  collect  data  from  a  single  platform,  such  processes  may  be  at  the  expense  of  competitiveness  and  based  merely  on  a  technology  push  for  more  data  sources  and  aggregation  mechanisms.  as  a  result,  the  desire  for  increased  surveillance  undermines  a  fundamental  aim  of  most  smart  cities  to  improve  efficiency  and  effectiveness,  as  the  citizens  desire  for  certain  ict  applications  is  ignored  at  the  expense  of  further  data  aggregation.  an  example  of  this  controversy  has  arisen  in  the  uk,  where  proposals  for  a  scottish  identity  card  were  met  with  public  outcry,  while  similar
__label__situationalsurveillance cards  have  been  implemented  in  southampton  with  little  trouble,  as  many  city  services  are  provided  in  exchange  for  data  collection.  privacy  and  autonomy  the  normalization  of  the  collection  and  aggregation  of  big  data  by  governments  raises  issues  of  privacy  and  autonomy.  part  of  this  is  fuelled  by  feature  creep,  where  technologies  and  applications  that  were  perceived  to  be  creepy  until  recently  have  now  become  socially  acceptable.  much  of  the  concern  surrounds  the  inconvenience  and  inability  for  citizens  to  opt  out  of  new  technologies  where  they  form  part  of  essential  government  services,  as  there  are  few  alternatives.  should  an  individual  wish
__label__situationalsurveillance to  appear  off  the  grid  they  are  forced  to  employ  a  range  of  tedious  measures  such  as  paying  in  cash  only  and  not  utilizing  a  mobile  phone  in  order  to  reduce  their  data  footprint.  despite  this,  such  tactics  would  only  minimize  and  not  eliminate  their  collectable  data.privacy  concerns  are  raised  where  the  data  collected  may  be  capable  of  linking  to  or  identifying  an  individual,  particularly  when  collated  from  multiple  information  sources.  the  storage  of  data  by  governments  remains  opaque,  while  the  potential  for  crosssharing  data  across  government  services  often  means  that  data  is  accessible  by  parties  that  the  provider  did
__label__situationalsurveillance not  intend  to  share  the  data  with.  by  mere  participation  as  a  member  of  an  urban  community,  particularly  through  the  use  of  essential  urban  services  and  infrastructure,  an  individual  is  placed  at  risk  of  having  their  data  shared  amongst  multiple  platforms  and  users.  while  individually  such  data  may  not  identify  the  person  providing  it,  when  combined  with  other  data  in  the  set,  such  data  may  be  considered  as  personally  identifiable  information  pii,  and  thus  fall  under  strict  privacy  laws.  the  constantly  evolving  uses  of  smart  cities  technology  do  not  often  fit  neatly  into  privacy  law  frameworks,  which  may  be  extremely
__label__situationalsurveillance broad,  like  in  australia,  where  a  discussion  paper  published  by  the  australian  law  reform  commission  confirmed  that  anonymised  data  may  still  be  pii.  similar  regimes  exist  in  the  united  states  and  the  european  union  see:  data  protection  directive.  in  europe,  government  technology  that  interferes  on  privacy  must  be  based  on  a  pressing  social  need  or  otherwise  necessary  in  a  democratic  society  and  be  proportional  to  the  legitimate  aims  espoused.  this  means  that  authorities  implementing  smart  cities  regimes  are  at  risk  of  violating  privacy  laws  if  appropriate  safeguards  are  not  taken.  the  european  court  of  human  rights  has  held  that  surveillance
__label__situationalsurveillance mechanisms  including  those  implemented  in  smart  cities  technologies  can  violate  the  right  to  privacy,  especially  where  domestic  legislation  does  not  define  the  scope  or  manner  of  surveillance.  conversely,  individuals  may  find  that  their  data  has  been  used  illegally  in  the  implementation  of  smart  cities  technology.  as  much  smart  city  technology  is  based  on  open  platforms  that  are  often  outsourced  to  private  citizens  and  corporations,  there  are  massive  risks  that  pii  may  be  unlawfully  shared  to  third  parties.  compounded  with  the  relative  opaqueness  of  data  storage  by  governments,  critics  argue  that  individual  privacy  can  be  curtailed  massively  through  residence  in  a
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  city  with  little  recourse  for  individuals.government  surveillance  is  arguably  driven  by  paternalistic  desires  to  protect  citizens,  however  the  individualistic  and  tailormade  benefits  delivered  by  smart  city  technology  may  reduce  autonomy.  this  holds  particularly  true  in  light  of  the  shift  towards  predictive  policing  that  occurs  within  the  smart  city  environment.  whilst  nobly  intended,  such  unilateral  actions  by  a  government  may  be  seen  as  oppressive  with  the  omnipotent  role  assumed  by  the  government  seen  as  giving  rise  to  that  of  a  panoptic  institution.  modern  cities  are  increasingly  valuing  privacy  and  digital  security,  as  evidenced  by  the  latest  the  economist  safest  cities
__label__situationalsurveillance index  2015,  where  a  digital  security  metric  was  incorporated  alongside  traditional  measures  of  safety  such  as  personal  security  and  health.  panopticism  the  english  philosopher  jeremy  bentham  created  a  circular  prison  design,  known  as  the  panopticon,  whereby  prisoners  knew  that  they  were  capable  of  being  observed  at  any  time  without  their  knowledge  thus  affording  the  prison  officers  a  position  of  omnipresence.the  french  philosopher  michel  foucault  reconceptualized  the  notion  of  a  panopticon  as  a  metaphor  for  a  disciplinary  society,  wherein  power  relations  and  imbalances  can  be  defined  and  reinforced.  in  such  a  society  power  is  seen  to  approach  its  ideal  form  by
__label__situationalsurveillance increasing  the  number  of  people  who  can  be  controlled.in  this  regard,  the  development  of  smart  cities  and  the  resulting  increase  in  the  surveillance  capacity  of  the  government  gives  rise  to  conditions  which  mirror  that  of  the  disciplinary  society  described  by  foucault.  to  this  end,  the  development  of  smart  cities  are  seen  by  its  critics  to  foreshadow  a  larger  societal  shift  particularly  the  role  adopted  by  the  government  towards  mass  surveillance,  paternalism,  discipline  and  punishment  as  a  means  to  attain  social  order,  particularly  in  the  united  states,  where  the  internet  of  things  is  being  used  to  collect  increasingly  specific  data.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance commodification  of  surveillance  in  exchange  for  services  has  tended  to  normalise  data  collection  and  create  indifference  to  panoptic  developments  in  technology.  one  of  the  major  issues  with  panopticism  in  the  smart  cities  context  is  that  the  surveillance  gaze  is  mediated  by  the  selective  biases  of  the  operators  of  any  application  or  technology,  as  was  shown  by  a  study  on  the  use  of  cctv  cameras  in  the  uk,  where  the  usual  suspects  tended  to  be  targeted  more  frequently.  in  durban,  this  panoptic  gaze  extends  based  on  cctv  operator  intuition  due  to  a  normalisation  of  the  characteristics  of  criminals.  compounding  these  issues,
__label__situationalsurveillance digitally  based  panopticism  usually  views  the  visibility  of  undesirable  characteristics  as  the  problem,  and  often  fails  to  adequately  address  matters  that  are  invisible  to  the  surveillance  gaze.  police  state  if  a  shift  toward  mass  surveillance  came  to  fruition,  it  could  give  rise  to  the  development  of  an  electronic  police  state  as  a  result  of  the  increased  surveillance  capabilities  and  law  enforcement  activities.  this  represents  a  distinct  narrowing  of  the  purpose  of  surveillance  to  that  of  maintaining  social  order  via  improved  law  enforcement.  van  brakel  argues  that  these  changes  have  already  taken  place,  and  that  the  focus  of  police  has  gradually
__label__situationalsurveillance moved  towards  frontloading  their  intelligence  systems  with  relevant  knowledge  that  can  be  later  sorted  and  used,.  supporting  this  institutionalised  shift,  the  house  of  lords  in  the  uk  argued  in  2009  that  an  advantage  of  surveillance  activities  is  the  ability  for  the  government  to  provide  a  more  tailored  approach  to  governance,  and  by  extension,  law  enforcement.  solutions  in  seeking  a  middle  ground  between  the  societal  benefits  afforded  by  big  data  and  the  resulting  loss  of  privacy  and  autonomy,  academics  have  proposed  a  number  of  solutions.  deakin  argues  that  smart  cities  are  not  simply  those  that  utilize  ict,  but  where  such  intelligence
__label__situationalsurveillance is  tailored  to  meet  the  needs  of  citizens  through  community  and  environmental  drivers.  komninos  refers  to  the  three  layers  of  intelligence  in  smart  cities  as  the  artificial  intelligence  of  smart  city  infrastructure,  the  collective  intelligence  of  the  citys  institutions  and  the  intelligence  of  the  citys  populations.  by  integrating  these  layers  in  the  implementation  process,  smart  cities  may  be  able  to  overcome  the  issues  of  government  opacity  that  plague  them.  one  of  the  issues  with  establishing  a  legal  framework  for  smart  city  technology  is  determining  whether  to  take  a  technologyspecific  or  technologyneutral  approach.  many  technologies  have  developed  too  rapidly  to  be
__label__situationalsurveillance covered  by  a  single  technologyspecific  regime,  while  a  technologyneutral  approach  risks  being  too  ambiguous  to  encourage  use  or  development  of  the  regulated  technology.  further,  most  applications  are  too  benign  to  be  regulated,  while  other  more  controversial  technologies  tend  to  be  enabled  by  the  creation  of  legislation,  such  as  the  regulation  of  investigatory  powers  act  2000,  which  established  scenarios  where  police  were  able  to  carry  out  surveillance,  with  or  without  authorisation.  a  challenge  to  these  laws  is  currently  pending  in  the  european  court  of  human  rights,  reinforcing  the  difficulty  of  establishing  a  suitable  legal  regime.  one  potential  legal  solution  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance uk  has  been  the  development  of  the  tort  of  misuse  of  private  information,  which  the  english  court  of  appeal  held  could  potentially  be  breached  by  data  collection,  for  which  damages  may  be  claimed.studies  conducted  by  deakin  and  campbell  in  2005  identified  three  types  of  interaction  between  citizens  and  smart  cities.  they  concluded  that  citizens  desire  accessible  and  reliable  information  and  seamless  and  responsive  governments  during  transactions.  further,  any  consultation  with  the  community  needed  to  be  transparent  and  based  on  democratic  engagement  and  accountability.  bennett  moses  et  al.  hold  that  the  success  of  datadriven  technologies  is  based  on  technical,  social  and
__label__situationalsurveillance normative  dimensions.  this  means  that  smart  city  technologies  must  satisfy  citizens  of  their  effectiveness,  have  a  major  beneficial  impact  that  encourages  uptake  and  align  with  generally  acceptable  ethics  and  values.  access  a  potential  solution  to  bridge  the  divide  between  the  competing  benefits  and  costs  of  big  data  surveillance  is  to  turn  the  management  of  personal  information  into  a  joint  venture.  increasing  awareness  of  how,  where  and  why  data  is  collected  by  the  government  establishes  the  groundwork  for  a  nonadversarial  approach  to  the  use  of  data  within  smart  cities.  this  process  minimizes  perceptions  of  secrecy,  and  cities  that  invest  in  multiple
__label__situationalsurveillance points  of  access,  such  as  barcelona  with  its  open  government  platform  have  seen  growth  in  the  use  of  smart  city  applications.furthermore,  this  process  has  developed  to  allow  individuals  to  access  their  own  data  in  a  usable  format,  as  seen  through  barcelonas  open  data  project.  in  this  way  autonomy  is  regained  both  in  relation  to  awareness  of  how  an  individual  is  affected  by  the  collection  of  data  as  well  as  participation  in  the  actual  application  of  this  data  to  generate  information,  as  new  technologies  are  developed.  accountability  in  addition  to  general  awareness  of  the  intended  purpose  of  data  collection  before  the
__label__situationalsurveillance fact,  accountability  processes  after  the  fact  are  also  required.  a  potential  measure  is  for  responsible  parties  to  be  notified  where  some  sort  of  discriminatory  decision  is  made,  thus  allowing  appropriate  action  to  be  taken.  in  datadriven  processes,  particularly  in  the  fields  of  law  enforcement,  it  is  difficult  to  attribute  responsibility  to  a  single  body  or  source,  as  often  the  information  is  derived  from  a  number  of  different  locations.  further,  opacity  is  often  essential  to  predictive  policing  technologies,  as  transparency  may  encourage  potential  offenders  to  alter  their  behaviour  to  avoid  detection.transparency  processes  however  remain  crucial  to  ensure  that  a  panoptic  view
__label__situationalsurveillance or  electronic  police  state  cannot  be  imposed,  as  it  allows  for  a  review  of  how  decisions  are  made  in  relation  to  them  and  what  criteria  this  is  based  upon.  accountability  is  particularly  relevant  in  the  implementation  stage  implementation  the  implementation  stage  of  smart  city  technology  is  considered  to  be  crucial,  as  the  applications  and  platforms  must  be  grounded  in  the  social  capital,  environmental  and  cultural  attributes  of  the  communities  they  represent.  paskaleva  notes  that  egovernance  platforms  are  particularly  suited  to  democratically  generating  community  support  where  residents  are  able  to  participate  in  the  decision  making  and  implementation  process.  confirming  this,  studies
__label__situationalsurveillance by  deakin  et  al.  highlight  that  community  backlash  to  smart  city  technology  is  minimized  where  egovernment  services  are  codesigned  by  governments  and  communities.  an  example  of  collaboration  at  an  extreme  level  was  seen  in  bletchley  park,  where  the  nazi  enigma  cypher  was  decoded  in  what  is  often  referred  to  as  the  first  smart  city.  more  recently,  citizen  participation  has  been  encouraged  in  edinburgh,  where  citizens  are  invited  to  ict  taster  sessions  in  local  venues,  enabling  them  to  learn  about  the  planning,  development  and  design  of  new  smart  city  technologies.  such  partnerships  incorporate  elements  of  democracy  and  highlight  how  digitally  inclusive
__label__situationalsurveillance decision  making  generates  the  requisite  level  of  trust  to  support  the  implementation  of  smart  city  technology.  trust  acts  as  an  empowering  and  engaging  mechanism  for  citizens  according  to  finch  and  tene.  this  empowerment  intelligence  allows  citizens  to  upskill  and  assist  in  the  development  of  innovative  smart  city  networks,  addressing  areas  not  contemplated  by  authorities.  in  hong  kong,  such  development  takes  place  in  the  cyberport  zone,  while  in  amsterdam,  smart  citizens  labs  are  designed  for  interaction  between  citizens  and  government.  these  mechanisms  have  resulted  in  large  levels  of  enthusiasm  for  smart  city  technology,  as  evidenced  by  the  numerous  crowdsourced  amsterdam  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance city  projects  to  date.the  triple  helix  model  for  smart  cities,  combining  university,  industry  and  government  in  the  development  process  is  regarded  as  a  potential  benchmark  for  smart  city  development  and  implementation.  kourtit  et  al.  advance  that  this  model  implements  the  knowledge  generated  from  collaboration  to  tailor  smart  city  applications  to  market  needs.  empirical  studies  conducted  on  smart  cities  in  the  netherlands  compared  the  level  of  ict  penetration  to  the  citys  level  of  smartness  under  the  triple  helix  metric,  finding  a  strong  positive  correlation.  a  live  example  of  the  triple  helix  model  in  practice  can  be  seen  in  the  kista  science
__label__situationalsurveillance city  business  cluster  in  stockholm.  underpinned  by  the  stokab  model  of  government  provisioned  dark  fibre,  more  than  1000  companies  including  multinational  ericsson,  the  royal  institute  of  technology  kth  and  stockholm  university  reside  in  kista,  which  has  grown  to  become  the  largest  corporate  area  in  sweden.  the  success  of  kista  highlights  the  usefulness  of  the  triple  helix  model  in  smart  city  implementation  and  provides  a  potential  platform  for  cities  seeking  to  introduce  smart  city  technology  in  a  manner  that  optimizes  resident  uptake.  anonymity  when  considering  the  potential  for  privacy  law  breaches,  particularly  within  the  smart  cities  context  containing  a  vast  scope
__label__situationalsurveillance of  data  that  is  available  to  the  government,  data  may  often  need  to  be  deidentified  to  maintain  privacy.  whilst  this  may  make  it  difficult  to  reconcile  data  collected  from  multiple  services,  it  could  still  allow  for  the  useful  collection  and  aggregation  of  data  for  defined  purposes.  the  ecaf  system  common  assessment  framework,  where  a  database  of  all  children  assessed  by  government  services  including  police,  social  services  and  schools  is  maintained  by  the  uk  government,  highlights  how  anonymity  is  fading  due  to  datadriven  technologies.  the  system  allows  authorities  to  predict  which  children  will  commit  crime  in  the  future  and  allow  them
__label__situationalsurveillance to  intervene,  based  on  a  number  of  risk  factors  and  profiling.  it  is  evident  that  citizens  captured  by  the  database  as  children  will  no  longer  be  anonymous  members  of  society.  given  the  potential  government  presumption  that  parties  unwilling  to  share  their  information  are  inherently  suspicious,  the  difficulty  of  maintaining  anonymity  in  modern  smart  cities  is  clearly  quite  high.  see  also  indect  references
__label__situationalsurveillance an  internet  protocol  camera,  or  ip  camera,  is  a  type  of  digital  video  camera  that  receives  control  data  and  sends  image  data  via  the  internet.  they  are  commonly  used  for  surveillance.  unlike  analog  closedcircuit  television  cctv  cameras,  they  require  no  local  recording  device,  but  only  a  local  area  network.  most  ip  cameras  are  webcams,  but  the  term  ip  camera  or  netcam  usually  applies  only  to  those  used  for  surveillance  that  can  be  directly  accessed  over  a  network  connection.some  ip  cameras  require  support  of  a  central  network  video  recorder  nvr  to  handle  the  recording,  video  and  alarm  management.  others  are  able
__label__situationalsurveillance to  operate  in  a  decentralized  manner  with  no  nvr  needed,  as  the  camera  is  able  to  record  directly  to  any  local  or  remote  storage  media.  the  first  centralized  ip  camera  was  axis  neteye  200,  released  in  1996  by  axis  communications.  history  the  first  centralized  ip  camera,  the  axis  neteye  200,  was  released  in  1996  by  axis  communications  and  was  developed  by  the  team  of  martin  gren  and  carlaxel  alm.  though  promoted  based  on  its  direct  accessibility  from  anywhere  with  an  internet  connection,  the  camera  couldnt  stream  realtime  motion  video,  but  was  limited  to  a  snapshot  image  each  time  the  camera
__label__situationalsurveillance was  accessed.  at  the  time  of  launch,  it  was  considered  incapable  of  operating  as  a  motion  camera  due  to  what  was,  at  the  time,  enormous  bandwidth  requirements.  thus  it  was  aimed  primarily  at  the  tourism  industry.  the  axis  neteye  200  was  not  intended  to  replace  traditional  analogue  cctv  systems,  given  that  its  capability  was  limited  to  just  one  frame  per  second  in  cif,  or  one  every  17  seconds  in  4cif  resolution,  with  a  maximum  resolution  quality  of  0.1mp  352x288.  axis  used  a  custom  proprietary  web  server  named  osys,  yet  by  the  summer  of  1998,  it  had  started  porting  the  camera
__label__situationalsurveillance software  to  linux.  axis  also  released  documentation  for  its  lowlevel  application  programming  interface  api  called  vapix,  which  builds  on  the  open  standards  of  http  and  real  time  streaming  protocol  rtsp.  this  open  architecture  was  intended  to  encourage  thirdparty  software  manufacturers  to  develop  compatible  management  and  recording  software.the  first  decentralized  ip  camera  was  released  in  1999  by  mobotix.  the  cameras  linux  system  contained  video,  alarm,  and  recording  management  functions.  the  first  ip  camera  with  onboard  video  content  analytics  vca  was  released  in  2005  by  intellio.  this  camera  was  able  to  detect  a  number  of  different  events,  such  as  if  an  object
__label__situationalsurveillance was  stolen,  a  human  crossed  a  line,  a  human  entered  a  predefined  zone,  or  if  a  car  moved  in  the  wrong  direction.  standards  previous  generations  of  analog  cctv  cameras  use  established  broadcast  television  formats  e.g.  common  intermediate  format  cif,  ntsc,  pal,  and  secam.  since  2000,  there  has  been  a  shift  in  the  consumer  tv  business  towards  highdefinition  hd  resolutions  e.g.  1080p  fullhd,  4k  resolution  ultrahd  and  16:9  widescreen  format.  ip  cameras  may  differ  from  one  another  in  resolution,  features,  video  encoding  schemes,  available  network  protocols,  and  the  api  for  video  management  software.  ip  cameras  are  available  at  resolutions  from  0.3
__label__situationalsurveillance vga  resolution  to  29  megapixels.to  address  ip  video  surveillance  standardization  issues,  two  industry  groups  formed  in  2008:  the  open  network  video  interface  forum  onvif  and  the  physical  security  interoperability  alliance  psia.  psia  was  founded  by  20  member  companies  including  honeywell,  ge  security,  and  cisco.  onvif  was  founded  by  axis  communications,  bosch  and  sony.  each  group  now  has  numerous  additional  members.  cameras  and  recording  hardware  that  operate  under  the  same  standard  can  work  with  each  other.  wifi  home  camera  wifi  home  camera  is  the  ip  cameras  that  are  sitting  in  the  homes,  and  that  utilize  high  speed  broadband  internet  access  to
__label__situationalsurveillance capture  and  transmit  highdefinition  video  .  the  gap  of  ip  camera  used  in  small  business  and  home  is  diminishing.  current  home  security  camera  can  be  used  in  small  business  due  to  its  easy  installation,  that  translates  no  installers  required  so  its  far  more  cost  and  time  savings.  the  exception  is  to  monitor  large  businesses  or  commercial  space  like  a  mall.  some  will  require  super  high  resolution  videos  ie  4k  and  will  a  great  many  cameras  like  hundreds  and  professional  applications  to  accommodate  these  type  of  needs.  one  of  most  popular  applications  is  the  wifi  home  security  cameras  allows  users  to
__label__situationalsurveillance remotely  view  their  homes  indoors  and  outdoors  via  an  mobile  app  installed  on  their  mobile  device.  most  cameras  offer  such  features  as  wide  angle  around  140  degree,  or  pan/tilt  up  to  350  degrees  horizontal,  90  degree  vertical,  low/night  vision,  and  motion  activation  notifications.  when  an  event  occurs,  users  will  receive  alarms  via  an  app.  video  clips  are  stored  in  the  local  device  if  a  microsd  is  present  or  on  the  cloud  computing  the  market  size  of  home  security  system  has  reached  4.8  billion  dollars  in  2018.  this  is  displayed  a  cagr  of  22.4  between  2011  an  2018.  countries  such  as
__label__situationalsurveillance including  uganda,  sweden,  italy,  and  tanzania  suffered  from  high  crime  rates  particularly  robbery  and  theft,  are  keen  to  adopting  the  home  security  cameras.  in  addition,  two  countries,  us  and  china,  have  high  implementation  rate  of  residential  security  cameras  .  major  key  players  in  home  security  market  are  nest  us,  ring  owned  by  amazon,  us,  arlo  owned  by  netgear,  us,  and  simplisafe  us.  hikvision  digital  technology  ltd  and  leshi  video  tech  china  are  the  largest  camera  manufacturers.  as  for  alarm  security  industry,  key  players  are  adt  inc.,  security  services  us,  vivint  inc,  and  front  point  security  solutions.  ip  camera  types  indoor
__label__situationalsurveillance camera:  indoor  camera  is  widely  used  at  residential,  and  commercial  retail/office  space.  depending  on  the  price  points  and  functionality,  they  are  fixed  camera  and  ptz  camera.  fixed  camera  is  utilized  to  monitor  an  unobtrusive  area  where  as  a  ptz  camera  can  either  track  motion  or  manually  adjust  the  monitoring  area.outdoor  wired  ac  powered  camera:  like  the  name  suggests,  outdoor  camera  is  placed  in  an  outdoor  environment  and  should  sustain  weather  conditions,  such  as  heat,  cold,  rain,  and  moisture.  the  ip65/ip  67  rated  are  common  standards  to  withstand  the  outdoor  circumstances.  outdoor  camera  is  also  capable  of  capturing  videos  in  low
__label__situationalsurveillance light  conditions.  wired  ac  powered  or  wired  free  cameras  for  homes:  wired  ac  power  wifi  cameras  provides  a  reliable  power  source  and  stable  signal.  however,  its  not  highly  desirable  and  accessible  to  place  power  outlets  on  the  roof  for  instance.  wired  free  camera,  on  contrary,  uses  wifi  connection  and  their  power  sources  like  solar  or  battery  no  power  cord.  there  is  no  hassle  of  wiring  and  drilling  in  area  not  easily  accessed  such  as  the  roof  top  or  above  the  garage  door.  wirefree  cameras  do  offer  the  convenience  of  free  from  hiring  a  contractor  to  wire  the  cables.  however,  it
__label__situationalsurveillance is  not  without  trade  offs.  there  is  a  need  to  change  battery  frequently,  or  important  video  footage  may  be  missed  due  to  lack  of  power.  there  is  one  more  risk  that  the  cameras  may  be  undesirably  removed  since  its  not  fully  secured  with  a  wire.  cloud  storage  or  stay  local?  some  camera  manufacturers  have  offered  cloud  subscriptions  where  users  may  view  and  download  the  video  clips  in  a  certain  number  of  days  looping  by  paying  recurring  subscription  fees.  cloudstored  videos  can  be  accessed  remotely.  cloud  subscription  plan  typically  comes  with  a  number  of  days  looping  ie  7  days,  and  the
__label__situationalsurveillance videos  will  be  overwritten  beyond  this  duration.some  cameras  include  a  micro  sd  card  slot  so  users  may  store  videos  locally.  there  is  no  looping  as  long  as  the  memory  card  has  sufficient  space  to  store  the  images.  however,  locally  stored  video  footage  can  not  be  accessed  remotely.  considerations  potential  benefits  previous  generation  cameras  transmitted  analog  video  signals.  ip  cameras  send  images  digitally  using  the  transmission  and  security  features  of  the  tcp/ip  protocol.  advantages  to  this  approach  include:twoway  audio  via  a  single  network  cable  allows  users  to  listen  to  and  speak  to  the  subject  of  the  video  e.g.,  a  clerk  assisting
__label__situationalsurveillance a  customer  through  stepbystep  instructionsuse  of  a  wifi  or  wireless  networkdistributed  artificial  intelligence  daias  the  camera  can  contain  video  analytics  that  analyze  imagessecure  data  transmission  through  encryption  and  authentication  methods  such  as  wpa  or  wpa2,  tkip  or  aesremote  accessibility  that  lets  users  view  live  video  from  any  device  with  sufficient  access  privilegespower  over  ethernet  poe  to  supply  power  through  the  ethernet  cable  and  operate  without  a  dedicated  power  supplybetter  image  resolution,  typically  four  times  the  resolution  of  an  analog  camera  artificial  intelligence  and  internet  privacy  the  american  civil  liberties  union  aclu  has  expressed  privacy  concerns  if  ai  is  widely  practiced.
__label__situationalsurveillance ai  is  capable  of  tracking  our  movements,  studying  our  behaviors;  moreover,  ai  may  learn  our  emotions,  and  further  predict  our  movement  of  patterns.  this  has  caused  a  threat  that  our  lives  are  being  monitored  by  computer  watchers.  facial  recognition  system  facial  recognition  may  identify  a  humans  face  by  using  the  facial  features  via  3d  biometrics  from  a  picture  or  video.  the  application  is  straight  forward.  if  the  camera  allows  users  to  set  up  a  database  that  includes  family  members  and  close  friends.  the  system  may  distinguish  whether  someone  exists  in  the  database.  the  system  is  rather  complex  when  considering  a
__label__situationalsurveillance wide  variety  of  factors  such  as  wearing  glasses,  changes  of  hairstyles,  and  even  different  lightings  during  the  day  and  night.  if  home  camera  is  capable  of  providing  accurate  facial  recognition,  it  shall  tell  the  person  walking  into  the  home  owners  door  is  either  a  family  member  or  an  intruder.  if  thats  the  later  one,  it  will  prepare  the  owner  to  call  a  law  enforcement  .  the  captured  videos,  rather  than  a  few  generic  motion  action  alarms,  may  be  provided  as  a  trace  to  catch  a  criminal.  this  is  will  further  enhanced  a  much  safer  environments  for  the  homeowners  and  deter
__label__situationalsurveillance crimes  from  happening.  potential  concerns  concerns  include:privacy  and  portrait  rights  infringementaverage  higher  purchase  cost  per  camerasecurity  can  be  compromised  by  insecure  credentials,  given  that  the  camera  can  be  accessed  independently  of  a  video  recorderpublic  internet  connection  video  can  be  complicated  to  set  up,  and  may  require  either  a  static  ip  address  or  a  dynamic  dns,  though  some  ip  cameras  include  a  builtin  dynamic  dns  or  using  the  peertopeer  p2p  network.data  storage  can  be  a  concern  with  ip  cameras,  requiring  large  hard  drives.  hacking  as  with  a  cctv/dvr  system,  if  the  video  is  transmitted  over  the  public  internet  rather  than  a
__label__situationalsurveillance private  network  or  intranet,  the  system  potentially  becomes  open  to  a  wider  audience  including  hackers.  criminals  can  hack  into  a  cctv  system  to  disable  or  manipulate  them  or  observe  security  measures  and  personnel,  thereby  facilitating  criminal  acts  and  rendering  the  surveillance  counterproductive.  this  can  be  counteracted  by  ensuring  the  network  and  device  is  secured  and  staying  informed  on  new  security  methods.  in  2012  users  of  4chan  hacked  into  thousands  of  streaming  personal  ip  cameras  by  exploiting  a  vulnerability  in  some  models  of  trendnet  home  security  cameras.  in  2014  it  was  reported  that  a  site  indexed  73,011  locations  worldwide  with  security
__label__situationalsurveillance cameras  that  were  unprotected  by  using  default  usernames  and  passwords.  see  also  closedcircuit  television  camera  cctvdashcam  continuous  video  recording  in  a  vehicletrail  camera  outdoor  digital  camera  that  operates  on  batteries  and  saves  motion  detected  images  to  an  sd  card  references  external  links
__label__situationalsurveillance security  is  freedom  from,  or  resilience  against,  potential  harm  or  other  unwanted  coercive  change  caused  by  others.  beneficiaries  technically  referents  of  security  may  be  of  persons  and  social  groups,  objects  and  institutions,  ecosystems  or  any  other  entity  or  phenomenon  vulnerable  to  unwanted  change.  security  mostly  refers  to  protection  from  hostile  forces,  but  it  has  a  wide  range  of  other  senses:  for  example,  as  the  absence  of  harm  e.g.  freedom  from  want;  as  the  presence  of  an  essential  good  e.g.  food  security;  as  resilience  against  potential  damage  or  harm  e.g.  secure  foundations;  as  secrecy  e.g.  a  secure  telephone  line;  as  containment
__label__situationalsurveillance e.g.  a  secure  room  or  cell;  and  as  a  state  of  mind  e.g.  emotional  security.the  term  is  also  used  to  refer  to  acts  and  systems  whose  purpose  may  be  to  provide  security  e.g.  security  forces;  security  guard;  cyber  security  systems;  security  cameras;  remote  guarding.  etymology  the  word  secure  entered  the  english  language  in  the  16th  century.  it  is  derived  from  latin  securus,  meaning  freedom  from  anxiety:  se  without  cura  care,  anxiety.  overview  referent  a  security  referent  is  the  focus  of  a  security  policy  or  discourse;  for  example,  a  referent  may  be  a  potential  beneficiary  or  victim  of  a  security  policy
__label__situationalsurveillance or  system.security  referents  may  be  persons  or  social  groups,  objects,  institutions,  ecosystems,  or  any  other  phenomenon  vulnerable  to  unwanted  change  by  the  forces  of  its  environment.  the  referent  in  question  may  combine  many  referents,  in  the  same  way  that,  for  example,  a  nation  state  is  composed  of  many  individual  citizens.  context  the  security  context  is  the  relationships  between  a  security  referent  and  its  environment.  from  this  perspective,  security  and  insecurity  depend  first  on  whether  the  environment  is  beneficial  or  hostile  to  the  referent,  and  also  how  capable  is  the  referent  of  responding  to  its/their  environment  in  order  to  survive  and
__label__situationalsurveillance thrive.  capabilities  the  means  by  which  a  referent  provides  for  security  or  is  provided  for  vary  widely.  they  include,  for  example:coercive  capabilities,  including  the  capacity  to  project  coercive  power  into  the  environment  e.g.  aircraft  carrier,  handgun,  firearms;protective  systems  e.g.  lock,  fence,  wall,  antivirus  software,  air  defence  system,  armourwarning  systems  e.g.  alarm,  radardiplomatic  and  social  action  intended  to  prevent  insecurity  from  developing  e.g.  conflict  prevention  and  transformation  strategies;  andpolicy  intended  to  develop  the  lasting  economic,  physical,  ecological  and  other  conditions  of  security  e.g.  economic  reform,  ecological  protection,  progressive  demilitarization,  militarization.  effects  any  action  intended  to  provide  security  may  have  multiple  effects.
__label__situationalsurveillance for  example,  an  action  may  have  wide  benefit,  enhancing  security  for  several  or  all  security  referents  in  the  context;  alternatively,  the  action  may  be  effective  only  temporarily,  or  benefit  one  referent  at  the  expense  of  another,  or  be  entirely  ineffective  or  counterproductive.  contested  approaches  approaches  to  security  are  contested  and  the  subject  of  debate.  for  example,  in  debate  about  national  security  strategies,  some  argue  that  security  depends  principally  on  developing  protective  and  coercive  capabilities  in  order  to  protect  the  security  referent  in  a  hostile  environment  and  potentially  to  project  that  power  into  its  environment,  and  dominate  it  to  the  point
__label__situationalsurveillance of  strategic  supremacy.  others  argue  that  security  depends  principally  on  building  the  conditions  in  which  equitable  relationships  can  develop,  partly  by  reducing  antagonism  between  actors,  ensuring  that  fundamental  needs  can  be  met,  and  also  that  differences  of  interest  can  be  negotiated  effectively.  contexts  of  security  examples  the  table  shows  some  of  the  main  domains  where  security  concerns  are  prominent.the  range  of  security  contexts  is  illustrated  by  the  following  examples  in  alphabetical  order:  computer  security  computer  security,  also  known  as  cybersecurity  or  it  security,  refers  to  the  security  of  computing  devices  such  as  computers  and  smartphones,  as  well  as  computer  networks
__label__situationalsurveillance such  as  private  and  public  networks,  and  the  internet.  the  field  has  growing  importance  due  to  the  increasing  reliance  on  computer  systems  in  most  societies.  it  concerns  the  protection  of  hardware,  software,  data,  people,  and  also  the  procedures  by  which  systems  are  accessed.  the  means  of  computer  security  include  the  physical  security  of  systems  and  security  of  information  held  on  them.  corporate  security  corporate  security  refers  to  the  resilience  of  corporations  against  espionage,  theft,  damage,  and  other  threats.  the  security  of  corporations  has  become  more  complex  as  reliance  on  it  systems  has  increased,  and  their  physical  presence  has  become  more
__label__situationalsurveillance highly  distributed  across  several  countries,  including  environments  that  are,  or  may  rapidly  become,  hostile  to  them.  ecological  security  ecological  security,  also  known  as  environmental  security,  refers  to  the  integrity  of  ecosystems  and  the  biosphere,  particularly  in  relation  to  their  capacity  to  sustain  a  diversity  of  lifeforms  including  human  life.  the  security  of  ecosystems  has  attracted  greater  attention  as  the  impact  of  ecological  damage  by  humans  has  grown.  food  security  food  security  refers  to  the  ready  supply  of,  and  access  to,  safe  and  nutritious  food.  food  security  is  gaining  in  importance  as  the  worlds  population  has  grown  and  productive  land  has
__label__situationalsurveillance diminished  through  overuse  and  climate  change.  home  security  home  security  normally  refers  to  the  security  systems  used  on  a  property  used  as  a  dwelling  commonly  including  doors,  locks,  alarm  systems,  lighting,  fencing;  and  personal  security  practices  such  as  ensuring  doors  are  locked,  alarms  activated,  windows  closed  etc.  human  security  human  security  is  the  name  of  an  emerging  paradigm  which,  in  response  to  traditional  emphasis  on  the  right  of  nation  states  to  protect  themselves,  has  focused  on  the  primacy  of  the  security  of  people  individuals  and  communities.  the  concept  is  supported  by  the  united  nations  general  assembly,  which  has  stressed  the
__label__situationalsurveillance right  of  people  to  live  in  freedom  and  dignity  and  recognized  that  all  individuals,  in  particular  vulnerable  people,  are  entitled  to  freedom  from  fear  and  freedom  from  want.  national  security  national  security  refers  to  the  security  of  a  nation  state,  including  its  people,  economy,  and  institutions.  in  practice,  state  governments  rely  on  a  wide  range  of  means,  including  diplomacy,  economic  power,  and  military  capabilities.  perceptions  of  security  since  it  is  not  possible  to  know  with  precision  the  extent  to  which  something  is  secure  and  a  measure  of  vulnerability  is  unavoidable,  perceptions  of  security  vary,  often  greatly.  for  example,  a  fear
__label__situationalsurveillance of  death  by  earthquake  is  common  in  the  united  states  us,  but  slipping  on  the  bathroom  floor  kills  more  people;  and  in  france,  the  united  kingdom  and  the  us  there  are  far  fewer  deaths  caused  by  terrorism  than  there  are  women  killed  by  their  partners  in  the  home.another  problem  of  perception  is  the  common  assumption  that  the  mere  presence  of  a  security  system  such  as  armed  forces,  or  antivirus  software  implies  security.  for  example,  two  computer  security  programs  installed  on  the  same  device  can  prevent  each  other  from  working  properly,  while  the  user  assumes  that  he  or  she  benefits  from
__label__situationalsurveillance twice  the  protection  that  only  one  program  would  afford.security  theater  is  a  critical  term  for  measures  that  change  perceptions  of  security  without  necessarily  affecting  security  itself.  for  example,  visual  signs  of  security  protections,  such  as  a  home  that  advertises  its  alarm  system,  may  deter  an  intruder,  whether  or  not  the  system  functions  properly.  similarly,  the  increased  presence  of  military  personnel  on  the  streets  of  a  city  after  a  terrorist  attack  may  help  to  reassure  the  public,  whether  or  not  it  diminishes  the  risk  of  further  attacks.  security  concepts  examples  certain  concepts  recur  throughout  different  fields  of  security:access  control  the  selective
__label__situationalsurveillance restriction  of  access  to  a  place  or  other  resource.assurance  an  expression  of  confidence  that  a  security  measure  will  perform  as  expected.authorization  the  function  of  specifying  access  rights/privileges  to  resources  related  to  information  security  and  computer  security  in  general  and  to  access  control  in  particular.countermeasure  a  means  of  preventing  an  act  or  system  from  having  its  intended  effect.defense  in  depth  a  school  of  thought  holding  that  a  wider  range  of  security  measures  will  enhance  security.exploit  noun  a  means  of  capitalizing  on  a  vulnerability  in  a  security  system  usually  a  cybersecurity  system.identity  management  enables  the  right  individuals  to  access  the  right  resources
__label__situationalsurveillance at  the  right  times  and  for  the  right  reasons.resilience  the  degree  to  which  a  person,  community,  nation  or  system  is  able  to  resist  adverse  external  forces.risk  a  possible  event  which  could  lead  to  damage,  harm,  or  loss.security  management  identification  of  an  organizations  assets  including  people,  buildings,  machines,  systems  and  information  assets,  followed  by  the  development,  documentation,  and  implementation  of  policies  and  procedures  for  protecting  these  assets.threat  a  potential  source  of  harm.vulnerability  the  degree  to  which  something  may  be  changed  usually  in  an  unwanted  manner  by  external  forces.  see  also  peacesafetysecurity  increasesecurity  risk  references  external  links  media  related  to  security  at
__label__situationalsurveillance closedcircuit  television  cctv,  also  known  as  video  surveillance,  is  the  use  of  video  cameras  to  transmit  a  signal  to  a  specific  place,  on  a  limited  set  of  monitors.  it  differs  from  broadcast  television  in  that  the  signal  is  not  openly  transmitted,  though  it  may  employ  pointtopoint  p2p,  pointtomultipoint  p2mp,  or  mesh  wired  or  wireless  links.  though  almost  all  video  cameras  fit  this  definition,  the  term  is  most  often  applied  to  those  used  for  surveillance  in  areas  that  may  need  monitoring  such  as  banks,  stores,  and  other  areas  where  security  is  needed.  though  videotelephony  is  seldom  called  cctv  one  exception  is
__label__situationalsurveillance the  use  of  video  in  distance  education,  where  it  is  an  important  tool.surveillance  of  the  public  using  cctv  is  common  in  many  areas  around  the  world.  in  recent  years,  the  use  of  body  worn  video  cameras  has  been  introduced  as  a  new  form  of  surveillance,  often  used  in  law  enforcement,  with  cameras  located  on  a  police  officers  chest  or  head.  video  surveillance  has  generated  significant  debate  about  balancing  its  use  with  individuals  right  to  privacy  even  when  in  public.in  industrial  plants,  cctv  equipment  may  be  used  to  observe  parts  of  a  process  from  a  central  control  room,  for  example  when
__label__situationalsurveillance the  environment  is  not  suitable  for  humans.  cctv  systems  may  operate  continuously  or  only  as  required  to  monitor  a  particular  event.  a  more  advanced  form  of  cctv,  utilizing  digital  video  recorders  dvrs,  provides  recording  for  possibly  many  years,  with  a  variety  of  quality  and  performance  options  and  extra  features  such  as  motion  detection  and  email  alerts.  more  recently,  decentralized  ip  cameras,  perhaps  equipped  with  megapixel  sensors,  support  recording  directly  to  networkattached  storage  devices,  or  internal  flash  for  completely  standalone  operation.there  are  about  350  million  surveillance  cameras  worldwide  as  of  2016.  about  65  of  these  cameras  are  installed  in  asia.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance growth  of  cctv  has  been  slowing  in  recent  years.  the  deployment  of  this  technology  has  facilitated  a  significant  growth  in  state  surveillance,  a  substantial  rise  in  the  methods  of  advanced  social  monitoring  and  control,  and  a  host  of  crime  prevention  measures  throughout  the  world.  history  an  early  mechanical  cctv  system  was  developed  in  june  1927  by  russian  physicist  lon  theremin  cf.  television  in  the  soviet  union.  originally  requested  by  the  soviet  of  labor  and  defense,  the  system  comprised  a  manuallyoperated  scanningtransmitting  camera  and  wireless  shortwave  transmitter  and  receiver,  with  a  resolution  of  a  hundred  lines.  having  commandeered  by  kliment  voroshilov,
__label__situationalsurveillance theremins  cctv  system  was  demonstrated  to  joseph  stalin,  semyon  budyonny,  and  sergo  ordzhonikidze,  and  subsequently  installed  in  the  courtyard  of  the  moscow  kremlin  to  monitor  approaching  visitors  as  a  means  of  state  surveillance.another  early  cctv  system  was  installed  by  siemens  ag  at  test  stand  vii  in  peenemnde,  nazi  germany  in  1942,  for  observing  the  launch  of  v2  rockets.in  the  u.s.  the  first  commercial  closedcircuit  television  system  became  available  in  1949,  called  vericon.  very  little  is  known  about  vericon  except  it  was  advertised  as  not  requiring  a  government  permit.  technology  the  earliest  video  surveillance  systems  involved  constant  monitoring  because  there  was
__label__situationalsurveillance no  way  to  record  and  store  information.  the  development  of  reeltoreel  media  enabled  the  recording  of  surveillance  footage.  these  systems  required  magnetic  tapes  to  be  changed  manually,  which  was  a  time  consuming,  expensive  and  unreliable  process,  with  the  operator  having  to  manually  thread  the  tape  from  the  tape  reel  through  the  recorder  onto  an  empty  takeup  reel.  due  to  these  shortcomings,  video  surveillance  was  not  widespread.  vcr  technology  became  available  in  the  1970s,  making  it  easier  to  record  and  erase  information,  and  the  use  of  video  surveillance  became  more  common.during  the  1990s,  digital  multiplexing  was  developed,  allowing  several  cameras  to
__label__situationalsurveillance record  at  once,  as  well  as  time  lapse  and  motiononly  recording.  this  saved  time  and  money  which  then  led  to  an  increase  in  the  use  of  cctv.recently  cctv  technology  has  been  enhanced  with  a  shift  toward  internetbased  products  and  systems,  and  other  technological  developments.  application  closedcircuit  television  was  used  as  a  form  of  payperview  theatre  television  for  sports  such  as  professional  boxing  and  professional  wrestling,  and  from  1964  through  1970,  the  indianapolis  500  automobile  race.  boxing  telecasts  were  broadcast  live  to  a  select  number  of  venues,  mostly  theaters,  where  viewers  paid  for  tickets  to  watch  the  fight  live.  the  first
__label__situationalsurveillance fight  with  a  closedcircuit  telecast  was  joe  louis  vs.  joe  walcott  in  1948.  closedcircuit  telecasts  peaked  in  popularity  with  muhammad  ali  in  the  1960s  and  1970s,  with  the  rumble  in  the  jungle  fight  drawing  50  million  cctv  viewers  worldwide  in  1974,  and  the  thrilla  in  manila  drawing  100  million  cctv  viewers  worldwide  in  1975.  in  1985,  the  wrestlemania  i  professional  wrestling  show  was  seen  by  over  one  million  viewers  with  this  scheme.  as  late  as  1996,  the  julio  csar  chvez  vs.  oscar  de  la  hoya  boxing  fight  had  750,000  viewers.  closedcircuit  television  was  gradually  replaced  by  payperview  home  cable  television
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  1980s  and  1990s.in  september  1968,  olean,  new  york  was  the  first  city  in  the  united  states  to  install  video  cameras  along  its  main  business  street  in  an  effort  to  fight  crime.  another  early  appearance  was  in  1973  in  times  square  in  new  york  city.  the  nypd  installed  it  in  order  to  deter  crime  that  was  occurring  in  the  area;  however,  crime  rates  did  not  appear  to  drop  much  due  to  the  cameras.  nevertheless,  during  the  1980s  video  surveillance  began  to  spread  across  the  country  specifically  targeting  public  areas.  it  was  seen  as  a  cheaper  way  to  deter  crime
__label__situationalsurveillance compared  to  increasing  the  size  of  the  police  departments.  some  businesses  as  well,  especially  those  that  were  prone  to  theft,  began  to  use  video  surveillance.  from  the  mid1990s  on,  police  departments  across  the  country  installed  an  increasing  number  of  cameras  in  various  public  spaces  including  housing  projects,  schools  and  public  parks  departments.  cctv  later  became  common  in  banks  and  stores  to  discourage  theft,  by  recording  evidence  of  criminal  activity.  in  1998,  3,000  cctv  systems  were  in  use  in  new  york  city.experiments  in  the  uk  during  the  1970s  and  1980s,  including  outdoor  cctv  in  bournemouth  in  1985,  led  to  several  larger
__label__situationalsurveillance trial  programs  later  that  decade.  the  first  use  by  local  government  was  in  kings  lynn,  norfolk,  in  1987.  uses  crime  prevention  a  2009  systematic  review  by  researchers  from  northeastern  university  and  university  of  cambridge  used  metaanalytic  techniques  to  pool  the  average  effect  of  cctv  on  crime  across  41  different  studies.the  studies  included  in  the  metaanalysis  used  quasiexperimental  evaluation  designs  that  involve  beforeandafter  measures  of  crime  in  experimental  and  control  areas.  however,  several  researchers  have  pointed  to  methodological  problems  associated  with  this  research  literature.  first,  researchers  have  argued  that  the  british  car  park  studies  included  in  the  metaanalysis  cannot  accurately  control
__label__situationalsurveillance for  the  fact  that  cctv  was  introduced  simultaneously  with  a  range  of  other  securityrelated  measures.  second,  some  have  noted  that,  in  many  of  the  studies,  there  may  be  issues  with  selection  bias  since  the  introduction  of  cctv  was  potentially  endogenous  to  previous  crime  trends.  in  particular,  the  estimated  effects  may  be  biased  if  cctv  is  introduced  in  response  to  crime  trends.it  has  been  argued  that  problems  of  selection  bias  and  endogeneity  can  be  addressed  by  stronger  research  designs  such  as  randomized  controlled  trials  and  natural  experiments.  a  2017  review  published  in  journal  of  scandinavian  studies  in  criminology  and  crime  prevention
__label__situationalsurveillance compiles  seven  studies  that  use  such  research  designs.  the  studies  included  in  the  review  found  that  cctv  reduced  crime  by  2428  in  public  streets  and  urban  subway  stations.  it  also  found  that  cctv  could  decrease  unruly  behaviour  in  football  stadiums  and  theft  in  supermarkets/mass  merchant  stores.  however,  there  was  no  evidence  of  cctv  having  desirable  effects  in  parking  facilities  or  suburban  subway  stations.  furthermore,  the  review  indicates  that  cctv  is  more  effective  in  preventing  property  crimes  than  in  violent  crimes.another  question  in  the  effectiveness  of  cctv  for  policing  is  around  uptime  of  the  system;  in  2013  city  of  philadelphia  auditor
__label__situationalsurveillance found  that  the  15m  system  was  operational  only  32  of  the  time.  there  is  strong  anecdotal  evidence  that  cctv  aids  in  detection  and  conviction  of  offenders;  indeed  uk  police  forces  routinely  seek  cctv  recordings  after  crimes..  moreover,  cctv  has  played  a  crucial  role  in  tracing  the  movements  of  suspects  or  victims  and  is  widely  regarded  by  antiterrorist  officers  as  a  fundamental  tool  in  tracking  terrorist  suspects.  largescale  cctv  installations  have  played  a  key  part  of  the  defenses  against  terrorism  since  the  1970s.  cameras  have  also  been  installed  on  public  transport  in  the  hope  of  deterring  crime.a  more  open  question  is
__label__situationalsurveillance whether  most  cctv  is  costeffective.  while  lowquality  domestic  kits  are  cheap  the  professional  installation  and  maintenance  of  high  definition  cctv  is  expensive.  gill  and  spriggs  did  a  costeffectiveness  analysis  cea  of  cctv  in  crime  prevention  that  showed  little  monetary  saving  with  the  installation  of  cctv  as  most  of  the  crimes  prevented  resulted  in  little  monetary  loss.  critics  however  noted  that  benefits  of  nonmonetary  value  cannot  be  captured  in  a  traditional  cost  effectiveness  analysis  and  were  omitted  from  their  study.  a  2008  report  by  uk  police  chiefs  concluded  that  only  3  of  crimes  were  solved  by  cctv.  in  london,  a  metropolitan
__label__situationalsurveillance police  report  showed  that  in  2008  only  one  crime  was  solved  per  1000  cameras.  in  some  cases  cctv  cameras  have  become  a  target  of  attacks  themselves.cities  such  as  manchester  in  the  uk  are  using  dvrbased  technology  to  improve  accessibility  for  crime  prevention.in  october  2009,  an  internet  eyes  website  was  announced  which  would  pay  members  of  the  public  to  view  cctv  camera  images  from  their  homes  and  report  any  crimes  they  witnessed.  the  site  aimed  to  add  more  eyes  to  cameras  which  might  be  insufficiently  monitored.  civil  liberties  campaigners  criticized  the  idea  as  a  distasteful  and  a  worrying  development.in  2013  oaxaca
__label__situationalsurveillance hired  deaf  police  officers  to  lip  read  conversations  to  uncover  criminal  conspiracies.in  singapore,  since  2012,  thousands  of  cctv  cameras  have  helped  deter  loan  sharks,  nab  litterbugs  and  stop  illegal  parking,  according  to  government  figures.  crime  solving  cctv  can  also  be  used  to  help  solve  crimes.  in  london  alone,  six  crimes  are  solved  each  day  through  cctv  footage.  sometimes,  footage  from  cctv  cameras  of  citizens  can  even  be  used  for  this  purpose.  body  worn  in  recent  years,  the  use  of  body  worn  video  cameras  has  been  introduced  for  a  number  of  uses.  for  example,  as  a  new  form  of  surveillance  in
__label__situationalsurveillance law  enforcement,  with  cameras  located  on  a  police  officers  chest  or  head.  traffic  monitoring  many  cities  and  motorway  networks  have  extensive  trafficmonitoring  systems,  using  closedcircuit  television  to  detect  congestion  and  notice  accidents.  many  of  these  cameras  however,  are  owned  by  private  companies  and  transmit  data  to  drivers  gps  systems.the  uk  highways  agency  has  a  publicly  owned  cctv  network  of  over  3000  pantiltzoom  cameras  covering  the  british  motorway  and  trunk  road  network.  these  cameras  are  primarily  used  to  monitor  traffic  conditions  and  are  not  used  as  speed  cameras.  with  the  addition  of  fixed  cameras  for  the  active  traffic  management  system,  the
__label__situationalsurveillance number  of  cameras  on  the  highways  agencys  cctv  network  is  likely  to  increase  significantly  over  the  next  few  years.the  london  congestion  charge  is  enforced  by  cameras  positioned  at  the  boundaries  of  and  inside  the  congestion  charge  zone,  which  automatically  read  the  licence  plates  of  cars.  if  the  driver  does  not  pay  the  charge  then  a  fine  will  be  imposed.  similar  systems  are  being  developed  as  a  means  of  locating  cars  reported  stolen.other  surveillance  cameras  serve  as  traffic  enforcement  cameras.  increasing  safety  and  security  in  public  transport  a  cctv  system  may  be  installed  where  any  example,  on  a  driveronly  operated  train
__label__situationalsurveillance cctv  cameras  may  allow  the  driver  to  confirm  that  people  are  clear  of  doors  before  closing  them  and  starting  the  train.a  trial  by  ret  in  2011  with  facial  recognition  cameras  mounted  on  trams  made  sure  that  people  that  were  banned  from  the  city  trams  did  not  sneak  on  anyway.  sporting  events  many  sporting  events  in  the  united  states  use  cctv  inside  the  venue  for  fans  to  see  the  action  while  they  are  away  from  their  seats.  the  cameras  send  the  feed  to  a  central  control  center  where  a  producer  selects  feeds  to  send  to  the  television  monitors  that  fans  can
__label__situationalsurveillance view.  cctv  monitors  for  viewing  the  event  by  attendees  are  often  placed  in  lounges,  hallways,  and  restrooms.in  a  trial  with  cctv  cameras,  football  club  fans  no  longer  needed  to  identify  themselves  manually,  but  could  pass  freely  after  being  authorized  by  the  facial  recognition  system.  employee  monitoring  organizations  use  cctv  to  monitor  the  actions  of  workers.  every  action  is  recorded  as  an  information  block  with  subtitles  that  explain  the  performed  operation.  this  helps  to  track  the  actions  of  workers,  especially  when  they  are  making  critical  financial  transactions,  such  as  correcting  or  cancelling  of  a  sale,  withdrawing  money  or  altering  personal  information.actions
__label__situationalsurveillance which  an  employer  may  wish  to  monitor  could  include:scanning  of  goods,  selection  of  goods,  introduction  of  price  and  quantity;input  and  output  of  operators  in  the  system  when  entering  passwords;deleting  operations  and  modifying  existing  documents;implementation  of  certain  operations,  such  as  financial  statements  or  operations  with  cash;moving  goods,  revaluation  scrapping  and  counting;control  in  the  kitchen  of  fast  food  restaurants;change  of  settings,  reports  and  other  official  functions.each  of  these  operations  is  transmitted  with  a  description,  allowing  detailed  monitoring  of  all  actions  of  the  operator.  some  systems  allow  the  user  to  search  for  a  specific  event  by  time  of  occurrence  and  text  description,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance perform  statistical  evaluation  of  operator  behaviour.  this  allows  the  software  to  predict  deviations  from  the  standard  workflow  and  record  only  anomalous  behaviour.  use  in  schools  in  the  united  states,  britain,  australia  and  new  zealand,  cctv  is  widely  used  in  schools  due  to  its  success  in  preventing  bullying,  vandalism,  monitoring  visitors  and  maintaining  a  record  of  evidence  in  the  event  of  a  crime.  there  are  some  restrictions  on  installation,  with  cameras  not  being  installed  in  an  area  where  there  is  a  reasonable  expectation  of  privacy,  such  as  bathrooms,  gym  locker  areas  and  private  offices  unless  consent  by  the  office  occupant  is
__label__situationalsurveillance given.  cameras  are  generally  acceptable  in  hallways,  parking  lots,  front  offices  where  students,  employees,  and  parents  come  and  go,  gymnasiums,  cafeterias,  supply  rooms  and  classrooms.  the  installation  of  cameras  in  classrooms  may  be  objected  to  by  some  teachers.  use  in  private  homes  many  home  owners  now  choose  to  install  cctv  systems  on  their  own  homes.  cctv  cameras  are  an  effective  deterrent  to  criminals  as  it  increases  the  risk  of  criminals  being  caught  because  they  could  be  identified  through  the  camera  footage.  most  criminals  will  scout  through  affluent  suburbs  looking  for  the  easiest  house  to  break  into.  having  an  obvious  cctv
__label__situationalsurveillance system,  or  another  security  alarm,  makes  the  house  appear  to  be  a  more  difficult  target  so  the  criminals  will  likely  move  on  to  the  next  house.  modern  cctv  systems  can  be  monitored  through  mobile  phone  apps  so  it  is  possible  to  view  live  footage  of  your  house  from  anywhere  you  have  internet  coverage.  some  systems  even  provide  motion  detection  so  when  movement  is  detected,  an  alert  can  be  sent  to  your  phone.  criminal  use  criminals  may  use  surveillance  cameras  to  monitor  the  public.  for  example,  a  hidden  camera  at  an  atm  can  capture  peoples  pins  as  they  are  entered,  without
__label__situationalsurveillance their  knowledge.  the  devices  are  small  enough  not  to  be  noticed,  and  are  placed  where  they  can  monitor  the  keypad  of  the  machine  as  people  enter  their  pins.  images  may  be  transmitted  wirelessly  to  the  criminal.  even  lawful  surveillance  cameras  sometimes  have  their  data  go  into  the  hands  of  people  who  have  no  legal  right  to  receive  it.  prevalence  asia  about  65  of  cctv  cameras  in  the  world  are  installed  in  asia.  in  asia,  different  human  activities  attracted  the  use  of  surveillance  camera  systems  and  services,  including  but  not  limited  to  business  and  related  industries,  transportation,  sports,  and  care  for
__label__situationalsurveillance the  environment.in  2018,  china  was  reported  to  have  a  huge  surveillance  network  of  over  170  million  cctv  cameras  with  400  million  new  cameras  expected  be  installed  in  the  next  three  years,  many  of  which  use  facial  recognition  technology.  united  states  there  were  an  estimated  30  million  surveillance  cameras  in  the  united  states  in  2011.  video  surveillance  has  been  common  in  the  united  states  since  the  1990s;  for  example,  one  manufacturer  reported  net  earnings  of  120  million  in  1995.  with  lower  cost  and  easier  installation,  sales  of  home  security  cameras  increased  in  the  early  21st  century.  following  the  september  11  attacks,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  use  of  video  surveillance  in  public  places  became  more  common  to  deter  future  terrorist  attacks.  under  the  homeland  security  grant  program,  government  grants  are  available  for  cities  to  install  surveillance  camera  networks.  in  2009,  there  were  an  estimated  15,000  cctv  systems  in  chicago,  many  linked  to  an  integrated  camera  network.  new  york  citys  domain  awareness  system  has  6,000  video  surveillance  cameras  linked  together,  there  are  over  4,000  cameras  on  the  subway  system  although  nearly  half  of  them  do  not  work,  and  twothirds  of  large  apartment  and  commercial  buildings  use  video  surveillance  cameras.  in  the  washington  d.c.area,  there  are  more
__label__situationalsurveillance than  30,000  surveillance  cameras  in  schools,  and  the  metro  has  nearly  6,000  cameras  in  use  across  the  system.  united  kingdom  in  the  united  kingdom,  the  vast  majority  of  cctv  cameras  are  not  operated  by  government  bodies,  but  by  private  individuals  or  companies,  especially  to  monitor  the  interiors  of  shops  and  businesses.  according  to  the  freedom  of  information  act  2000  requests,  the  total  number  of  local  government  operated  cctv  cameras  was  around  52,000  over  the  entirety  of  the  uk.an  article  published  in  cctv  image  magazine  estimated  the  number  of  private  and  local  government  operated  cameras  in  the  united  kingdom  was  1.85
__label__situationalsurveillance million  in  2011.  the  estimate  was  based  on  extrapolating  from  a  comprehensive  survey  of  public  and  private  cameras  within  the  cheshire  constabulary  jurisdiction.  this  works  out  as  an  average  of  one  camera  for  every  32  people  in  the  uk,  although  the  density  of  cameras  varies  greatly  from  place  to  place.  the  cheshire  report  also  claims  that  the  average  person  on  a  typical  day  would  be  seen  by  70  cctv  cameras.the  cheshire  figure  is  regarded  as  more  dependable  than  a  previous  study  by  michael  mccahill  and  clive  norris  of  urbaneye  published  in  2002.  based  on  a  small  sample  in  putney  high
__label__situationalsurveillance street,  mccahill  and  norris  extrapolated  the  number  of  surveillance  cameras  in  greater  london  to  be  around  500,000  and  the  total  number  of  cameras  in  the  uk  to  be  around  4,200,000.  according  to  their  estimate  the  uk  has  one  camera  for  every  14  people.  although  it  has  been  acknowledged  for  several  years  that  the  methodology  behind  this  figure  is  flawed,  it  has  been  widely  quoted.  furthermore,  the  figure  of  500,000  for  greater  london  is  often  confused  with  the  figure  for  the  police  and  local  government  operated  cameras  in  the  city  of  london,  which  was  about  650  in  2011.the  cctv  user  group
__label__situationalsurveillance estimated  that  there  were  around  1.5  million  private  and  local  government  cctv  cameras  in  city  centres,  stations,  airports,  and  major  retail  areas  in  the  uk.research  conducted  by  the  scottish  centre  for  crime  and  justice  research  and  based  on  a  survey  of  all  scottish  local  authorities,  identified  that  there  are  over  2,200  public  space  cctv  cameras  in  scotland.  canada  project  scram  is  a  policing  effort  by  the  halton  regional  police  service  to  register  and  help  consumers  understand  the  complex  issues  of  privacy  and  safety  that  confront  households  when  dealing  with  installations  of  home  security  systems.  the  scram  program  enables  community  members
__label__situationalsurveillance to  voluntarily  identify  and  register  their  residential  video  surveillance  equipment  through  a  simple,  secure,  confidential,  online  form.  it  has  not  been  extended  to  commercial  businesses.  a  wideranging  effort  to  provide  registration  and  monitoring  of  home  security  and  systems.  security  camera  registration  and  monitoring  is  a  communitybased  crime  prevention  opportunity  and  investigative  tool  that  enlists  the  help  of  residents  and  can  help  prevent  crime  on  three  levels.  residential  video  surveillance  cameras  can  deter  criminals  from  entering  the  area,  can  prevent  crimes  from  occurring  and  help  solve  crimes  by  providing  valuable  evidence  to  the  police.  south  africa  in  south  africa  due  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  high  crime  rate  cctv  surveillance  is  widely  prevalent  but  the  country  has  been  slow  to  implement  the  latest  technology  e.g.  the  first  ip  camera  was  released  in  1996  by  axis  communications  but  ip  cameras  didnt  arrive  in  south  africa  till  2008.  in  order  to  regulate  the  number  of  suppliers  in  2001  the  private  security  industry  regulation  act  was  passed  requiring  all  security  companies  to  be  registered  with  the  private  security  industry  regulatory  authority  psira.  latin  america  in  latin  america,  the  cctv  market  is  growing  rapidly  with  the  increase  of  property  crime.  russia  the  number  of  cctv  cameras  equipped  with
__label__situationalsurveillance facial  biometrics  in  moscows  public  surveillance  network  is  set  to  grow  by  70  times  from  the  current  1,500  to  105,000  by  the  end  of  the  year.  the  cctv  system  in  moscow  can  now  recognise  faces,  using  an  algorithm  based  on  neural  networks.  city  camera  recordings  are  analysed  in  real  time.  faces  on  the  screen  are  scanned  and  can  be  checked  against  several  data  bases,  such  as  the  police  data  base,  to  identify  a  suspect.  this  analytical  system  can  also  help  police  recreate  a  suspects  movements  around  the  city.  the  system  searches  for  related  recordings  from  various  cctv  cameras  and  identifies
__label__situationalsurveillance the  same  face  from  several  sightings.  the  moscow  network  includes  160,000  cctv  cameras  and  95  percent  of  residential  buildings.  by  the  end  of  the  year,  residents  will  be  able  to  install  cctv  cameras  on  their  buildings  themselves  and  then  connect  them  to  the  unified  video  observation  system.  this  year,  over  3,500  cameras  have  been  connected  to  the  general  centre  for  data  storage  and  processing.  this  includes  cameras  in  entrance  halls,  schools  and  kindergartens,  at  mcc  stations,  stadiums,  public  transport  stops  and  bus  terminals,  and  in  parks.  video  recordings  are  used  to  solve  70  percent  of  offences  and  crimes.  the  cameras
__label__situationalsurveillance also  help  monitor  utility  services.  a  department  spokesperson  added  that  moscow  has  one  of  the  largest  security  systems  in  the  world  with  such  a  comprehensive  identification  system.  video  surveillance  and  terrorism  material  collected  by  surveillance  cameras  has  been  used  as  a  tool  in  postevent  forensics  to  identify  tactics,  techniques  and  perpetrators  of  terrorist  attacks.  furthermore,  there  are  various  projects  such  as  indect  that  aim  to  detect  suspicious  behaviours  of  individuals  and  crowds.  it  has  been  argued  that  terrorists  wont  be  deterred  by  cameras,  that  terror  attacks  arent  really  the  subject  of  the  current  use  of  video  surveillance  and  that  terrorists
__label__situationalsurveillance might  even  see  it  as  an  extra  channel  for  propaganda  and  publication  of  their  acts.  in  germany  calls  for  extended  video  surveillance  by  the  countrys  main  political  parties,  spd,  cdu  and  csu  have  been  dismissed  as  little  more  than  a  placebo  for  a  subjective  feeling  of  security.  privacy  proponents  of  cctv  cameras  argue  that  cameras  are  effective  at  deterring  and  solving  crime,  and  that  appropriate  regulation  and  legal  restrictions  on  surveillance  of  public  spaces  can  provide  sufficient  protections  so  that  an  individuals  right  to  privacy  can  reasonably  be  weighed  against  the  benefits  of  surveillance.  however,  antisurveillance  activists  have  held  that
__label__situationalsurveillance there  is  a  right  to  privacy  in  public  areas.  furthermore,  while  it  is  true  that  there  may  be  scenarios  wherein  a  persons  right  to  public  privacy  can  be  both  reasonably  and  justifiably  compromised,  some  scholars  have  argued  that  such  situations  are  so  rare  as  to  not  sufficiently  warrant  the  frequent  compromising  of  public  privacy  rights  that  occurs  in  regions  with  widespread  cctv  surveillance.  for  example,  in  her  book  setting  the  watch:  privacy  and  the  ethics  of  cctv  surveillance,  beatrice  von  silvatarouca  larsen  argues  that  cctv  surveillance  is  ethically  permissible  only  in  certain  restrictively  defined  situations,  such  as  when  a  specific
__label__situationalsurveillance location  has  a  comprehensively  documented  and  significant  criminal  threat.in  the  united  states,  the  constitution  does  not  explicitly  include  the  right  to  privacy  although  the  supreme  court  has  said  several  of  the  amendments  to  the  constitution  implicitly  grant  this  right.  access  to  video  surveillance  recordings  may  require  a  judges  writ,  which  is  readily  available.  however,  there  is  little  legislation  and  regulation  specific  to  video  surveillance.all  countries  in  the  european  union  are  signatories  to  the  european  convention  on  human  rights  which  protects  individual  rights  including  the  right  to  privacy.  the  eus  data  protection  directive  regulates  access  to  personal  data  including  cctv  recordings.
__label__situationalsurveillance this  directive  is  translated  into  the  national  law  of  each  country  within  the  european  union.in  the  united  kingdom  the  data  protection  act  1998  imposes  legal  restrictions  on  the  uses  of  cctv  recordings  and  mandates  the  registration  of  cctv  systems  with  the  data  protection  agency.  in  2004,  the  successor  to  the  data  protection  agency,  the  information  commissioners  office  clarified  that  this  required  registration  of  all  cctv  systems  with  the  commissioner,  and  prompt  deletion  of  archived  recordings.  however,  subsequent  case  law  durant  vs.  fsa  limited  the  scope  of  the  protection  provided  by  this  law,  and  not  all  cctv  systems  are  currently  regulated.a
__label__situationalsurveillance 2007  report  by  the  uk  information  commissioners  office,  highlighted  the  need  for  the  public  to  be  made  more  aware  of  the  growing  use  of  surveillance  and  the  potential  impact  on  civil  liberties.  in  the  same  year,  a  campaign  group  claimed  the  majority  of  cctv  cameras  in  the  uk  are  operated  illegally  or  are  in  breach  of  privacy  guidelines.  in  response,  the  information  commissioners  office  rebutted  the  claim  and  added  that  any  reported  abuses  of  the  data  protection  act  are  swiftly  investigated.  even  if  there  are  some  concerns  arising  from  the  use  of  cctv  such  as  involving  privacy,  more  commercial  establishments
__label__situationalsurveillance are  still  installing  cctv  systems  in  the  uk.in  2012,  the  uk  government  enacted  the  protection  of  freedoms  act  which  includes  several  provisions  related  to  controlling  and  restricting  the  collection,  storage,  retention,  and  use  of  information  about  individuals.  under  this  act,  the  home  office  published  a  code  of  practice  in  2013  for  the  use  of  surveillance  cameras  by  government  and  local  authorities.  the  aim  of  the  code  is  to  help  ensure  their  use  is  characterised  as  surveillance  by  consent,  and  such  consent  on  the  part  of  the  community  must  be  informed  consent  and  not  assumed  by  a  system  operator.  surveillance  by
__label__situationalsurveillance consent  should  be  regarded  as  analogous  to  policing  by  consent.in  canada,  the  use  of  video  surveillance  has  grown  very  rapidly.  in  ontario,  both  the  municipal  and  provincial  versions  of  the  freedom  of  information  and  protection  of  privacy  act  outline  very  specific  guidelines  that  control  how  images  and  information  can  be  gathered  by  this  method  and  or  released.in  sweden,  the  use  of  cctv  in  public  spaces  is  nationally  regulated;  requiring  permits  for  any  public  operator  incl.  swedish  police  authority  to  install  cctv  in  spaces  allowing  access  to  the  general  public.  in  an  opinion  poll  commissioned  by  lund  university  in  august  2017,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  general  public  of  sweden  were  asked  to  choose  one  measure  that  would  ensure  their  need  for  privacy  when  subject  to  cctvoperation  in  public  spaces.  43  percent  favored  regulation  in  the  form  of  clear  routines  for  managing,  storing  and  distributing  image  material  generated  from  surveillance  cameras,  39  favored  regulation  in  the  form  of  clear  signage  informing  that  camera  surveillance  in  public  spaces  is  present,  2  percent  favored  regulation  in  the  form  of  having  permits  restricting  the  use  of  surveillance  cameras  during  certain  times  of  day/week,  10  percent  favored  regulation  in  the  form  of  having  restrictive  policies  for  issuing  permits  for
__label__situationalsurveillance surveillance  cameras  in  public  spaces.  6  percent  were  unsure  or  did  not  know.  technological  developments  computercontrolled  analytics  and  identification  computercontrolled  cameras  can  identify,  track,  and  categorize  objects  in  their  field  of  view.video  content  analysis  is  the  capability  of  automatically  analyzing  video  to  detect  and  determine  temporal  events  not  based  on  a  single  image,  but  rather  object  classification.vca  analytics  can  also  be  used  to  detect  unusual  patterns  in  an  environment.  the  system  can  be  set  to  detect  anomalies  in  a  crowd,  for  instance  a  person  moving  in  the  opposite  direction  in  airports  where  passengers  are  supposed  to  walk  only  in  one
__label__situationalsurveillance direction  out  of  a  plane  or  in  a  subway  where  people  are  not  supposed  to  exit  through  the  entrances.there  is  also  a  significant  difference  in  where  the  vca  technology  is  placed,  either  the  data  is  being  processed  within  the  cameras  on  the  edge  or  by  a  centralized  server.  both  technologies  have  their  pros  and  cons.to  many,  the  development  of  cctv  in  public  areas,  linked  to  computer  databases  of  peoples  pictures  and  identity,  presents  a  serious  breach  of  civil  liberties.  conservative  critics  fear  the  possibility  that  one  would  no  longer  have  anonymity  in  public  places.  retention,  storage  and  preservation  there  is
__label__situationalsurveillance a  cost  in  the  retention  of  the  images  produced  by  cctv  systems.  the  amount  and  quality  of  data  stored  on  storage  media  is  subject  to  compression  ratios,  images  stored  per  second,  image  size  and  is  effected  by  the  retention  period  of  the  videos  or  images.  dvrs  store  images  in  a  variety  of  proprietary  file  formats.  recordings  may  be  retained  for  a  preset  amount  of  time  and  then  automatically  archived,  overwritten  or  deleted,  the  period  being  determined  by  the  organisation  that  generated  them.  ip  cameras  a  growing  branch  in  cctv  is  internet  protocol  cameras  ip  cameras.  it  is  estimated  that  2014
__label__situationalsurveillance was  the  first  year  that  ip  cameras  outsold  analog  cameras.  ip  cameras  use  the  internet  protocol  ip  used  by  most  local  area  networks  lans  to  transmit  video  across  data  networks  in  digital  form.  ip  can  optionally  be  transmitted  across  the  public  internet,  allowing  users  to  view  their  cameras  through  any  internet  connection  available  through  a  computer  or  a  phone,  this  is  considered  remote  access.  for  professional  or  public  infrastructure  security  applications,  ip  video  is  restricted  to  within  a  private  network  or  vpn.  networking  cctv  cameras  the  city  of  chicago  operates  a  networked  video  surveillance  system  which  combines  cctv  video  feeds
__label__situationalsurveillance of  government  agencies  with  those  of  the  private  sector,  installed  in  city  buses,  businesses,  public  schools,  subway  stations,  housing  projects  etc.  even  homeowners  are  able  to  contribute  footage.  it  is  estimated  to  incorporate  the  video  feeds  of  a  total  of  15,000  cameras.the  system  is  used  by  chicagos  office  of  emergency  management  in  case  of  an  emergency  call:  it  detects  the  callers  location  and  instantly  displays  the  realtime  video  feed  of  the  nearest  security  camera  to  the  operator,  not  requiring  any  user  intervention.  while  the  system  is  far  too  vast  to  allow  complete  realtime  monitoring,  it  stores  the  video  data  for
__label__situationalsurveillance later  usage  in  order  to  provide  possible  evidence  in  criminal  cases.  wireless  security  cameras  many  consumers  are  turning  to  wireless  security  cameras  for  home  surveillance.  wireless  cameras  do  not  require  a  video  cable  for  video/audio  transmission,  simply  a  cable  for  power.  wireless  cameras  are  also  easy  and  inexpensive  to  install  but  lack  the  reliability  of  hardwired  cameras.  previous  generations  of  wireless  security  cameras  relied  on  analogue  technology;  modern  wireless  cameras  use  digital  technology  which  delivers  crisper  audio,  sharper  video,  and  a  secure  and  interferencefree  signal.  talking  cctv  in  wiltshire,  uk,  2003,  a  pilot  scheme  for  what  is  now  known  as
__label__situationalsurveillance talking  cctv  was  put  into  action;  allowing  operators  of  cctv  cameras  to  order  offenders  to  stop  what  they  were  doing,  ranging  from  ordering  subjects  to  pick  up  their  rubbish  and  put  it  in  a  bin  to  ordering  groups  of  vandals  to  disperse.  in  2005,  ray  mallon,  the  mayor  and  former  senior  police  officer  of  middlesbrough  implemented  talking  cctv  in  his  area.other  towns  have  had  such  cameras  installed.  in  2007  several  of  the  devices  were  installed  in  bridlington  town  centre,  east  riding  of  yorkshire.  countermeasures  due  to  the  widespread  implementation  of  surveillance  cameras,  glasses  are  being  built  which  can  defeat  cctv
__label__situationalsurveillance cameras.  in  december  2016  a  form  of  anticctv  and  facial  recognition  sunglasses  called  reflectacles  were  invented  by  a  customspectaclecraftsmen  based  in  chicago  named  scott  urban.  they  reflect  infrared  and,  optionally,  visible  light  which  makes  the  users  face  a  white  blur  to  cameras.  the  project  easily  surpassed  its  funding  goal  of  28,000  and  reflectacles  became  commercially  available  in  june  2017.  see  also  notes  references  further  reading  armstrong,  gary,  ed.  1999.  the  maximum  surveillance  society:  the  rise  of  cctv.  berg  originally,  university  of  michigan  press.  isbn  9781859732212.fyfe,  nicholas;  bannister,  jon  2005.  city  watching:  closedcircuit  television  in  public  spaces.  in  fyfe,  nicholas  kenny,
__label__situationalsurveillance judith  t.  eds..  the  urban  geography  reader.  psychology  press.  isbn  9780415307017.cs1  maint:  uses  editors  parameter  linknewburn,  tim  hayman,  stephanie  2001.  policing,  surveillance  and  social  control:  cctv  and  police  monitoring  of  suspects.  taylor  francis.  isbn  9781843924692.cs1  maint:  uses  authors  parameter  linknorris,  clive  2003.  from  personal  to  digital:  cctv,  the  panopticon,  and  the  technological  mediation  of  suspicion  and  social  control.  in  lyon,  david  ed..  surveillance  as  social  sorting:  privacy,  risk,  and  digital  discrimination.  psychology  press.  isbn  9780415278737.ip  camera.  stopdedief.be.  external  links  assessing  the  impact  of  cctv,  a  uk  home  office  study  on  the  effectiveness  of  closedcircuit  television
__label__situationalsurveillance body  worn  video  bwv,  also  known  as  body  cameras  and  bodyworn  cameras,  or  wearable  cameras  is  a  wearable  audio,  video,  or  photographic  recording  system.body  worn  video  has  a  range  of  uses  and  designs,  of  which  the  bestknown  use  is  as  a  part  of  policing  equipment.  other  uses  include  action  cameras  for  social  and  recreational  including  cycling,  within  commerce,  in  healthcare  and  medical  use,  in  military  use,  journalism,  citizen  sousveillance  and  covert  surveillance.nascent  research  on  the  impact  of  bodyworn  cameras  in  law  enforcement  shows  mixed  evidence  as  to  the  impact  of  cameras  on  the  use  of  force  by  law  enforcement  and
__label__situationalsurveillance communities  trust  in  police.  designs  body  worn  cameras  are  often  designed  to  be  worn  in  one  of  three  locations:  on  the  torso,  on  or  built  into  a  helmet,  and  on  or  built  into  glasses.  some  feature  live  streaming  capabilities  while  others  are  based  on  local  storage.  the  national  criminal  justice  technology  research,  test,  and  evaluation  center  has  conducted  market  surveys  on  the  body  worn  cameras  to  assist  organisations  in  purchasing  the  best  camera.  the  survey  discusses  device  functionality,  optics,  audio,  gps,  and  several  more  categories.  these  cameras  range  in  price  from  200  dollars  to  2,000  dollars.  applications  law  enforcement  wearable
__label__situationalsurveillance cameras  are  used  by  police  and  other  law  enforcement  organizations  in  countries  around  the  world.  the  cameras  are  intended  to  improve  interactions  between  officers  and  the  public.  the  first  generation  of  modern  police  body  cameras  was  introduced  around  2005  in  the  united  kingdom,  followed  from  2014  onwards  by  large  scale  implementation  in  the  united  states,  mainly  to  increase  transparency  and  police  accountability.  other  countries  have  followed  the  trend.  early  studies  overwhelmingly  showed  positive  results,  but  replications  have  led  to  mixed  findings.  outcomes  have  been  shown  to  differ  depending  on  the  local  context  and  the  guidelines  regulating  activation  of  the  bodycams.
__label__situationalsurveillance challenges  include  training,  privacy,  storage  and  the  use  of  recordings  further  downstream  in  the  judicial  system.  military  combat  body  worn  cameras,  as  well  as  helmet  cameras  are  used  in  the  military..  video  can  either  be  stored  locally,  or  streamed  back  to  a  command  center  or  military  outpost.  a  notable  instance  of  this  was  the  raid  on  osama  bin  ladens  compound,  where  live  video  footage  of  the  raid  is  believed  to  have  been  streamed  to  the  white  house.  in  2013,  a  british  royal  marine  soldier  was  convicted  of  murder  after  shooting  to  death  an  unarmed  and  injured  afghan  insurgent,  contrary  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  geneva  convention.  the  incident  had  been  recorded  by  a  helmet  camera  whose  images  and  sound  were  used  in  evidence  at  a  court  martial  relating  to  the  incident.  the  helmet  camera  has  been  the  focus  of  the  discovery  channels  series  taking  fire  about  the  101st  airborne  in  the  korengal  documenting  their  personal  war  footage.  in  2016  a  camera  recovered  from  the  helmet  of  a  dead  fighter  offers  a  contrasting  picture  of  chaos  and  panic  in  a  battle  with  kurdish  peshmerga.  firefighting  firefighters  use  helmet  cameras  as  a  tool  to  assess  fires  and  for  communication  and  training  purposes.  cameras  in  this
__label__situationalsurveillance occupation  are  often  thermal  cameras  in  order  to  be  able  to  see  in  darkness  and  inside  smokefilled  buildings.  augmented  reality  can  be  added  to  accentuate  outlines  of  objects  and  people.  healthcare  body  worn  video  has  been  suggested  and  explored  in  parts  of  the  medical  field.  data  recorded  from  wearable  cameras  can  assist  in  medical  research  and  limit  error  caused  by  inaccurate  selfreporting  of  data.  it  is  speculated  that  underreporting  is  common  when  conducting  dietary  and  nutrition  assessments.  research  suggests  body  worn  video  reduces  underreporting  of  intake  during  such  assessments.  cameras  can  for  example  be  used  as  a  memory  prosthetic  for
__label__situationalsurveillance conditions  that  affect  the  memory.  body  worn  devices  have  been  used  to  assist  in  clinical  settings.  in  2013,  google  glass  was  used  to  assist  in  surgery  by  providing  a  mostly  handsfree  way  to  broadcast  and  receive  consultation  from  another  surgeon.  body  cameras  were  provided  to  hospital  staff  by  the  cardiff  and  vale  health  board  in  wales,  united  kingdom.  the  cameras  were  issued  to  reduce  the  likelihood  of  violent  assaults  against  staff.  according  to  the  manager  who  provides  support  to  staff  who  have  been  attacked,  the  cameras  and  especially  the  audio  recording  have  been  vital  for  successful  prosecutions.  privacy  concerns  concerns
__label__situationalsurveillance over  privacy  have  been  raised  with  this  technology,  most  notably  in  the  context  of  google  glasses  and  policing.  the  advent  of  largescale  data  collection,  possibly  in  combination  with  facial  recognition  and  other  technologies  capable  of  interpreting  videos  in  bulk,  means  that  all  cameras,  including  body  worn  cameras,  could  create  a  means  of  tracking  people  anywhere  they  go.  in  policing,  critics  have  warned  that  each  police  officer  could  become  a  roving  surveillance  camera  police  will  interact  with  citizens  during  vulnerable  moments,  such  as  in  a  hospital,  or  in  a  domestic  violence  situation.  concerns  have  also  been  raised  that  this  algorithms  not
__label__situationalsurveillance only  infringe  on  privacy  rights,  but  could  also  be  ethnically  biased.  the  american  civil  liberties  union  has  suggested  policies  to  balance  citizens  rights  with  the  desire  for  more  transparency  and  accountability.  see  also  helmet  camerasousveillance  references  external  links  tanner  s.,  meyer  m.,  police  work  and  new  security  devices  :  a  tale  from  the  beat.  security  dialogue,  46  4,  2015:  384400.police  body  cameras:  what  do  you  see?.  the  new  york  times.
__label__situationalsurveillance mass  surveillance  is  the  intricate  surveillance  of  an  entire  or  a  substantial  fraction  of  a  population  in  order  to  monitor  that  group  of  citizens.  the  surveillance  is  often  carried  out  by  local  and  federal  governments  or  governmental  organisations,  such  as  organizations  like  the  nsa  and  the  fbi,  but  it  may  also  be  carried  out  by  corporations  either  on  behalf  of  governments  or  at  their  own  initiative.  depending  on  each  nations  laws  and  judicial  systems,  the  legality  of  and  the  permission  required  to  engage  in  mass  surveillance  varies.  it  is  the  single  most  indicative  distinguishing  trait  of  totalitarian  regimes.  it  is
__label__situationalsurveillance also  often  distinguished  from  targeted  surveillance.mass  surveillance  has  often  been  cited  as  necessary  to  fight  terrorism,  prevent  crime  and  social  unrest,  protect  national  security,  and  control  the  population.  conversely,  mass  surveillance  has  equally  often  been  criticized  for  violating  privacy  rights,  limiting  civil  and  political  rights  and  freedoms,  and  being  illegal  under  some  legal  or  constitutional  systems.  another  criticism  is  that  increasing  mass  surveillance  could  lead  to  the  development  of  a  surveillance  state  or  an  electronic  police  state  where  civil  liberties  are  infringed  or  political  dissent  is  undermined  by  cointelprolike  programs.  such  a  state  could  be  referred  to  as  a  totalitarian
__label__situationalsurveillance state.in  2013,  the  practice  of  mass  surveillance  by  world  governments  was  called  into  question  after  edward  snowdens  2013  global  surveillance  disclosure.  reporting  based  on  documents  snowden  leaked  to  various  media  outlets  triggered  a  debate  about  civil  liberties  and  the  right  to  privacy  in  the  digital  age.  mass  surveillance  is  considered  a  global  issue.  by  country  privacy  internationals  2007  survey,  covering  47  countries,  indicated  that  there  had  been  an  increase  in  surveillance  and  a  decline  in  the  performance  of  privacy  safeguards,  compared  to  the  previous  year.  balancing  these  factors,  eight  countries  were  rated  as  being  endemic  surveillance  societies.  of  these  eight,
__label__situationalsurveillance china,  malaysia  and  russia  scored  lowest,  followed  jointly  by  singapore  and  the  united  kingdom,  then  jointly  by  taiwan,  thailand  and  the  united  states.  the  best  ranking  was  given  to  greece,  which  was  judged  to  have  adequate  safeguards  against  abuse.many  countries  throughout  the  world  have  already  been  adding  thousands  of  surveillance  cameras  to  their  urban,  suburban  and  even  rural  areas.  for  example,  in  september  2007  the  american  civil  liberties  union  aclu  stated  that  we  are  in  danger  of  tipping  into  a  genuine  surveillance  society  completely  alien  to  american  values  with  the  potential  for  a  dark  future  where  our  every  move,  our
__label__situationalsurveillance every  transaction,  our  every  communication  is  recorded,  compiled,  and  stored  away,  ready  to  be  examined  and  used  against  us  by  the  authorities  whenever  they  want.on  12  march  2013,  reporters  without  borders  published  a  special  report  on  internet  surveillance.  the  report  included  a  list  of  state  enemies  of  the  internet,  countries  whose  governments  are  involved  in  active,  intrusive  surveillance  of  news  providers,  resulting  in  grave  violations  of  freedom  of  information  and  human  rights.  five  countries  were  placed  on  the  initial  list:  bahrain,  china,  iran,  syria,  and  vietnam.  australia  bahrain  bahrain  is  one  of  the  five  countries  on  reporters  without  borders  march
__label__situationalsurveillance 2013  list  of  state  enemies  of  the  internet,  countries  whose  governments  are  involved  in  active,  intrusive  surveillance  of  news  providers,  resulting  in  grave  violations  of  freedom  of  information  and  human  rights.  the  level  of  internet  filtering  and  surveillance  in  bahrain  is  one  of  the  highest  in  the  world.  the  royal  family  is  represented  in  all  areas  of  internet  management  and  has  sophisticated  tools  at  its  disposal  for  spying  on  its  subjects.  the  online  activities  of  dissidents  and  news  providers  are  closely  monitored  and  the  surveillance  is  increasing.  canada  china  china  is  one  of  the  five  countries  on  reporters  without  borders
__label__situationalsurveillance march  2013  list  of  state  enemies  of  the  internet,  countries  whose  governments  are  involved  in  active,  intrusive  surveillance  of  news  providers,  resulting  in  grave  violations  of  freedom  of  information  and  human  rights.  all  internet  access  in  china  is  owned  or  controlled  by  the  state  or  the  communist  party.  many  foreign  journalists  in  china  have  said  that  they  take  for  granted  that  their  telephones  are  tapped  and  their  email  is  monitored.the  tools  put  in  place  to  filter  and  monitor  the  internet  are  collectively  known  as  the  great  firewall  of  china.  besides  the  usual  routing  regulations  that  allow  access  to  an  ip
__label__situationalsurveillance address  or  a  particular  domain  name  to  be  blocked,  the  great  firewall  makes  largescale  use  of  deep  packet  inspection  dpi  technology  to  monitor  and  block  access  based  on  keyword  detection.  the  great  firewall  has  the  ability  to  dynamically  block  encrypted  connections.  one  of  the  countrys  main  isps,  china  unicom,  automatically  cuts  a  connection  as  soon  as  it  is  used  to  transmit  encrypted  content.the  monitoring  system  developed  by  china  is  not  confined  to  the  great  firewall,  monitoring  is  also  built  into  social  networks,  chat  services  and  voip.  private  companies  are  directly  responsible  to  the  chinese  authorities  for  surveillance  of  their  networks
__label__situationalsurveillance to  ensure  banned  messages  are  not  circulated.  the  qq  application,  owned  by  the  firm  tencent,  allows  the  authorities  to  monitor  in  detail  exchanges  between  internet  users  by  seeking  certain  keywords  and  expressions.  the  author  of  each  message  can  be  identified  by  his  or  her  user  number.  the  qq  application  is  effectively  a  giant  trojan  horse.  and  since  march  2012,  new  legislation  requires  all  new  users  of  microblogging  sites  to  register  using  their  own  name  and  telephone  number.skype,  one  of  the  worlds  most  popular  internet  telephone  platforms,  is  closely  monitored.  skype  services  in  china  are  available  through  a  local  partner,  the
__label__situationalsurveillance tom  media  group.  the  chineselanguage  version  of  skype,  known  as  tomskype,  is  slightly  different  from  the  downloadable  versions  in  other  countries.  a  report  by  opennet  initiative  asia  says  everyday  conversations  are  captured  on  servers.  interception  and  storage  of  a  conversation  may  be  triggered  by  a  senders  or  recipients  name  or  by  keywords  that  occur  in  the  conversation.on  30  january,  the  new  york  times  reported  that  it  had  been  the  target  of  attacks  by  the  chinese  government.  the  first  breach  took  place  on  13  september  2012  when  the  newspaper  was  preparing  to  publish  an  article  about  the  fortune  amassed  by  the
__label__situationalsurveillance family  of  outgoing  prime  minister  wen  jiabao.  the  newspaper  said  the  purpose  of  attacks  was  to  identify  the  sources  that  supplied  the  newspaper  with  information  about  corruption  among  the  prime  ministers  entourage.  the  wall  street  journal  and  cnn  also  said  they  had  been  the  targets  of  cyber  attacks  from  china.  in  february,  twitter  disclosed  that  the  accounts  of  some  250,000  subscribers  had  been  the  victims  of  attacks  from  china  similar  to  those  carried  out  on  the  new  york  times.  mandiant,  the  company  engaged  by  the  nyt  to  secure  its  network,  identified  the  source  of  the  attacks  as  a  group  of
__label__situationalsurveillance hackers  it  called  advanced  persistent  threat  1,  a  unit  of  the  peoples  liberation  army  operating  from  a  12story  building  in  the  suburbs  of  shanghai  that  had  hundreds,  possibly  thousands,  of  staff  and  the  direct  support  of  the  chinese  government.the  newest  form  of  mass  surveillance  in  china  is  the  social  credit  system,  where  citizens  and  businesses  are  given  or  deducted  good  behavior  points  depending  on  their  choices.according  to  ukbased  technology  research  organization,  comparitech,  a  city  in  china  called  chongqing  is  the  most  surveilled  city  in  the  entire  world,  with  2.5m  cameras  watching  over  almost  15.35  million  people.  as  per  the  data
__label__situationalsurveillance accumulated,  the  chinese  city  beats  shanghai,  beijing,  and  shenzhen,  in  terms  of  mass  surveillance  in  china.  east  germany  before  the  digital  revolution,  one  of  the  worlds  biggest  mass  surveillance  operations  was  carried  out  by  the  stasi,  the  secret  police  of  the  former  east  germany.  by  the  time  the  state  collapsed  in  1989,  the  stasi  had  built  up  an  estimated  civilian  network  of  300,000  informants  approximately  one  in  fifty  of  the  population,  who  monitored  even  minute  hints  of  political  dissent  among  other  citizens.  many  west  germans  visiting  friends  and  family  in  east  germany  were  also  subject  to  stasi  spying,  as  well
__label__situationalsurveillance as  many  highranking  west  german  politicians  and  persons  in  the  public  eye.most  east  german  citizens  were  well  aware  that  their  government  was  spying  on  them,  which  led  to  a  culture  of  mistrust:  touchy  political  issues  were  only  discussed  in  the  comfort  of  their  own  four  walls  and  only  with  the  closest  of  friends  and  family  members,  while  widely  maintaining  a  faade  of  unquestioning  followership  in  public.  european  union  the  right  to  privacy  is  a  highly  developed  area  of  law  in  europe.  the  data  protection  directive  regulates  the  processing  of  personal  data  within  the  european  union.  for  comparison,  the  us  has
__label__situationalsurveillance no  data  protection  law  that  is  comparable  to  this;  instead,  the  us  regulates  data  protection  on  a  sectoral  basis.since  early  2012,  the  european  union  has  been  working  on  a  general  data  protection  regulation  to  replace  the  data  protection  directive  and  harmonise  data  protection  and  privacy  law.  on  20  october  2013,  a  committee  at  the  european  parliament  backed  the  measure,  which,  if  it  is  enacted,  could  require  american  companies  to  seek  clearance  from  european  officials  before  complying  with  united  states  warrants  seeking  private  data.  the  vote  is  part  of  efforts  in  europe  to  shield  citizens  from  online  surveillance  in  the  wake
__label__situationalsurveillance of  revelations  about  a  farreaching  spying  program  by  the  u.s.  national  security  agency.  european  union  justice  and  rights  commissioner  viviane  reding  said  the  question  has  arisen  whether  the  largescale  collection  and  processing  of  personal  information  under  us  surveillance  programmes  is  necessary  and  proportionate  to  meet  the  interests  of  national  security.  the  eu  is  also  asking  the  us  for  changes  to  us  legislation  to  match  the  legal  redress  offered  in  europe;  american  citizens  in  europe  can  go  to  the  courts  if  they  feel  their  rights  are  infringed  but  europeans  without  right  of  residence  in  america  cannot.  when  the  eu  /  us
__label__situationalsurveillance arrangement  to  implement  international  safe  harbor  privacy  principles  were  struck  down  by  the  european  court  of  justice,  a  new  framework  for  transatlantic  data  flows,  called  the  euus  privacy  shield,  was  adopted  in  july  2016.in  april  2014,  the  european  court  of  justice  declared  invalid  the  eu  data  retention  directive.  the  court  said  it  violates  two  basic  rights  respect  for  private  life  and  protection  of  personal  data.  the  legislative  body  of  the  european  union  passed  the  data  retention  directive  on  15  december  2005.  it  requires  that  telecommunication  operators  retain  metadata  for  telephone,  internet,  and  other  telecommunication  services  for  periods  of  not  less
__label__situationalsurveillance than  six  months  and  not  more  than  two  years  from  the  date  of  the  communication  as  determined  by  each  eu  member  state  and,  upon  request,  to  make  the  data  available  to  various  governmental  bodies.  access  to  this  information  is  not  limited  to  investigation  of  serious  crimes,  nor  is  a  warrant  required  for  access.undertaken  under  the  seventh  framework  programme  for  research  and  technological  development  fp7  science  in  society  some  multidisciplinary  and  mission  oriented  mass  surveillance  activities  for  example  indect  and  hide  were  funded  by  the  european  commission  in  association  with  industrial  partners.the  indect  project  intelligent  information  system  supporting  observation,  searching  and
__label__situationalsurveillance detection  for  security  of  citizens  in  urban  environment  develops  an  intelligent  urban  environment  observation  system  to  register  and  exchange  operational  data  for  the  automatic  detection,  recognition  and  intelligent  processing  of  all  information  of  abnormal  behaviour  or  violence.the  main  expected  results  of  the  indect  project  are:trial  of  intelligent  analysis  of  video  and  audio  data  for  threat  detection  in  urban  environments,creation  of  tools  and  technology  for  privacy  and  data  protection  during  storage  and  transmission  of  information  using  quantum  cryptography  and  new  methods  of  digital  watermarking,performing  computeraided  detection  of  threats  and  targeted  crimes  in  internet  resources  with  privacyprotecting  solutions,construction  of  a  search  engine
__label__situationalsurveillance for  rapid  semantic  search  based  on  watermarking  of  content  related  to  child  pornography  and  human  organ  trafficking,implementation  of  a  distributed  computer  system  that  is  capable  of  effective  intelligent  processing.hide  homeland  security,  biometric  identification  personal  detection  ethics  was  a  research  project  funded  by  the  european  commission  within  the  scope  of  the  seventh  rtd  framework  programme  fp7.  the  consortium,  coordinated  by  emilio  mordini,  explored  the  ethical  and  privacy  implications  of  biometrics  and  personal  detection  technologies,  focusing  on  the  continuum  between  personal  detection,  authentication,  identification  and  mass  surveillance.  france  germany  in  2002  german  citizens  were  tipped  off  about  wiretapping  when  a  software  error
__label__situationalsurveillance led  to  a  phone  number  allocated  to  the  german  secret  service  being  listed  on  mobile  telephone  bills.  india  the  indian  parliament  passed  the  information  technology  act  of  2008  with  no  debate,  giving  the  government  fiat  power  to  tap  all  communications  without  a  court  order  or  a  warrant.  section  69  of  the  act  states  section  69  empowers  the  central  government/state  government/  its  authorized  agency  to  intercept,  monitor  or  decrypt  any  information  generated,  transmitted,  received  or  stored  in  any  computer  resource  if  it  is  necessary  or  expedient  so  to  do  in  the  interest  of  the  sovereignty  or  integrity  of  india,  defence  of
__label__situationalsurveillance india,  security  of  the  state,  friendly  relations  with  foreign  states  or  public  order  or  for  preventing  incitement  to  the  commission  of  any  cognizable  offence  or  for  investigation  of  any  offence.india  is  setting  up  a  national  intelligence  grid  called  natgrid,  which  would  be  fully  set  up  by  may  2011  where  each  individuals  data  ranging  from  land  records,  internet  logs,  air  and  rail  pnr,  phone  records,  gun  records,  driving  license,  property  records,  insurance,  and  income  tax  records  would  be  available  in  real  time  and  with  no  oversight.  with  a  uid  from  the  unique  identification  authority  of  india  being  given  to  every  indian
__label__situationalsurveillance from  february  2011,  the  government  would  be  able  track  people  in  real  time.  a  national  population  registry  of  all  citizens  will  be  established  by  the  2011  census,  during  which  fingerprints  and  iris  scans  would  be  taken  along  with  gps  records  of  each  household.as  per  the  initial  plan,  access  to  the  combined  data  will  be  given  to  11  agencies,  including  the  research  and  analysis  wing,  the  intelligence  bureau,  the  enforcement  directorate,  the  national  investigation  agency,  the  central  bureau  of  investigation,  the  directorate  of  revenue  intelligence  and  the  narcotics  control  bureau.several  states  within  india  have  already  installed  cctv  surveillance  systems  with  face
__label__situationalsurveillance matching  capabilities  using  biometrics  in  aadhaar.  andhra  pradesh  and  telangana  are  using  information  linked  with  aadhaar  across  different  agencies  to  create  a  360degree  profile  of  a  person,  calling  it  the  integration  information  hub.  other  states  are  now  planning  to  follow  this  model.  iran  iran  is  one  of  the  five  countries  on  reporters  without  borders  march  2013  list  of  state  enemies  of  the  internet,  countries  whose  governments  are  involved  in  naturally  active  efforts  to  news  providers  .  the  government  runs  or  controls  almost  all  of  the  countrys  institutions  for  regulating,  managing  or  legislating  on  telecommunications.  the  supreme  council  for  cyberspace,  which
__label__situationalsurveillance was  headed  by  president  ahmadinejad,  was  established  in  march  2012  and  now  determines  digital  policy.  the  construction  of  a  parallel  iranian  internet,  with  a  high  connection  speed  but  fully  monitored  and  censored,  is  almost  complete.the  tools  used  by  the  iranian  authorities  to  monitor  and  control  the  internet  include  data  interception  tools  capable  of  deep  packet  inspection.  interception  products  from  leading  chinese  companies  such  as  zte  and  huawei  are  in  use.  the  products  provided  by  huawei  to  mobin  net,  the  leading  national  provider  of  mobile  broadband,  can  be  used  to  analyze  email  content,  track  browsing  history  and  block  access  to  sites.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  products  that  zta  sold  to  the  telecommunication  company  of  iran  tci  offer  similar  services  plus  the  possibility  of  monitoring  the  mobile  network.  european  companies  are  the  source  of  other  spying  and  data  analysis  tools.  products  designed  by  ericsson  and  nokia  siemens  networks  later  trovicor  are  in  use.  these  companies  sold  sms  interception  and  user  location  products  to  mobile  communication  company  of  iran  and  irancell,  irans  two  biggest  mobile  phone  companies,  in  2009  and  they  were  used  to  identify  iranian  citizens  during  the  postelection  uprising  in  2009.  the  use  of  israeli  surveillance  devices  has  also  been  detected  in  iran.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance network  traffic  management  and  surveillance  device  netenforcer  was  provided  by  israel  to  denmark  and  then  resold  to  iran.  similarly,  us  equipment  has  found  its  way  to  iran  via  the  chinese  company  zte.  malaysia  in  july  2018,  the  malaysian  police  announced  the  creation  of  the  malaysian  internet  crime  against  children  investigation  unit  micac  that  is  equipped  with  realtime  mass  internet  surveillance  software  developed  in  the  united  states  and  is  tasked  with  the  monitoring  of  all  malaysian  internet  users,  with  a  focus  on  pornography  and  child  pornography.  the  system  creates  a  data  library  of  users  which  includes  details  such  as  ip  addresses,
__label__situationalsurveillance websites,  locations,  duration  and  frequency  of  use  and  files  uploaded  and  downloaded.  mexico  after  struggling  with  drug  trafficking  and  criminal  groups  for  decades  mexico  has  been  strengthening  their  military  mass  surveillance.  approximately  half  of  the  population  in  mexico  does  not  support  democracy  as  a  form  of  government,  and  believe  an  authoritarian  system  is  better  if  social  matters  are  solved  through  it.  the  relevance  of  these  political  beliefs  may  make  it  easier  for  mass  surveillance  to  take  spread  within  the  country.  this  does  not  necessarily  mean  the  end  of  democratic  institutions  as  a  wholesuch  as  free  elections  or  the  permanence  of
__label__situationalsurveillance critical  mass  mediabut  it  means  strengthening  the  mechanisms  for  exercising  power  that  exclude  dialogue,  transparency  and  social  agreement.  developing  intelligence  agencies  has  been  on  mexicos  radar  for  a  while  for  means  of  security.  netherlands  according  to  a  2004  report,  the  government  of  the  netherlands  carries  out  more  clandestine  wiretaps  and  intercepts  than  any  country,  per  capita,  in  the  world.  the  dutch  military  intelligence  service  mivd  operates  a  satellite  ground  station  to  intercept  foreign  satellite  links  and  also  a  facility  to  eavesdrop  on  foreign  highfrequency  radio  traffic.  north  korea  having  attained  the  nickname  surveillance  state,  north  koreas  government  has  complete  control
__label__situationalsurveillance over  all  forms  of  telecommunications  and  internet.  it  is  routine  to  be  sent  to  a  prison  camp  for  communicating  with  the  outside  world.  the  government  enforces  restrictions  around  the  types  of  appliances  north  koreans  may  own  in  their  home,  in  case  radio  or  tv  sets  pick  up  signals  from  nearby  south  korea,  china  and  russia.  there  is  no  attempt  to  mask  the  way  this  government  actively  spies  on  their  citizens.  in  north  korea,  an  increasing  number  of  citizens  do  have  smartphones.  however,  these  devices  are  heavily  controlled  and  are  being  used  to  censor  and  observe  everything  north  koreans  do  on
__label__situationalsurveillance their  phones.  reuters  reported  in  2015  that  koryolink,  north  koreas  official  mobile  phone  network,  has  around  3  million  subscribers  in  a  country  of  24  million.  obviously,  in  order  to  have  digital  data  to  draw  from,  the  citizens  must  have  access  to  phones  and  other  things  online.  russia  the  sorm  and  sorm2  laws  enable  complete  monitoring  of  any  communication,  electronic  or  traditional,  by  eight  state  agencies,  without  warrant.  these  laws  seem  to  be  in  conflict  with  article  23  of  the  constitution  of  russia  which  states:everyone  shall  have  the  right  to  the  inviolability  of  private  life,  personal  and  family  secrets,  the  protection
__label__situationalsurveillance of  honour  and  good  name.everyone  shall  have  the  right  to  privacy  of  correspondence,  of  telephone  conversations,  postal,  telegraph  and  other  messages.  limitations  of  this  right  shall  be  allowed  only  by  court  decision.in  2015,  the  european  court  for  human  rights  ruled  that  the  legislation  violated  article  8  of  the  european  convention  on  human  rights  zakharov  v.  russia.yarovaya  law  required  storage  and  unconditional  access  to  private  communication  data  for  law  enforcement.  singapore  singapore  is  known  as  a  city  of  sensors.  singapores  surveillance  structure  spreads  widely  from  closedcircuit  television  in  public  areas  even  around  the  neighbourhood,  internet  monitoring/  traffic  monitoring  and  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance use  of  surveillance  metadata  for  government  initiatives.  in  singapore,  sim  card  registration  is  mandatory  even  for  prepaid  card.  singapores  government  have  the  rights  to  access  communication  data.  singapores  largest  telecompany,  singtel,  has  close  relations  to  the  government  and  singapores  laws  are  broadly  phrased  to  allow  the  government  to  obtain  sensitive  data  such  as  textmessages,  email,  call  logs  and  web  surfing  history  from  its  people  without  the  need  for  court  permission.the  installation  of  mass  surveillance  cameras  in  singapore  is  an  effort  to  act  as  a  deterrence  not  only  for  terror  attacks  but  also  for  public  security  such  as  loan  sharks,  illegal
__label__situationalsurveillance parking  and  more.  as  part  of  singapores  smart  nation  initiative  to  build  a  network  of  sensors  to  collect  and  connect  data  from  city  life  including  the  citizens  movement,  the  singapore  government  rolled  out  1000  sensors  ranging  from  computer  chips  to  surveillance  cameras,  to  track  almost  everything  in  singapore  from  air  quality  to  public  safety  in  2014.in  2016,  in  a  bid  to  increase  security,  the  singapore  police  force  installed  62,000  police  cameras  in  10,000  housing  and  development  board  hdb  blocks  covering  the  lifts  and  multistorey  car  parks.  with  rising  security  concerns,  the  number  of  cctv  cameras  in  public  areas  such  as
__label__situationalsurveillance monitoring  of  the  public  transport  system  and  commercial/  government  buildings  in  singapore  is  set  to  increase.in  2018,  the  singapore  government  would  be  rolling  out  new  and  more  advanced  surveillance  systems.  starting  with  singapores  maritime  borders,  new  panoramic  electrooptic  sensors  will  be  put  in  place  on  the  north  and  south  coasts,  monitoring  a  360degree  view  of  the  area.  a  tethered  unmanned  aerial  vehicle  uav  will  also  be  operational,  which  can  be  used  during  search  and  rescue  operations  including  hostage  situations  and  public  order  incidents.  spain  according  to  a  2017  report  by  privacy  international,  spain  may  be  part  of  a  group  of
__label__situationalsurveillance 21  european  countries  that  is  withholding  information,  also  known  as  data  retention.  in  2014,  many  defense  lawyers  tried  to  overturn  multiple  cases  that  used  mass  storage  as  their  evidence  to  convict,  according  to  the  european  agency  for  fundamental  rights.  sweden  prior  to  2009,  the  national  defence  radio  establishment  fra  was  limited  to  wireless  signals  intelligence  sigint,  although  it  was  left  largely  unregulated.  in  december  2009,  new  legislation  went  into  effect,  allowing  the  fra  to  monitor  cable  bound  signals  passing  the  swedish  border.  communications  service  providers  are  legally  required,  under  confidentiality,  to  transfer  cable  communications  crossing  swedish  borders  to  specific  interaction
__label__situationalsurveillance points,  where  data  may  be  accessed  after  a  court  order.the  fra  has  been  contested  since  the  change  in  its  legislation,  mainly  because  of  the  public  perception  the  change  would  enable  mass  surveillance.  the  fra  categorically  deny  this  allegation,  as  they  are  not  allowed  to  initialize  any  surveillance  on  their  own,  and  has  no  direct  access  to  communication  lines.  all  sigint  has  to  be  authorized  by  a  special  court  and  meet  a  set  of  narrow  requirements,  something  minister  for  defence  sten  tolgfors  have  been  quoted  as  saying,  should  render  the  debate  on  mass  surveillance  invalid.  due  to  the  architecture  of  internet
__label__situationalsurveillance backbones  in  the  nordic  area,  a  large  portion  of  norwegian  and  finnish  traffic  will  also  be  affected  by  the  swedish  wiretapping.  syria  syria  is  one  of  the  five  countries  on  reporters  without  borders  march  2013  list  of  state  enemies  of  the  internet,  countries  whose  governments  are  involved  in  active,  intrusive  surveillance  of  news  providers,  resulting  in  grave  violations  of  freedom  of  information  and  human  rights.  syria  has  stepped  up  its  web  censorship  and  cybermonitoring  as  the  countrys  civil  war  has  intensified.  at  least  13  blue  coat  proxy  servers  are  in  use,  skype  calls  are  intercepted,  and  social  engineering  techniques,  phishing,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  malware  attacks  are  all  in  use.  turkey  the  failed  coup  attempt  15  june  2016  led  to  an  authoritarian  shift  that  uses  mass  surveillance  to  suppress  opposite  views.  digital  surveillance  is  part  of  everyday  life  due  to  the  box  the  government  puts  the  turkish  citizens  in.  it  is  increasingly  difficult  to  release  any  academic  knowledge  beyond  what  the  turkish  government  wants  to  be  released.  they  have  a  digital  and  physical  strong  hold  over  any  knowledge  that  goes  against  their  regime.  today,  the  surveillance  of  academicians  goes  along  with  the  states  oppression  in  turkey.  it  is  hard  to  say  what  will
__label__situationalsurveillance happen  in  the  next  few  years  in  turkey  as  they  become  increasingly  more  authoritarian.  the  centralization  of  state  power  along  with  digitalization  expands  the  scope  of  the  state  surveillance.  the  digitalization  and  the  centralization  of  state  power  are  closely  related  to  the  regime  of  power  that  becomes  prominent  in  this  conjuncture.  national  security  and  terrorism  are  turkeys  main  explanations  to  the  world  on  this  topic,  although  there  is  clearly  more  happening  there.  according  to  the  report  of  human  rights  joint  platform  published  on  23  february  2017,  during  the  nine  months  period  of  the  state  of  emergency,  the  number  of  dismissed
__label__situationalsurveillance academicians  reached  4,811,  increasing  to  7,619  with  the  addition  of  academicians  who  were  working  in  the  universities  closed  after  the  failed  coup  attempt.  the  extended  surveillance  in  turkey  helped  them  to  control  the  population  at  a  massive  scale.  united  kingdom  state  surveillance  in  the  united  kingdom  has  formed  part  of  the  public  consciousness  since  the  19th  century.  the  postal  espionage  crisis  of  1844  sparked  the  first  panic  over  the  privacy  of  citizens.  however,  in  the  20th  century,  electronic  surveillance  capabilities  grew  out  of  wartime  signal  intelligence  and  pioneering  code  breaking.  in  1946,  the  government  communications  headquarters  gchq  was  formed.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance united  kingdom  and  the  united  states  signed  the  bilateral  ukusa  agreement  in  1948.  it  was  later  broadened  to  include  canada,  australia  and  new  zealand,  as  well  as  cooperation  with  several  thirdparty  nations.  this  became  the  cornerstone  of  western  intelligence  gathering  and  the  special  relationship  between  the  uk  and  the  usa.after  the  growth  of  the  internet  and  development  of  the  world  wide  web,  a  series  of  media  reports  in  2013  revealed  more  recent  programs  and  techniques  involving  gchq,  such  as  tempora.the  use  of  these  capabilities  is  controlled  by  laws  made  in  the  uk  parliament.  in  particular,  access  to  the  content  of
__label__situationalsurveillance private  messages  that  is,  interception  of  a  communication  must  be  authorized  by  a  warrant  signed  by  a  secretary  of  state.  in  addition  european  union  data  privacy  law  applies  in  uk  law.  the  uk  exhibits  governance  and  safeguards  as  well  as  use  of  electronic  surveillance.the  investigatory  powers  tribunal,  a  judicial  oversight  body  for  the  intelligence  agencies,  ruled  in  december  2014  that  the  legislative  framework  in  the  united  kingdom  does  not  breach  the  european  convention  on  human  rights.  however,  the  tribunal  stated  in  february  2015  that  one  particular  aspect,  the  data  sharing  arrangement  that  allowed  uk  intelligence  services  to  request  data  from
__label__situationalsurveillance the  us  surveillance  programs  prism  and  upstream,  had  been  in  contravention  of  human  rights  law  prior  to  this  until  two  paragraphs  of  additional  information,  providing  details  about  the  procedures  and  safeguards,  were  disclosed  to  the  public  in  december  2014.in  its  december  2014  ruling,  the  investigatory  powers  tribunal  found  that  the  legislative  framework  in  the  united  kingdom  does  not  permit  mass  surveillance  and  that  while  gchq  collects  and  analyses  data  in  bulk,  it  does  not  practice  mass  surveillance.  a  report  on  privacy  and  security  published  by  the  intelligence  and  security  committee  of  parliament  also  came  to  this  view,  although  it  found
__label__situationalsurveillance past  shortcomings  in  oversight  and  said  the  legal  framework  should  be  simplified  to  improve  transparency.  this  view  is  supported  by  independent  reports  from  the  interception  of  communications  commissioner.  however,  notable  civil  liberties  groups  continue  to  express  strong  views  to  the  contrary  and  plan  to  appeal  the  ruling  to  the  european  court  of  human  rights,  while  others  have  criticised  these  viewpoints  in  turn.the  regulation  of  investigatory  powers  act  2000  rip  or  ripa  is  a  significant  piece  of  legislation  that  granted  and  regulated  the  powers  of  public  bodies  to  carry  out  surveillance  and  investigation.  in  2002  the  uk  government  announced  plans  to
__label__situationalsurveillance extend  the  regulation  of  investigatory  powers  act  so  that  at  least  28  government  departments  would  be  given  powers  to  access  metadata  about  citizens  web,  email,  telephone  and  fax  records,  without  a  warrant  and  without  a  subjects  knowledge.the  protection  of  freedoms  act  2012  includes  several  provisions  related  to  controlling  and  restricting  the  collection,  storage,  retention,  and  use  of  information  in  government  databases.supported  by  all  three  major  political  parties,  the  uk  parliament  passed  the  data  retention  and  investigatory  powers  act  in  july  2014  to  ensure  police  and  security  services  retain  existing  powers  to  access  phone  and  internet  records.this  was  superseded  by  the
__label__situationalsurveillance investigatory  powers  act  2016,  a  comprehensive  statute  which  made  public  a  number  of  previously  secret  powers  equipment  interference,  bulk  retention  of  metadata,  intelligence  agency  use  of  bulk  personal  datasets,  and  enables  the  government  to  require  internet  service  providers  and  mobile  phone  companies  to  maintain  records  of  but  not  the  content  of  customers  internet  connections  for  12  months.  in  addition,  it  created  new  safeguards,  including  a  requirement  for  judges  to  approve  the  warrants  authorised  by  a  secretary  of  state  before  they  come  into  force.  the  act  was  informed  by  two  reports  by  david  anderson  qc,  the  uks  independent  reviewer  of  terrorism
__label__situationalsurveillance legislation:  a  question  of  trust  2015  and  the  report  of  his  bulk  powers  review  2016,  which  contains  a  detailed  appraisal  with  60  case  studies  of  the  operational  case  for  the  powers  often  characterised  as  mass  surveillance.  it  may  yet  require  amendment  as  a  consequence  of  legal  cases  brought  before  the  court  of  justice  of  the  european  union  and  the  european  court  of  human  rights.many  advanced  nationstates  have  implemented  laws  that  partially  protect  citizens  from  unwarranted  intrusion,  such  as  the  human  rights  act  1998  and  data  protection  act  1998  in  the  united  kingdom,  and  laws  that  require  a  formal  warrant  before
__label__situationalsurveillance private  data  may  be  gathered  by  a  government.the  uk  is  a  member  of  the  european  union,  participates  in  its  programs,  and  is  subject  to  eu  policies  and  directives  on  surveillance.the  vast  majority  of  video  surveillance  cameras  in  the  uk  are  not  operated  by  government  bodies,  but  by  private  individuals  or  companies,  especially  to  monitor  the  interiors  of  shops  and  businesses.  according  to  2011  freedom  of  information  act  requests,  the  total  number  of  local  government  operated  cctv  cameras  was  around  52,000  over  the  entirety  of  the  uk.  the  prevalence  of  video  surveillance  in  the  uk  is  often  overstated  due  to  unreliable
__label__situationalsurveillance estimates  being  requoted;  for  example  one  report  in  2002  extrapolated  from  a  very  small  sample  to  estimate  the  number  of  cameras  in  the  uk  at  4.2  million  of  which  500,000  in  london.  more  reliable  estimates  put  the  number  of  private  and  local  government  operated  cameras  in  the  united  kingdom  at  around  1.85  million  in  2011.  united  states  historically,  mass  surveillance  was  used  as  part  of  wartime  censorship  to  control  communications  that  could  damage  the  war  effort  and  aid  the  enemy.  for  example,  during  the  world  wars,  every  international  telegram  from  or  to  the  united  states  sent  through  companies  such  as
__label__situationalsurveillance western  union  was  reviewed  by  the  us  military.  after  the  wars  were  over,  surveillance  continued  in  programs  such  as  the  black  chamber  following  world  war  i  and  project  shamrock  following  world  war  ii.  cointelpro  projects  conducted  by  the  u.s.  federal  bureau  of  investigation  fbi  between  1956  and  1971  targeted  various  subversive  organizations,  including  peaceful  antiwar  and  racial  equality  activists  such  as  albert  einstein  and  martin  luther  king  jr.billions  of  dollars  per  year  are  spent,  by  agencies  such  as  the  national  security  agency  nsa  and  the  federal  bureau  of  investigation  fbi,  to  develop,  purchase,  implement,  and  operate  systems  such  as  carnivore,
__label__situationalsurveillance echelon,  and  narusinsight  to  intercept  and  analyze  the  immense  amount  of  data  that  traverses  the  internet  and  telephone  system  every  day.since  the  11  september  2001,  terrorist  attacks,  a  vast  domestic  and  to  some  extent,  global  intelligence  apparatus  has  been  built  to  collect  information  using  the  nsa,  fbi,  local  police,  state  homeland  security  offices  and  military  criminal  investigators.  the  intelligence  apparatus  collects,  analyzes  and  stores  information  about  millions  of  if  not  all  american  and  sometimes  foreign  citizens,  many  of  whom  have  not  been  accused  of  any  wrongdoing.under  the  mail  isolation  control  and  tracking  program,  the  u.s.  postal  service  photographs  the  exterior
__label__situationalsurveillance of  every  piece  of  paper  mail  that  is  processed  in  the  united  states  about  160  billion  pieces  in  2012.  the  u.s.  postmaster  general  stated  that  the  system  is  primarily  used  for  mail  sorting,  but  the  images  are  available  for  possible  use  by  law  enforcement  agencies.  created  in  2001  following  the  anthrax  attacks  that  killed  five  people,  it  is  a  sweeping  expansion  of  a  100yearold  program  called  mail  cover  which  targets  people  suspected  of  crimes.the  fbi  developed  the  computer  programs  magic  lantern  and  cipav,  which  they  can  remotely  install  on  a  computer  system,  in  order  to  monitor  a  persons  computer  activity.the
__label__situationalsurveillance nsa  has  been  gathering  information  on  financial  records,  internet  surfing  habits,  and  monitoring  emails.  they  have  also  performed  extensive  analysis  of  social  networks  such  as  myspace.the  prism  special  source  operation  system  legally  immunized  private  companies  that  cooperate  voluntarily  with  u.s.  intelligence  collection.  according  to  the  register,  the  fisa  amendments  act  of  2008  specifically  authorizes  intelligence  agencies  to  monitor  the  phone,  email,  and  other  communications  of  u.s.  citizens  for  up  to  a  week  without  obtaining  a  warrant  when  one  of  the  parties  is  outside  the  u.s.  prism  was  first  publicly  revealed  on  6  june  2013,  after  classified  documents  about  the  program
__label__situationalsurveillance were  leaked  to  the  washington  post  and  the  guardian  by  american  edward  snowden.the  communications  assistance  for  law  enforcement  act  calea  requires  that  all  u.s.  telecommunications  and  internet  service  providers  modify  their  networks  to  allow  easy  wiretapping  of  telephone,  voip,  and  broadband  internet  traffic.in  early  2006,  usa  today  reported  that  several  major  telephone  companies  were  providing  the  telephone  call  records  of  u.s.  citizens  to  the  national  security  agency  nsa,  which  is  storing  them  in  a  large  database  known  as  the  nsa  call  database.  this  report  came  on  the  heels  of  allegations  that  the  u.s.  government  had  been  conducting  electronic  surveillance  of
__label__situationalsurveillance domestic  telephone  calls  without  warrants.  in  2013,  the  existence  of  the  hemisphere  project,  through  which  att  provides  telephone  call  data  to  federal  agencies,  became  publicly  known.traffic  cameras,  which  were  meant  to  help  enforce  traffic  laws  at  intersections,  may  be  used  by  law  enforcement  agencies  for  purposes  unrelated  to  traffic  violations.  some  cameras  allow  for  the  identification  of  individuals  inside  a  vehicle  and  license  plate  data  to  be  collected  and  time  stamped  for  cross  reference  with  other  data  used  by  police.  the  department  of  homeland  security  is  funding  networks  of  surveillance  cameras  in  cities  and  towns  as  part  of  its  efforts
__label__situationalsurveillance to  combat  terrorism.the  new  york  city  police  department  infiltrated  and  compiled  dossiers  on  protest  groups  before  the  2004  republican  national  convention,  leading  to  over  1,800  arrests.modern  surveillance  in  the  united  states  was  thought  of  more  of  a  wartime  effort  before  snowden  disclosed  in  depth  information  about  the  national  security  agency  in  june  2013.  the  constant  development  and  improvements  of  the  internet  and  technology  has  made  it  easier  for  mass  surveillance  to  take  hold.  such  revelations  allow  critical  commentators  to  raise  questions  and  scrutinize  the  implementation,  use,  and  abuse  of  networking  technologies,  devices,  and  software  systems  that  partake  in  a  global
__label__situationalsurveillance surveillant  assemblage  bogard  2006;  collier  and  ong  2004;  haggerty  and  ericson  2000;  murakami  wood  2013.  the  nsa  collected  millions  of  verizon  users  telephone  records  in  between  20132014.  the  nsa  also  collected  data  through  google  and  facebook  with  a  program  called  prism.  journalists  through  snowden  published  nearly  7,000  topsecret  documents  since  then,  yet  the  information  disclosed  seems  to  be  less  than  1  of  the  entire  information.  having  access  to  every  individuals  private  records  seems  to  directly  contradict  the  fourth  amendment.  vietnam  vietnam  is  one  of  the  five  countries  on  reporters  without  borders  march  2013  list  of  state  enemies  of  the  internet,
__label__situationalsurveillance countries  whose  governments  are  involved  in  active,  intrusive  surveillance  of  news  providers,  resulting  in  grave  violations  of  freedom  of  information  and  human  rights.  most  of  the  countrys  16  service  providers  are  directly  or  indirectly  controlled  by  the  vietnamese  communist  party.  the  industry  leader,  vietnam  posts  and  telecommunications  group,  which  controls  74  per  cent  of  the  market,  is  stateowned.  so  is  viettel,  an  enterprise  of  the  vietnamese  armed  forces.  fpt  telecom  is  a  private  firm,  but  is  accountable  to  the  party  and  depends  on  the  market  leaders  for  bandwidth.service  providers  are  the  major  instruments  of  control  and  surveillance.  bloggers  monitored  by
__label__situationalsurveillance the  government  frequently  undergo  maninthemiddle  attacks.  these  are  designed  to  intercept  data  meant  to  be  sent  to  secure  https  sites,  allowing  passwords  and  other  communication  to  be  intercepted.  according  to  a  july  2012  freedom  house  report,  91  percent  of  survey  respondents  connected  to  the  internet  on  their  mobile  devices  and  the  government  monitors  conversations  and  tracks  the  calls  of  activists  or  reactionaries.  commercial  mass  surveillance  as  a  result  of  the  digital  revolution,  many  aspects  of  life  are  now  captured  and  stored  in  digital  form.  concern  has  been  expressed  that  governments  may  use  this  information  to  conduct  mass  surveillance  on  their
__label__situationalsurveillance populations.  commercial  mass  surveillance  often  makes  use  of  copyright  laws  and  user  agreements  to  obtain  typically  uninformed  consent  to  surveillance  from  consumers  who  use  their  software  or  other  related  materials.  this  allows  gathering  of  information  which  would  be  technically  illegal  if  performed  by  government  agencies.  this  data  is  then  often  shared  with  government  agencies  thereby  in  practice  defeating  the  purpose  of  such  privacy  protections.one  of  the  most  common  forms  of  mass  surveillance  is  carried  out  by  commercial  organizations.  many  people  are  willing  to  join  supermarket  and  grocery  loyalty  card  programs,  trading  their  personal  information  and  surveillance  of  their  shopping  habits
__label__situationalsurveillance in  exchange  for  a  discount  on  their  groceries,  although  base  prices  might  be  increased  to  encourage  participation  in  the  program.through  programs  like  googles  adsense,  opensocial  and  their  increasing  pool  of  socalled  web  gadgets,  social  gadgets  and  other  googlehosted  services  many  web  sites  on  the  internet  are  effectively  feeding  user  information  about  sites  visited  by  the  users,  and  now  also  their  social  connections,  to  google.  facebook  also  keep  this  information,  although  its  acquisition  is  limited  to  page  views  within  facebook.  this  data  is  valuable  for  authorities,  advertisers  and  others  interested  in  profiling  users,  trends  and  web  site  marketing  performance.  google,  facebook
__label__situationalsurveillance and  others  are  increasingly  becoming  more  guarded  about  this  data  as  their  reach  increases  and  the  data  becomes  more  all  inclusive,  making  it  more  valuable.new  features  like  geolocation  give  an  even  increased  admission  of  monitoring  capabilities  to  large  service  providers  like  google,  where  they  also  are  enabled  to  track  ones  physical  movements  while  users  are  using  mobile  devices,  especially  those  which  are  syncing  without  any  user  interaction.  googles  gmail  service  is  increasingly  employing  features  to  work  as  a  standalone  application  which  also  might  activate  while  a  web  browser  is  not  even  active  for  synchronizing;  a  feature  mentioned  on  the  google
__label__situationalsurveillance i/o  2009  developer  conference  while  showing  the  upcoming  html5  features  which  google  and  others  are  actively  defining  and  promoting.in  2008  at  the  world  economic  forum  in  davos,  google  ceo  eric  schmidt,  said:  the  arrival  of  a  truly  mobile  web,  offering  a  new  generation  of  locationbased  advertising,  is  set  to  unleash  a  huge  revolution.at  the  mobile  world  congress  in  barcelona  on  16  february  2010,  google  presented  their  vision  of  a  new  business  model  for  mobile  operators  and  trying  to  convince  mobile  operators  to  embrace  locationbased  services  and  advertising.  with  google  as  the  advertising  provider,  it  would  mean  that  every  mobile  operator
__label__situationalsurveillance using  their  locationbased  advertising  service  would  be  revealing  the  location  of  their  mobile  customers  to  google.organizations  like  the  electronic  frontier  foundation  are  constantly  informing  users  on  the  importance  of  privacy,  and  considerations  about  technologies  like  geolocation.computer  company  microsoft  patented  in  2011  a  product  distribution  system  with  a  camera  or  capture  device  that  monitors  the  viewers  that  consume  the  product,  allowing  the  provider  to  take  remedial  action  if  the  actual  viewers  do  not  match  the  distribution  license.reporters  without  borders  march  2013  special  report  on  internet  surveillance  contained  a  list  of  corporate  enemies  of  the  internet,  companies  that  sell  products  that  are
__label__situationalsurveillance liable  to  be  used  by  governments  to  violate  human  rights  and  freedom  of  information.  the  five  companies  on  the  initial  list  were:  amesys  france,  blue  coat  systems  u.s.,  gamma  group  uk  and  germany,  hacking  team  italy,  and  trovicor  germany,  but  the  list  was  not  exhaustive  and  is  likely  to  be  expanded  in  the  future.  surveillance  state  a  surveillance  state  is  a  country  where  the  government  engages  in  pervasive  surveillance  of  large  numbers  of  its  citizens  and  visitors.  such  widespread  surveillance  is  usually  justified  as  being  necessary  for  national  security,  such  as  to  prevent  crime  or  acts  of  terrorism,  but  may
__label__situationalsurveillance also  be  used  to  stifle  criticism  of  and  opposition  to  the  government.examples  of  early  surveillance  states  include  the  former  soviet  union  and  the  former  east  germany,  which  had  a  large  network  of  informers  and  an  advanced  technology  base  in  computing  and  spycamera  technology.  however,  these  states  did  not  have  todays  technologies  for  mass  surveillance,  such  as  the  use  of  databases  and  pattern  recognition  software  to  crosscorrelate  information  obtained  by  wire  tapping,  including  speech  recognition  and  telecommunications  traffic  analysis,  monitoring  of  financial  transactions,  automatic  number  plate  recognition,  the  tracking  of  the  position  of  mobile  telephones,  and  facial  recognition  systems  and  the
__label__situationalsurveillance like  which  recognize  people  by  their  appearance,  gait,  dna  profiling,  etc.  smart  cities  the  development  of  smart  cities  has  seen  the  increased  adoption  of  surveillance  technologies  by  governments,  although  the  primary  purpose  of  surveillance  in  such  cities  is  to  use  information  and  communication  technologies  to  improve  the  urban  environment.  the  implementation  of  such  technology  by  a  number  of  cities  has  resulted  in  increased  efficiencies  in  urban  infrastructure  as  well  as  improved  community  participation.  sensors  and  systems  monitor  a  smart  citys  infrastructure,  operations  and  activities  and  aim  to  help  it  run  more  efficiently.  for  example,  the  city  could  use  less  electricity;
__label__situationalsurveillance its  traffic  run  more  smoothly  with  fewer  delays;  its  citizens  use  the  city  with  more  safety;  hazards  can  be  dealt  with  faster;  citizen  infractions  of  rules  can  be  prevented,  and  the  citys  infrastructure;  power  distribution  and  roads  with  traffic  lights  for  example,  dynamically  adjusted  to  respond  to  differing  circumstances.the  development  of  smart  city  technology  has  also  led  to  an  increase  in  potential  unwarranted  intrusions  into  privacy  and  restrictions  upon  autonomy.  the  widespread  incorporation  of  information  and  communication  technologies  within  the  daily  life  of  urban  residents  results  in  increases  in  the  surveillance  capacity  of  states  to  the  extent  that  individuals  may
__label__situationalsurveillance be  unaware  of  what  information  is  being  accessed,  when  the  access  occurs  and  for  what  purpose.  it  is  possible  that  such  conditions  could  give  rise  to  the  development  of  an  electronic  police  state.  shanghai,  amsterdam,  san  jose,  dubai,  barcelona,  madrid,  stockholm,  and  new  york  are  all  cities  that  use  various  techniques  from  smart  city  technology.  electronic  police  state  an  electronic  police  state  is  a  state  in  which  the  government  aggressively  uses  electronic  technologies  to  record,  collect,  store,  organize,  analyze,  search,  and  distribute  information  about  its  citizens.  electronic  police  states  also  engage  in  mass  government  surveillance  of  landline  and  cellular  telephone
__label__situationalsurveillance traffic,  mail,  email,  web  surfing,  internet  searches,  radio,  and  other  forms  of  electronic  communication  as  well  as  widespread  use  of  video  surveillance.  the  information  is  usually  collected  in  secret.the  crucial  elements  are  not  politically  based,  so  long  as  the  government  can  afford  the  technology  and  the  populace  will  permit  it  to  be  used,  an  electronic  police  state  can  form.  the  continual  use  of  electronic  mass  surveillance  can  result  in  constant  lowlevel  fear  within  the  population,  which  can  lead  to  selfcensorship  and  exerts  a  powerful  coercive  force  upon  the  populace.seventeen  factors  for  judging  the  development  of  an  electronic  police  state  were
__label__situationalsurveillance suggested  in  the  electronic  police  state:  2008  national  rankings:daily  documents:  requirement  for  the  use  and  tracking  of  stateissued  identity  documents  and  registration.border  and  travel  control:  inspections  at  borders,  searching  computers  and  cell  phones,  demanding  decryption  of  data,  and  tracking  travel  within  as  well  as  to  and  from  a  country.financial  tracking:  a  states  ability  to  record  and  search  financial  transactions:  checks,  credit  cards,  wires,  etc.gag  orders:  restrictions  on  and  criminal  penalties  for  the  disclosure  of  the  existence  of  state  surveillance  programs.anticrypto  laws:  outlawing  or  restricting  cryptography  and/or  privacy  enhancing  technologies.lack  of  constitutional  protections:  a  lack  of  constitutional  privacy  protections  or  the
__label__situationalsurveillance routine  overriding  of  such  protections.data  storage:  the  ability  of  the  state  to  store  the  data  gathered.data  search:  the  ability  to  organize  and  search  the  data  gathered.data  retention  requirements:  laws  that  require  internet  and  other  service  providers  to  save  detailed  records  of  their  customers  internet  usage  for  a  minimum  period  of  time.telephone  data  retention  requirements:  laws  that  require  telephone  companies  to  record  and  save  records  of  their  customers  telephone  usage.cell  phone  data  retention  requirements:  laws  that  require  cellular  telephone  companies  to  record  and  save  records  of  their  customers  usage  and  location.medical  records:  government  access  to  the  records  of  medical  service  providers.enforcement:
__label__situationalsurveillance the  states  ability  to  use  force  to  seize  anyone  they  want,  whenever  they  want.lack  of  habeas  corpus:  lack  of  a  right  for  a  person  under  arrest  to  be  brought  before  a  judge  or  into  court  in  a  timely  fashion  or  the  overriding  of  such  rights.lack  of  a  policeintel  barrier:  the  lack  of  a  barrier  between  police  organizations  and  intelligence  organizations,  or  the  overriding  of  such  barriers.covert  hacking:  state  operatives  collecting,  removing,  or  adding  digital  evidence  to/from  private  computers  without  permission  or  the  knowledge  of  the  computers  owners.loose  or  no  warrants:  arrests  or  searches  made  without  warrants  or  without  careful  examination
__label__situationalsurveillance and  review  of  police  statements  and  justifications  by  a  truly  independent  judge  or  other  thirdparty.the  list  includes  factors  that  apply  to  other  forms  of  police  states,  such  as  the  use  of  identity  documents  and  police  enforcement,  but  go  considerably  beyond  them  and  emphasize  the  use  of  technology  to  gather  and  process  the  information  collected.  in  popular  culture  the  concept  of  being  monitored  by  our  government  collects  a  large  audience  of  curious  citizens.  mass  surveillance  has  been  prominently  featured  in  a  wide  array  of  books,  films,  and  other  media.  advances  in  technology  over  the  last  century  have  led  to  possible  social
__label__situationalsurveillance control  through  the  internet  and  the  conditions  of  late  capitalism.  many  directors  and  writers  have  been  enthralled  with  the  potential  stories  that  could  come  from  mass  surveillance.  perhaps  the  most  iconic  example  of  fictional  mass  surveillance  is  george  orwells  1949  novel  nineteen  eightyfour,  which  depicts  a  dystopian  surveillance  state.here  are  a  few  other  works  that  focus  on  mass  surveillance:we  ,  a  1920  novel  by  russian  author  yevgeny  zamyatin  ,  that  predates  nineteen  eightyfour  and  was  read  by  its  author  george  orwell.little  brother  is  a  novel  by  cory  doctorow,  and  is  set  in  san  francisco  after  a  major  terrorist  attack.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance dhs  uses  technologies  such  as  rfids  and  surveillance  cameras  to  create  a  totalitarian  system  of  control.the  lives  of  others,  is  a  2006  german  drama  film,  which  movingly  conveys  the  impact  that  relentless  surveillance  has  on  the  emotional  wellbeing  and  the  outcome  of  individuals  subjected  to  it.the  hunger  games  by  suzanne  collins  is  a  trilogy  in  which  the  capital  has  totalitarian  surveillance  control  over  all  aspects  of  the  other  districts.digital  fortress,  novel  by  dan  brown,  involving  an  nsa  code  breaking  machine  called  transltr.  the  machine  read  and  decrypted  email  messages,  with  which  the  nsa  used  to  foil  terrorist  attacks  and  mass
__label__situationalsurveillance murders.  see  also  references  external  links  mass  surveillance.  internet  encyclopedia  of  philosophy.the  state  and  surveillance:  fear  and  control,  didier  bigo  and  mireille  delmasmarty,  la  cl  des  langues,  23  september  2011,issn  21077029.against  the  collection  of  private  data:  the  unknown  risk  factor.  hagai  barel  on  security.  8  march  2012.
__label__situationalsurveillance a  security  guard  also  known  as  a  security  inspector,  security  officer,  or  protective  agent  is  a  person  employed  by  a  government  or  private  party  to  protect  the  employing  partys  assets  property,  people,  equipment,  money,  etc.  from  a  variety  of  hazards  such  as  waste,  damaged  property,  unsafe  worker  behavior,  criminal  activity  such  as  theft,  etc.  by  enforcing  preventative  measures.  security  guards  do  this  by  maintaining  a  highvisibility  presence  to  deter  illegal  and  inappropriate  actions,  looking  either  directly,  through  patrols,  or  indirectly,  by  monitoring  alarm  systems  or  video  surveillance  cameras  for  signs  of  crime  or  other  hazards  such  as  a  fire,  taking
__label__situationalsurveillance action  to  minimize  damage  such  as  warning  and  escorting  trespassers  off  property,  and  reporting  any  incidents  to  their  clients  and  emergency  services  such  as  the  police  or  paramedics,  as  appropriate.security  officers  are  generally  uniformed  to  represent  their  lawful  authority  to  protect  private  property.  security  guards  are  generally  governed  by  legal  regulations,  which  set  out  the  requirements  for  eligibility  e.g.,  a  criminal  record  check  and  the  permitted  authorities  of  a  security  guard  in  a  given  jurisdiction.  the  authorities  permitted  to  security  guards  vary  by  country  and  subnational  jurisdiction.  security  officers  are  hired  by  a  range  of  organizations,  including  businesses,  government  departments
__label__situationalsurveillance and  agencies  and  notforprofit  organizations  e.g.,  churches  and  charitable  organizations.until  the  1980s,  the  term  watchman  was  more  commonly  applied  to  this  function,  a  usage  dating  back  to  at  least  the  middle  ages  in  europe  where  there  was  no  form  of  law  enforcement  other  than  it  being  a  private  matter.  this  term  was  carried  over  to  north  america  where  it  was  interchangeable  with  nightwatchman  e.g.  security  guard  until  both  terms  were  replaced  with  the  modern  securitybased  titles.  security  officers  are  sometimes  regarded  as  fulfilling  a  private  policing  function.  functions  and  duties  many  security  firms  and  proprietary  security  departments  practice  the  detect,
__label__situationalsurveillance deter,  observe  and  report  method.  security  officers  are  not  required  to  make  arrests,  but  have  the  authority  to  make  a  citizens  arrest,  or  otherwise  act  as  an  agent  of  law  enforcement,  for  example,  at  the  request  of  a  police  officer  or  sheriff.a  private  security  officers  responsibility  is  protecting  their  client  from  a  variety  of  hazards  usually  in  the  form  of  criminal  acts.  security  personnel  enforce  company  rules  and  can  act  to  protect  lives  and  property,  and  they  sometimes  have  a  contractual  obligation  to  provide  these  actions.  in  addition  to  basic  deterrence,  security  officers  are  often  trained  to  perform  specialized  tasks
__label__situationalsurveillance such  as  arrest  and  control  including  handcuffing  and  restraints,  operate  emergency  equipment,  perform  first  aid,  cpr,  take  accurate  notes,  write  detailed  reports,  and  perform  other  tasks  as  required  by  the  client  they  are  serving.  all  security  officers  are  also  required  to  go  through  additional  training  mandated  by  the  state  for  the  carrying  of  weapons  such  as  batons,  firearms,  and  pepper  spray  e.g.  the  bureau  of  security  and  investigative  services  in  california  has  requirements  that  a  license  for  each  item  listed  must  be  carried  while  on  duty.  some  officers  are  required  to  complete  police  certification  for  special  duties.the  number  of  jobs
__label__situationalsurveillance is  expected  to  grow  in  the  u.s.,  with  175,000  new  security  jobs  expected  before  2016.  in  recent  years,  due  to  elevated  threats  of  terrorism,  most  security  officers  are  required  to  have  bombthreat  training  and/or  emergency  crisis  training,  especially  those  located  in  soft  target  areas  such  as  shopping  malls,  schools,  and  any  other  area  where  the  general  public  congregate.  one  major  economic  justification  for  security  personnel  is  that  insurance  companies  particularly  fire  insurance  carriers  will  give  substantial  rate  discounts  to  sites  which  have  a  24hour  presence.  for  a  high  risk  or  high  value  property,  the  discount  can  often  exceed  the  money
__label__situationalsurveillance being  spent  on  its  security  program.  discounts  are  offered  because  having  security  on  site  increases  the  odds  that  any  fire  will  be  noticed  and  reported  to  the  local  fire  department  before  a  total  loss  occurs.  also,  the  presence  of  security  officers  particularly  in  combination  with  effective  security  procedures  tends  to  diminish  shrinkage,  theft,  employee  misconduct  and  safety  rule  violations,  property  damage,  or  even  sabotage.  many  casinos  hire  security  officers  to  protect  money  when  transferring  it  from  the  casino  to  the  casinos  bank.security  personnel  may  also  perform  access  control  at  building  entrances  and  vehicle  gates;  meaning,  they  ensure  that  employees  and
__label__situationalsurveillance visitors  display  proper  passes  or  identification  before  entering  the  facility.  security  officers  are  called  upon  to  respond  to  potential  hazards  such  as  broken  lights  or  doors,  disturbances,  lost  persons,  minor  injuries,  etc.  and  to  assist  in  serious  emergencies  medicals,  fires,  crime,  etc.  by  securing  the  scene  to  prevent  further  loss  or  damage,  summoning  emergency  responders  to  the  incident,  helping  to  redirect  foot  traffic  to  safe  locations,  and  by  documenting  what  happened  on  an  incident  report  to  give  their  client  an  idea  of  how  to  prevent  similar  situations  from  occurring.  armed  security  officers  are  frequently  contracted  to  respond  as  law  enforcement
__label__situationalsurveillance until  a  given  situation  at  a  client  location  is  under  control  and/or  public  authorities  arrive  on  the  scene.patrolling  is  usually  a  large  part  of  a  security  officers  duties,  as  most  incidents  are  prevented  by  being  looked  for  instead  of  waiting  for  them  to  occur.  often  these  patrols  are  logged  by  use  of  a  guard  tour  patrol  system,  which  require  regular  patrols.  until  recently  the  most  commonly  used  form  used  to  be  mechanical  clock  systems  that  required  a  key  for  manual  punching  of  a  number  to  a  strip  of  paper  inside  with  the  time  preprinted  on  it.  but  recently,  electronic  systems
__label__situationalsurveillance have  risen  in  popularity  due  to  their  light  weight,  ease  of  use,  and  downloadable  logging  capabilities.  regular  patrols  are,  however,  becoming  less  accepted  as  an  industry  standard,  as  it  provides  predictability  for  the  wouldbe  criminal,  as  well  as  monotony  for  the  security  officer  on  duty.  random  patrols  are  easily  programmed  into  electronic  systems,  allowing  greater  freedom  of  movement  and  unpredictability.  global  positioning  systems  are  beginning  to  be  used  because  they  are  a  more  effective  means  of  tracking  officers  movements  and  behavior.  personnel  although  security  officers  differ  from  police  officers,  military  personnel,  federal  agents/officers,  and  the  like,  australia  and  the  united
__label__situationalsurveillance states  have  a  growing  proportion  of  security  personnel  that  have  former  police  or  military  experience,  including  senior  management  personnel.  on  the  other  hand,  some  security  officers,  young  people  in  particular,  use  the  job  as  practical  experience  to  use  in  applying  to  law  enforcement  agencies.  types  of  personnel  and  companies  security  personnel  are  classified  as  one  of  the  following:inhouse  or  proprietary  i.e.  employed  by  the  same  company  or  organization  they  protect,  such  as  a  mall,  theme  park,  or  casino;  formerly  often  called  works  police  or  security  police  in  the  united  kingdom.security  supervisor,  meets  with  clients  and  employees  as  necessary  to  ensure
__label__situationalsurveillance client  and  employee  satisfaction.scheduler,  security  officer  assignment  and  strategic  scheduling  resulting  in  client  satisfaction,  employee  retention  and  cost  maintained  within  district  financial  plans.human  resources  manager,  effective  delivery  of  human  resources  services  such  as  employment,  employee/labor  relations,  compensation,  benefits  administration,  training  and  development,  workers  compensation,  and  audit  compliance.  maintains  and  implements  corporate  policies  and  programs  related  to  employment.client  service  manager,  promotes  financial  growth  for  the  district  by  ensuring  client  retention,  security  officer  retention,  and  support  for  the  development  of  new  business.client  service  supervisor,  provides  security  services  for  designated  clients  resulting  in  customer  satisfaction,  security  officer  retention,  and  financial  growth  for  the
__label__situationalsurveillance district.  provides  service  in  a  large  and  complex  area.contract,  working  for  a  private  security  company  which  protects  many  locations.public  security,  a  person  employed  or  appointed  as  an  usually  armed  security  officer  by  a  government  or  government  agency.private  police  officers,  or  special  police.private  patrol  officers,  vehicle  patrol  officers  that  protect  multiple  client  premises.parapolice,  aggressive  firms  that  routinely  engage  in  criminal  investigation  and  arrest.industry  terms  for  security  personnel  include:  security  guard,  security  officer,  security  agent,  safety  patrol,  private  police,  company  police,  security  enforcement  officer,  and  public  safety.  terms  for  specialized  jobs  include  usher,  bouncer,  bodyguards,  executive  protection  agent,  loss  prevention,  alarm  responder,
__label__situationalsurveillance hospital  security  officer,  mall  security  officer,  crime  prevention  officer,  patrolman,  private  patrol  officer,  and  private  patrol  operator.state  and  local  governments  sometimes  regulate  the  use  of  these  terms  by  lawfor  example,  certain  words  and  phrases  that  give  an  impression  that  he  or  she  is  connected  in  any  way  with  the  federal  government,  a  state  government,  or  any  political  subdivision  of  a  state  government  are  forbidden  for  use  by  california  security  licensees  by  business  and  professions  code  section  7582.26.  so  the  terms  private  homicide  police  or  special  agent  would  be  unlawful  for  a  security  licensee  to  use  in  california.  similarly,  in  canada,
__label__situationalsurveillance various  acts  specifically  prohibits  private  security  personnel  from  using  the  terms  probation  officer,  law  enforcement,  police,  or  police  officer.alberta  and  ontario  prohibit  the  use  of  the  term  security  officer,  which  has  been  in  widespread  use  in  the  united  states  for  many  decades.  recent  changes  to  the  act  have  also  introduced  restrictions  on  uniform  and  vehicle  colours  and  markings  to  make  private  security  personnel  clearly  distinctive  from  police  personnel.  some  sources  feel  that  some  of  these  restrictions  are  put  in  place  to  satisfy  the  canadian  police  association.  specialized  vip  security  guard  services  and  companies  are  in  high  demand  and  are  defined
__label__situationalsurveillance by  their  ability  to  protect  celebrities  and  executives  during  times  of  unrest.  there  is  a  marked  difference  between  persons  performing  the  duties  historically  associated  with  watchmen  and  persons  who  take  a  more  active  role  in  protecting  persons  and  property.  the  former,  often  called  guards,  are  taught  the  mantra  observe  and  report,  are  minimally  trained,  and  not  expected  to  deal  with  the  public  or  confront  criminals.the  latter  are  often  highly  trained,  sometimes  armed  depending  on  contracts  agreed  upon  with  clientele,  and  are  more  likely  to  interact  with  the  general  public  and  to  confront  the  criminal  element.  these  employees  tend  to  take
__label__situationalsurveillance pride  in  the  title  security  officer  or  protection  officer  and  disdain  the  label  of  guard.  security  jobs  vary  in  pay  and  duties.  there  is  sometimes  little  relationship  between  duties  performed  and  compensation,  for  example  some  mall  security  officers  who  are  exposed  to  serious  risks  earn  less  per  hour  than  industrial  security  guards  who  have  less  training  and  responsibility.  however,  there  are  now  more  positions  in  the  security  role  that  separate  not  just  the  titles,  but  the  job  itself.  the  roles  have  progressed  and  so  have  the  areas  for  which  security  people  are  needed.  the  term  agent  can  be  confusing  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  security  industry  because  it  can  describe  a  civil  legal  relationship  between  an  employee  and  their  employer  or  contractor  agent  of  the  owner  in  california  pc  602,  and  also  can  describe  a  person  in  government  service  special  agent  jones  of  the  federal  bureau  of  investigation.  the  title  agent  can  be  confused  with  bail  enforcement  agents,  also  known  as  bounty  hunters,  who  are  sometimes  regulated  by  the  same  agencies  which  regulate  private  security.  the  term  agent  is  also  used  in  other  industries,  such  as  banking  agents,  loan  agents  and  real  estate  agents.  security  agents  are  often  employed  in  loss  prevention  and
__label__situationalsurveillance personal  or  executive  protection  bodyguards  roles.  they  typically  work  in  plainclothes  without  a  uniform,  and  are  usually  highly  trained  to  act  lawfully  in  direct  defense  of  life  or  property.security  officers  are  private  citizens,  and  therefore  are  bound  by  the  same  laws  and  regulations  as  the  citizenry  they  are  contracted  to  serve,  and  therefore  are  not  allowed  to  represent  themselves  as  law  enforcement  under  penalty  of  law.  training  just  as  with  the  police  profession,  training  requirements  for  the  private  security  industry  have  evolved  over  time.  for  many  years  security  officers  were  poorly  chosen  and  poorly  trained  if  at  all,  partly  because
__label__situationalsurveillance security  companies  who  contracted  with  clients  in  private  industry  were  paid  very  little  for  their  security  services.  for  the  most  part,  contracts  were  awarded  to  security  officer  companies  through  a  competition  process  and  the  final  selection  was  often  made  based  on  cost  rather  than  the  experience  or  professionalism  of  the  security  guard  company.  that  changed  drastically  on  september  11,  2001  when  radical  terrorists  attacked  the  united  states.  the  event  moved  corporate  threat  concerns  to  the  top  of  the  priority  list  for  most  security  guard  contracts  started  being  awarded  based  on  professionalism.  more  money  was  invested  in  security  so  more  money
__label__situationalsurveillance became  available  for  training  of  security  guards.  the  term  security  professional  began  to  surface  and  large  private  security  companies  like  blackwater,  usa  began  offering  training  services  for  the  private  security  industry  that  approached  the  level  of  training  provided  by  the  military.  security  companies  began  paying  enough  to  attract  people  with  significant  backgrounds  in  law  enforcement  and  the  military,  often  in  special  operations.  australia  any  person  who  conducts  a  business  or  is  employed  in  a  securityrelated  field  within  australia  is  required  to  be  licensed.  each  of  the  six  states  and  two  territories  of  australia  have  separate  legislation  that  covers  all  security
__label__situationalsurveillance activities.  licensing  management  in  each  state/territory  is  varied  and  is  carried  out  by  either  police,  attorney  generals  department,  justice  department  or  the  department  of  consumer  affairs.new  south  walespolice  security  industry  act  1997  security  industry  regulation  2016victoriapolice  private  security  act  2004queenslandjustice  attorneygeneral  security  providers  act  1993south  australiaconsumer  business  affairs  security  and  investigation  agents  act  1995western  australiapolice  security  related  activities  control  act  1996  security  related  activities  control  regulations  1997tasmaniapolice  security  and  investigation  agents  act  2002northern  territoryjustice  private  security  act  private  security  security  officer/crowd  controller/security  firms/miscellaneous  matters  regulations;australian  capital  territoryregulatory  services  security  industry  act  2003  security  industry  regulation  2003all  of  this  legislation  was
__label__situationalsurveillance intended  to  enhance  the  integrity  of  the  private  security  industry.all  persons  licensed  to  perform  security  activities  are  required  to  undertake  a  course  of  professional  development  in  associated  streams  that  are  recognised  nationally.  this  has  not  always  been  the  case  and  the  introduction  of  this  requirement  is  expected  to  regulate  the  educational  standards  and  knowledge  base  so  that  the  particular  job  can  be  competently  performed.  strict  requirements  are  laid  down  as  to  the  type  of  uniform  and  badge  used  by  security  companies.  uniforms  or  badges  that  may  be  confused  with  a  police  officer  are  prohibited.  also,  the  use  of  the  titles
__label__situationalsurveillance security  police  or  private  detective  are  unacceptable.  while  the  term  security  guard  is  used  by  companies,  government  bodies  and  individuals,  the  term  security  officer  is  deemed  more  suitable.  bouncers  use  the  title  crowd  controllers,  and  store  detectives  use  the  title  loss  prevention  or  asset  protection  officers.  security  officers  may  carry  firearms,  handcuffs  or  batons  where  their  role  requires  them  to  do  so  and  then  only  when  working  and  have  the  appropriate  subclass  accreditation  to  their  license.  notable  security  companies  in  australia  mss  security  sis  group  snp  security  certis  groupwilson  securitysecuritasprosgeurchubb  security  utciss  securityarmaguard  linfox  proprietary  limited  private  security  trends  in
__label__situationalsurveillance australia  a  2009  review  of  trends  in  private  security  in  australia,  conducted  by  tim  prenzler,  karen  earle  and  rick  sarre,  published  by  the  australian  institute  of  criminology,  sought  to  examine  the  size  and  scope  of  the  private  security  industry  in  australia  to  help  inform  efforts  to  develop  national  consistent  standards  and  licensing  regimes.the  review  found  the  industry  had  a  similar  gender  profile  to  police  24  female,  76  male,  however  security  had  a  wider,  and  older  age  profile  35  of  security  officers  were  45  to  64  years  old,  while  44  of  police  were  concentrated  between  30  and  39  years.  the  review
__label__situationalsurveillance noted  that  as  of  2009,  private  security  outnumbered  police  two  to  one;  it  expected  that  this  rate  would  continue  to  slow  as  security  technology  become  more  readilyaccessible,  especially  cctv  camera  systems,  which  are  often  seen  as  being  more  costeffective  than  guarding/mobile  patrol  service.the  review  referenced  a  2007  report  from  ibisworld  2007:24  that  indicated  four  out  of  five  of  the  largest  private  security  companies  in  australia  were  foreignowned,  accounting  for  44.5  of  the  market  share  at  the  time.a  2018  report  authored  by  anthony  bergin,  donald  williams,  and  christopher  dixon  and  published  by  the  australian  strategic  policy  institute,  focused  on  the  current
__label__situationalsurveillance role  of  private  security  in  countering  hostile  threats.  an  evolving  understanding  of  threats  has  resulted  in  private  security  playing  a  greater  part  in  responding  to  critical  incidents,  such  as  terrorist  attacks.the  report  provided  a  low  end  estimate  of  the  total  number  of  licensed  security  personnel  across  australia  as  120,000  54,753  employed  fulltime,  up  from  52,768  in  2006.  it  said  the  security  industry  is  nationally  characterized  as  highvolume  and  highturnover,  given  the  conflict  between  a  highly  prescriptive  selection  process  by  employers  and  regulators  who  seek  to  ensure  only  fit  and  proper  people  are  licensed.  as  such,  approximately  47  of  the  industry
__label__situationalsurveillance consists  of  casual  security  officers.in  2018,  referencing  data  provided  by  asial,  the  report  states  that  the  private  security  industry  has  an  annual  turnover  of  aud8  billion  split  evenly  between  manpower  and  the  electronics  sector.  despite  various  companies  being  amalgamated  or  split  up,  there  continues  to  be  a  high  rate  of  foreignownership  of  major  security  providers;  the  industry  overall  however  remains  split  between  a  small  number  of  national  companies  and  a  large  number  of  small,  specialized  businesses.technological  advancements  in  regards  to  drones,  facial  recognition,  and  robotics  are  expected  to  continue  to  augment  the  private  security  landscape  in  australia.  canada  in  canada,
__label__situationalsurveillance private  security  falls  under  the  jurisdiction  of  canadas  ten  provinces  and  three  territories.  all  ten  of  canadas  provinces  and  one  of  its  territories  the  yukon  have  legislation  that  regulates  the  contract  security  industry.  these  eleven  jurisdictions  require  that  companies  that  provide  security  guard  services  and  their  employees  be  licensed.  most  provinces  in  canada  regulate  the  use  of  handcuffs  and  weapons  such  as  firearms  and  batons  by  contract  security  companies  and  their  employees,  either  banning  such  use  completely  or  permitting  it  only  under  certain  circumstances.  additionally,  in  some  provinces,  some  terms,  or  variations  of  them,  are  prohibited  either  on  a  uniform
__label__situationalsurveillance or  in  selfreference.canadas  federal  laws  also  restrict  the  ability  of  security  officers  to  be  armed.  for  example,  section  17  of  the  firearms  act  makes  it  an  offense  for  any  person,  including  a  security  officer,  to  possess  prohibited  or  restricted  firearms  i.e.  handguns  anywhere  outside  of  his  or  her  home.  there  are  two  exceptions  to  this  prohibition  found  in  sections  18  and  19  of  the  act.  section  18  deals  with  transportation  of  firearms  while  section  19  deals  with  allowing  persons  to  carry  such  firearms  on  their  persons  to  protect  their  lives  or  the  lives  of  other  persons,  or  for  the  performance
__label__situationalsurveillance of  their  occupation  armour  car  guards,  licensed  trappers,  provided  an  authorization  to  carry  atc  is  first  obtained.  british  columbia  private  security  in  the  province  of  british  columbia  is  governed  by  two  pieces  of  legislation:  the  security  services  act  and  the  security  services  regulation.  these  laws  are  administered  and  enforced  by  the  security  programs  and  police  technology  division  of  the  ministry  of  public  safety  and  solicitor  general.  the  legislation  requires  that  guards  must  be  at  least  19  years  old,  undergo  a  criminal  background  check,  and  successfully  complete  a  training  course.  as  far  as  weapons,  british  columbia  law  severely  restricts  their  use
__label__situationalsurveillance by  security  officers.  section  111c  of  the  security  services  regulation  prohibits  security  personnel  from  carrying  or  using  any  item  designed  for  debilitating  or  controlling  a  person  or  animal,  which  the  government  interprets  to  include  all  weapons.  as  well,  section  11  forbids  private  security  from  using  or  carrying  restraints,  such  as  handcuffs,  unless  authorized  by  the  government.  however,  as  in  other  parts  of  canada,  armoured  car  officers  are  permitted  to  carry  firearms.  in  the  past,  only  personnel  that  worked  for  contract  security,  that  is,  security  companies,  were  regulated  in  british  columbia.  however,  as  of  september  1,  2009,  inhouse  security  officers  and
__label__situationalsurveillance private  investigators  came  under  the  jurisdiction  of  the  security  services  act  and  security  services  regulation.  bodyguards  and  bouncers,  effective  november  1,  2009,  are  also  subject  to  these  regulations.  europe  armed  private  security  officers  are  much  rarer  in  europe,  and  illegal  in  many  countries,  such  as  the  united  kingdom  and  the  netherlands.  in  developing  countries  with  host  country  permission,  an  armed  security  force  composed  mostly  of  exmilitary  personnel  is  often  used  to  protect  corporate  assets,  particularly  in  wartorn  regions.as  a  requirement  of  the  private  security  industry  act  2001,  the  uk  now  requires  all  contract  security  officers  to  have  a  valid  security
__label__situationalsurveillance industry  authority  license.  the  licence  must  be  displayed  when  on  duty,  although  a  dispensation  may  be  granted  for  store  detectives,  bodyguards  and  others  who  need  to  operate  without  being  identified  as  a  security  guard.  this  dispensation  is  not  available  to  vehicle  immobilisers.  licenses  are  valid  for  three  years  and  require  the  holders  to  undergo  formal  training,  and  are  also  to  pass  mandatory  criminal  records  bureau  checks.  licences  for  vehicle  immobilisers  are  valid  for  one  year.  armed  guarding  and  guarding  with  a  weapon  are  illegal.in  finland,  all  contract  security  officers  are  required  to  have  a  valid  license  granted  by  police.  temporary
__label__situationalsurveillance license  is  valid  for  four  months  and  normal  license  for  five  years.  license  requires  a  minimum  40hour  course  for  temporary  license  and  80  hours  more  for  a  normal  license.  additionally  a  narrow  security  vetting  is  required.  the  40hour  course  does  not  allow  the  guard  to  carry  any  kind  of  special  equipment  such  as  a  baton  or  handcuffs.  guards  have  to  complete  the  80hour  course  to  carry  these.  separate  training  and  license  is  required  for  the  security  guard  to  carry  pepper  spray,  extendable  baton  or  a  firearm.  rehearse  of  weapons  usage  is  mandatory  every  year  and  is  regulated  by  the  ministry
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  interior,  to  ensure  the  safe  handling  of  pepper  spray  and  such.  firearms  can  only  be  carried  by  bodyguards  and  cashintransit  guards  or  when  guarding  a  person  or  object  that  is  significant  in  terms  of  public  interest.  in  finland,  a  security  guard  has  the  right  to  detain  a  person  redhanded,  or  seen  committing  a  crime  and  the  right  to  search  the  detained  individual  for  harmful  items  and  weapons.  an  individual  who  has  been  forcefully  detained  can  only  be  released  by  the  police.  all  companies  providing  security  guarding  services  are  also  required  to  have  a  valid  license  from  the  ministry
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  interior.in  the  netherlands,  security  officers  beveiligingsbeambte  must  undergo  a  criminal  background  check  by  the  local  police  department  in  the  area  where  the  private  security  company  is  located.  to  become  a  security  guard  in  the  netherlands,  a  person  must  complete  the  basic  training  level  2  beveiliger2.  to  complete  the  training  a  trainee  must  undergo  a  threemonth  internship  with  a  private  security  company  that  is  licensed  by  the  svpb,  the  board  that  controls  security  exams.  a  trainee  guard  must  pass  for  his  diploma  within  one  year.  if  the  trainee  does  not  pass  he  is  not  allowed  to  work  anymore  until
__label__situationalsurveillance he  completes  his  training  with  a  positive  result.  after  a  positive  result  a  new  id  can  be  issued  and  is  valid  for  three  years,  after  which  the  officer  must  undergo  a  background  check  by  the  local  police  again.  security  officers  in  the  netherlands  are  not  allowed  to  carry  any  kind  of  weapon  or  handcuffs.  every  uniformed  security  guard  in  the  netherlands  must  have  the  v  symbol  on  his  or  her  uniform  to  advise  the  public  they  are  dealing  with  a  private  guard;  this  rule  is  mandated  by  the  ministry  of  justice.  security  uniforms  may  not  look  like  similar  to  police
__label__situationalsurveillance uniforms,  and  may  not  contain  any  kind  of  rank  designation.  the  colors  yellow  and  gold  are  not  allowed  to  be  used  because  the  dutch  police  uses  gold  accents  in  their  uniforms;  also,  wearing  a  uniform  cap  is  not  allowed.  every  new  uniform  design  or  addition  must  be  approved  by  the  ministry  of  justice  before  use.  a  patrol  vehicle  may  not  look  like  a  police  striped  vehicle.  the  only  private  security  officers  who  are  allowed  to  carry  firearms  are  those  who  work  for  the  military  or  dutch  national  bank  de  nederlandsche  bank;  this  is  where  the  national  gold  reserve  can  be
__label__situationalsurveillance found.  norway  in  norway  security  officers  are  called  vektere.  there  are  two  different  types  of  vekterethe  normal  uniformed  or  civilclothing  officers  who  watch  over  private  and  semipublic  properties,  and  governmenthired  vektere  who  work  in  public  places,  such  as  the  parliament.  the  law  provides  more  enforcement  powers  to  security  officers  in  the  parliament  than  to  private  security  officers.  security  officers  must  undergo  three  weeks  of  training  and  internship.  they  are  allowed  to  work  for  six  months  after  one  week  of  the  introduction  course.  it  is  also  possible  to  choose  security  as  a  high  school  major,  which  requires  two  years  of  school
__label__situationalsurveillance and  two  years  of  trainee  positions  at  private  companies,  resulting  in  a  certificate  from  the  government.  this  certificate  makes  it  easier  to  get  a  job,  with  slightly  higher  pay.  it  also  makes  it  easier  to  get  a  job  elsewhere  in  the  security  industry.  the  certificate  can  also  be  obtained  by  private  security  officers  who  have  had  a  minimum  of  5  years  working  experience.  no  security  officer  may  carry  pepper  spray,  batons  or  any  other  kind  of  weapon.  however,  handcuffs  may  be  used.  norges  bank  bank  of  norway,  federal  reserves  had  armed  government  guards  until  late  2013,  when  they  were  disarmed
__label__situationalsurveillance by  the  minister  of  finance.  security  officers  serving  on  ships  sailing  in  areas  of  high  piracy  risk  may  be  equipped  with  firearms.  uniforms  should  not  resemble  police  worn  attire,  but  some  uniforms  do.  the  uniform  must  have  the  text  vekter  or  sikkerhet  above  the  left  shirt  pocket.a  security  officer,  or  any  other  person,  may  detain  or  arrest  anyone  that  violates  any  law,  as  long  as  the  violation  carries  a  punishment  of  minimum  six  6  months  imprisonment  and  a  fine.  the  detainee  must  be  released  or  handed  over  to  the  authorities  within  4  hours  of  the  arrest.  security  officers  assigned  to
__label__situationalsurveillance public  transportation,  such  as  trains,  subways,  trams  and  buses,  also  have  some  powers  under  the  transportloven  transportation  law.  security  officers  may  issue  fixed  penalty  tickets  for  violation  of  parking  regulations  in  designated  areas  and  for  passengers  on  public  transportation  without  a  valid  pass.  a  security  officer  may  only  search  frisk  a  person  to  prevent  the  use  of  or  confiscate  any  type  of  weapon  or  anything  that  can  be  used  as  a  weapon.  in  2006,  some  security  officers  vakt  service/nokas  were  given  extended  training  and  limited  police  authority  to  transport  prisoners  between  police  holding  cells,  jails  and  courts,  etc.  due  to
__label__situationalsurveillance an  outcry  from  the  police  union,  this  program  was  scrapped  after  a  few  months.in  addition  to  normal  vektere  there  also  is  a  special  branch  for  ordensvakter  who  normally  work  as  bouncers  or  security  at  concerts  and  similar  types  of  events.  ordensvakter  have  to  undergo  an  extra  week  of  training  to  learn  techniques  on  how  to  handle  drunk  people  and  people  on  various  drugs.  they  also  learn  about  the  alcohol  laws  of  norway  which  are  rather  strict.  the  police  in  the  local  police  district  must  approve  each  ordensvakt.  these  special  regulations  arose  after  events  in  the  1990s  when  bouncers  had  a
__label__situationalsurveillance bad  reputation,  especially  in  oslo,  for  being  too  brutal  and  rough  with  people.  at  that  time,  the  police  had  no  control  over  who  worked  as  bouncers.  after  the  government  implemented  training  and  mandatory  policeissued  id  cards  for  bouncers  the  problems  have  been  reduced.  the  police  of  oslo  report  that  ordensvakter  are  now  helping  the  police  identify  crimes  that  otherwise  would  not  be  reported.  in  2013,  due  to  a  high  number  of  rapes  and  violent  robberies,  the  city  of  oslo  oslo  kommune  hired  a  private  security  company  metro  garda  to  patrol  the  downtown  immigrant  areas.  this  patrol  had  a  positive  effect,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  the  city  has,  in  addition  to  metro  garda  officers,  now  hired  their  own  officers  called  bymiljetaten  city  environment  dep.  the  municipalities  in  norway  are  not  allowed  to  form  their  own  police.  the  only  police  force  in  norway  is  the  federal  police  politi.in  2007,  several  officers  from  the  securitas  ab  company  were  arrested  for  brutality  against  a  robber  they  apprehended  on  the  main  street  of  oslo.  the  crime  was  captured  with  a  mobile  camera  by  pedestrians  and  created  a  public  outcry,  with  many  objecting  to  the  way  the  security  guards  took  the  law  into  their  own  hands.  later,  it  came
__label__situationalsurveillance to  light  that  the  thief  first  attacked  the  security  guards  when  they  approached  him,  so  the  brutality  charges  were  dropped.  as  a  result  of  this  episode,  the  police  said  that  they  would  be  more  careful  when  conducting  criminal  background  checks  for  security  guards.  before  2007  security  guards  were  checked  when  they  applied  for  a  job,  but  not  while  they  were  working.  security  companies  were  also  criticized  for  not  checking  criminal  records  sufficiently,  in  some  cases  not  at  all.  now  guards  working  in  private  security  must  be  checked  annually.  the  police  have  the  authority  to  withdraw  a  companys  licence  if  the
__label__situationalsurveillance company  does  not  submit  lists  of  employees  to  the  police.  the  police  in  norway  were  widely  criticized  for  not  checking  guards  properly,  and  even  when  they  encounter  an  issue  with  a  guard,  the  guard  can  still  work  for  months  before  anything  is  done.  the  security  company  g4s,  after  being  criticized  by  police  for  hiring  criminals,  stated  that  they  cannot  do  anything  about  the  problem,  because  only  the  police  have  the  ability  to  check  the  guards  criminal  records.in  2012,  norwegian  media  reported  that  offduty  police  officers  and  home  guard  soldiers  had  contracts  of  armed  employment  on  civilian  ships  in  the  aden
__label__situationalsurveillance bay,  and  police  leaders  were  planning  sanctions  against  the  use  of  police  officers.  today  there  are  around  15,000  people  working  in  private  security  in  norway.  the  police  have  around  10,000  employees  in  total.notable  companies  operating  in  norway:g4sinfratekiss  a/s  formerly  personellsikringmetro  gardanokasprosecprofessional  security  mainly  event  securitysecuritas  hong  kong  in  hong  kong,  the  term  security  officer  refers  to  a  senior  staff  member  who  supervises  a  team  of  security  personnel.  the  staff  who  work  under  security  officers  supervision  are  calledsecurity  guards.  legislation  before  1  october  1996,  private  security  personnel  were  regulated  by  the  watchmen  ordinance  chapter  299.  however,  there  were  many  problems  with
__label__situationalsurveillance that  system  of  regulationfor  example,  there  were  no  restrictions  as  to  whom  may  establish  private  security  service  companies  to  provide  security  services  to  a  client.  also,  there  was  no  regulation  of  people  whom  may  perform  installation  of  security  systems.  some  employers  hired  caretakers  instead  of  security  guards  to  avoid  their  responsibilities  under  the  ordinance  in  formal  definition,  caretakers  are  supposed  to  provide  facilities  management  service,  although  security  service,  which  provided  to  residential  properties,  takes  some  parts  of  facilities  management  service.  as  a  result,  the  hong  kong  government  enacted  a  wholly  new  law,  the  security  and  guarding  services  ordinance  chapter  460,
__label__situationalsurveillance to  replace  the  watchmen  ordinance.according  to  the  security  and  guarding  services  ordinance:no  individual  shall  do,  agree  to  do,  or  hold  himself/herself  out  as  doing,  or  as  available  to  do,  security  work  for  another  person  unless  he/she  does  sounder  and  in  accordance  with  a  permit;  orotherwise  than  for  reward.security  work  means  any  of  the  following  activitiesguarding  any  property;guarding  any  person  or  place  for  the  purpose  of  preventing  or  detecting  the  occurrence  of  any  offence;  replaced  25  of  2000  s.  2installing,  maintaining  or  repairing  a  security  device;designing  for  any  particular  premises  or  place  a  system  incorporating  a  security  device.security  device  means  a
__label__situationalsurveillance device  designed  or  adapted  to  beinstalled  in  any  premises  or  place,  except  on  or  in  a  vehicle,  for  the  purposeof  detecting  or  recording  amended  25  of  2000  s.  2the  occurrence  of  any  offence;  orthe  presence  of  an  intruder  or  of  an  object  that  persons  are,  for  reasons  of  security,  not  permitted  to  bring  onto  the  premises  or  place  or  any  other  premises  or  place.  qualification  qualification  for  security  guards  vary  from  country  to  country.  different  requirements  have  to  be  completed  before  applying  for  this  job.  hong  kong  any  applicant  who  wishes  to  apply  for  a  security  personnel  permit  spp  must:he/she
__label__situationalsurveillance have  been  living  in  hong  kong  for  at  least  5  years.  this  requirement  may  have  been  changedno  criminal  record.at  least  17  years  old  when  submitting  his/her  application.have  passed  a  mandatory  16hour  training  course  and  have  been  granted  a  certificate  of  the  course.if  the  applicant  is  over  65  years  old,  he/she  must  submit  his/her  health  examination  report.  permit  security  personnel  permit  was  separated  to  four  types:  a,  b,  c,  and  d.type  a  permit  holder  was  permitted  to  work  in  a  singleblock  residential  building;  they  are  not  allowed  to  carry  firearms.  no  age  limit.type  b  permit  holder  was  permitted  to  work  in
__label__situationalsurveillance any  type  of  properties,  but  they  also  are  not  allowed  carry  firearms.  the  maximum  age  limit  of  this  permit  is  65.type  c  permit  holder  was  permitted  to  work  as  an  armed  guard.  usually,  they  are  members  of  the  cash  transport  car  crew.  the  maximum  age  limit  of  this  permit  is  55.type  d  permit  holder  was  permitted  to  design,  install,  and  repair  security  devices.  no  maximum  age  limit.the  permit  is  valid  for  five  years.  all  holders  must  renew  their  permit  before  it  expires,  or  they  will  lose  their  qualification  to  work,  as  such,  until  their  permit  is  renewed.the  type  a  and
__label__situationalsurveillance type  b  security  service  are  gradually  combined  with  property  management  service,  though  the  boundary  between  these  two  industries  is  unclear.  power  of  arrest  security  guards  in  hong  kong  do  not  have  special  powers  of  arrest  above  that  of  the  ordinary  citizen,  i.e.  citizens  arrest,  also  known  locally  as  the  101  arrest  power.  the  section  101  in  the  criminal  procedure  ordinance  addresses  that  arrest  of  an  offender  by  a  private  citizen  is  allowed  in  certain  circumstances  if  the  offender  is  attempting  an  arrestable  offense.  once  arrested,  the  suspect  must  be  delivered  to  a  police  office  as  soon  as  possible.  an  arrestable
__label__situationalsurveillance offence  is  defined  as  any  crime  carrying  a  sentence  of  more  than  12  months  imprisonment.  no  security  personnel  are  allowed  to  search  other  person,  nor  are  they  allowed  to  get  personal  information  from  other  people,  with  the  exception  of  some  specific  circumstances.  israel  in  israel,  almost  all  security  guards  carry  a  firearm,  primarily  to  prevent  terror  attacks.  security  guards  are  common:  they  perform  entrance  checks  at  shopping  malls,  transportation  terminals,  government  and  other  office  buildings,  and  many  stores.  many  locations  with  a  high  number  of  visitors,  such  as  the  jerusalem  central  bus  station,  employ  xray  machines  to  check  passengers  bags;
__label__situationalsurveillance in  other  places,  they  are  opened  and  visually  inspected.  since  2009,  private  security  guards  companies  as  mikud  have  also  replaced  official  security  forces  at  some  checkpoints  inside  and  on  the  border  of  the  west  bank,  as  well  as  the  crossings  to  gaza.  malaysia  the  private  security  industry  is  regulated  by  the  ministry  of  home  affairs  kementerian  dalam  negeri.  as  of  2018,  all  private  security  companies  in  malaysia  must  have  a  minimum  of  80  of  their  employees  complete  a  certified  security  guard  training  course  in  order  to  receive  approval  to  renew  their  private  agency  license.  peninsular  malaysia  allows  for  the  use
__label__situationalsurveillance of  nepalese  security  guards  whereby  east  malaysian  immigration  policy  does  not  allow  the  use  of  foreign  workers  to  be  employed  in  the  security  industry.  south  africa  security  guards  along  with  the  rest  of  the  private  security  industry  are  regulated  under  act  56  of  2001,  private  security  industry  regulation  act.  united  states  private  security  guards  have  outnumbered  police  officers  since  the  1980s,  predating  the  heightened  concern  about  security  brought  on  by  the  september  11,  2001,  attacks.  the  more  than  1  million  contract  security  officers,  and  an  equal  number  of  guards  estimated  to  work  directly  for  u.s.  corporations,  is  much  greater  than
__label__situationalsurveillance the  nearly  700,000  sworn  law  enforcement  officers  in  the  united  states.  most  states  require  a  license  to  work  as  a  security  officer.  this  license  may  include  a  criminal  background  check  or  mandated  training  requirements.  security  guards  have  the  same  powers  of  arrest  as  a  private  citizen,  called  a  private  person  arrest,  any  person  arrest,  or  citizens  arrest.  if  weapons  are  carried,  additional  permits  and  training  are  usually  required.  armed  security  personnel  are  generally  employed  to  protect  sensitive  sites  such  as  government  and  military  installations,  armored  money  transports,  casinos,  banks  and  other  financial  institutions,  and  nuclear  power  plants.  however,  armed  security
__label__situationalsurveillance is  quickly  becoming  a  standard  for  vehicle  patrol  officers  and  on  many  other  nongovernment  sites.in  some  states,  companies  are  developing  technology  to  enhance  private  security.  using  behavior  analysis,  computers  can  detect  threats  more  quickly  with  fewer  errors  in  judgement.  using  specific  algorithms,  a  computer  can  now  detect  aggressive  and  defensive  body  language,  which  triggers  an  alert  to  security  or  proper  authorities  depending  on  the  event.  these  systems  can  also  track  slips  and  falls,  theft  and  other  events  commonly  experienced  in  corporate  america.  the  responsibilities  of  security  guards  in  the  united  states  are  expanding  in  scope.  for  example,  a  trend  is
__label__situationalsurveillance the  increasing  use  of  private  security  to  support  services  previously  provided  by  police  departments.  james  f.  pastor  addresses  substantive  legal  and  public  policy  issues  which  directly  or  indirectly  relate  to  the  provision  of  security  services.  these  can  be  demonstrated  by  the  logic  of  alternative  or  supplemental  service  providers.  the  use  of  private  police  has  particular  appeal  because  property  or  business  owners  can  directly  contract  for  public  safety  services,  thereby  providing  welcome  relief  for  municipal  budgets.  finally,  private  police  functions  can  be  flexible,  depending  upon  the  financial,  organizational,  political,  and  circumstances  of  the  client.arizona  licensed  security  companies  are  required  to  provide
__label__situationalsurveillance eight  hours  of  preassignment  training  to  all  persons  employed  as  security  guards  before  the  employee  acts  in  the  capacity  of  a  security  guard.  there  is  a  statemandated  curriculum  that  must  be  taught,  and  subjects  covered  must  include  criminal  law  and  laws  of  arrest,  uniforms  and  grooming,  communications,  use  of  force,  general  security  procedures,  crime  scene  preservation,  ethics,  and  first  response.california  security  guards  are  required  to  obtain  a  license  from  the  bureau  of  security  and  investigative  services  bsis,  of  the  california  department  of  consumer  affairs.  applicants  must  be  at  least  18  years  old,  undergo  a  criminal  history  background  check  through  the
__label__situationalsurveillance california  department  of  justice  doj  and  the  federal  bureau  of  investigation  fbi,  and  complete  a  40hour  course  of  required  training.  this  required  training  is  broken  down  into  smaller  training  sections  and  timelines.  the  first  is  8  hours  of  bsisdesigned  instruction  on  powers  to  arrest  and  weapons.  then,  within  30  days  of  getting  the  individual  officers  license,  they  must  receive  16  hours  of  training  on  various  mandatory  and  elective  courses.  finally,  within  6  months  of  getting  their  license,  they  must  receive  an  additional  16  hours  of  training  on  various  mandatory  and  elective  courses.  california  security  officers  are  also  required  to  complete
__label__situationalsurveillance 8  hours  of  annual  training  on  securityrelated  topics,  in  addition  to  the  initial  40  hours  of  training.  the  training  and  exam  may  be  administered  by  any  private  patrol  operator  or  by  any  of  a  large  number  of  certified  training  facilities.  this  training  can  be  in  the  classroom  or  online.new  jersey  as  of  2006  all  security  personnel  employed  by  a  security  officer  company  which  provides  security  services  to  other  entities  by  contract  must  undergo  a  state  mandated  certified  training  program.  this  law,  commonly  referred  to  as  sora,  is  the  states  effort  to  increase  the  quality  of  security  personnel.  security  personnel  employed
__label__situationalsurveillance by  other  types  of  businesses  do  not  require  the  sora  certification  card.  however,  those  employed  by  the  atlantic  city  casinos  are  required  to  have  the  state  issued  casino  employee  registration  card.new  mexico  as  of  2008  all  security  guards  must  undergo  fbi  background  checks  and  a  certified  training  program.  guards  who  carry  firearms  must  also  undergo  additional  training  with  a  firearm  through  an  approved  firearms  instructor  and  pass  a  psychological  exam.  the  security  industry  is  regulated  through  the  new  mexico  regulation  and  licensing  division.north  carolina  security  officers  in  north  carolina  are  required  to  register  and  become  certified  with  the  private  protective
__label__situationalsurveillance services  board  ppsb,  the  private  security  authority  body  under  the  north  carolina  department  of  justice.  the  purpose  of  the  private  protective  services  board  is  to  administer  the  licensing,  education  and  training  requirements  for  persons,  firms,  associations  and  corporations  engaged  in  private  protective  services  within  north  carolina.  the  board  is  totally  fee  funded  and  is  staffed  by  departmental  employees  directed  on  a  daily  basis  by  the  director,  who  is  appointed  by  the  attorney  general.  there  are  two  classifications  for  an  officer:  armed  and  unarmed.  while  an  unarmed  officer  is  required  to  take  a  16hour  class  of  training  and  instruction  to  become
__label__situationalsurveillance certified,  an  armed  officer  must  take  additional  hours  of  classroom  training  as  well  as  qualify  on  a  gun  range  with  the  firearm  which  will  be  carried  on  duty.oklahoma  security  officers  in  oklahoma  are  licensed  by  cleet  council  on  law  enforcement  education  and  training.  to  be  licensed  as  an  unarmed  officer  an  individual  must  be  at  least  18  years  of  age  and  undergo  40  hours  of  classroom  training  and  pass  criminal  history  checks.  armed  guards  must  be  21  years  of  age,  have  another  40  hours  of  classroom  training,  qualify  with  their  firearm  and  pass  a  psychological  evaluation.oregon  department  of  public  safety,
__label__situationalsurveillance standards  and  trainingpennsylvania  no  licensing  requirements  to  be  an  unarmed  security  guard.  however,  anyone  who  carried  a  firearm  or  other  lethal  weapon  in  the  course  and  scope  of  their  employment  must  be  trained  as  a  certified  agent  and  successfully  complete  a  40hour  training  course  including  shooting  range  time  in  order  to  be  certified  to  carry  weapons  while  on  duty  under  the  lethal  weapons  training  act  commonly  referred  to  as  act  235  certification.  certification  involves  completing  a  medical  physical  exam,  a  psychological  examination,  classroom  training  and  qualifying  on  a  pistol  range,  with  firing  of  50  rounds  of  ammo  larger  than  a
__label__situationalsurveillance .380acp.  agents  are  also  required  to  qualify  on  a  shotgun.  the  certification  is  good  for  five  years  at  which  time  an  eighthour  refresher  course  must  be  taken  or  the  certification  is  revoked.south  carolina  all  security  officers  have  the  same  authority  and  power  of  arrest  as  sheriffs  deputies,  while  on  the  property  they  are  paid  to  protect,  and  according  to  attorney  general  alan  wilson,  are  considered  law  enforcement  for  the  purpose  of  making  arrests  and  swearing  out  a  warrant  before  the  magistrate.  private  officers  may  respond  to  calls  for  service,  make  arrests  and  use  blue  lights  and  traffic  radar.  they  may
__label__situationalsurveillance also  be  specially  authorized  by  the  state  law  enforcement  division  sled  to  issue  uniform  traffic  tickets  to  violators.  security  officers  are  licensed  or  registered  as  appropriate  by  sled  for  one  year  at  a  time.  training  for  unarmed  officers  is  8  hours,  an  additional  8  hours  is  required  for  a  security  weapons  permit  or  a  concealed  security  weapons  permit.  additional  hours  are  required  to  be  documented  for  officers  issuing  public  or  private  tickets  as  well  as  officers  who  will  be  using  batons,  pepper  spray  or  tasers.virginia  since  the  1980s,  security  officers  in  virginia  are  required  to  be  certified  by  dcjs  department
__label__situationalsurveillance of  criminal  justice  services,  the  same  agency  that  certifies  law  enforcement  officers.  to  be  certified  as  an  unarmed  security  officer  one  must  go  through  18  hours  of  classroom  training  from  a  certified  instructor  in  order  to  obtain  this  card  and  it  must  be  done  by  the  end  of  their  90  days  after  hire  with  a  security  company.  every  two  years  the  card  must  be  renewed,  by  completing  an  inservice  with  a  certified  instructor.  to  be  certified  as  an  armed  security  officer  one  must  complete  an  additional  24  hours  of  firearms  training,  8  hours  of  training  in  conducting  a  lawful  arrest,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  qualification  with  the  type  and  caliber  of  weapon  they  intend  to  carry.  firearms  endorsements  must  be  renewed  annually  by  completing  an  inservice  and  passing  a  firearms  qualification.  certified  armed  security  officers  are  authorized  under  state  code  to  arrest  for  any  offense  committed  in  their  presence  while  they  are  on  duty  at  the  location  they  are  hired  to  protect.  unarmed  officers  have  no  arrest  powers.  they  also  are  granted  the  authority  by  the  state  law  to  issue  summons  to  appear  in  court  for  felonies  and  misdemeanors.  virginia  also  allows  security  officers  to  attend  additional  40  hours  of  training  to  become
__label__situationalsurveillance certified  as  conservators  of  the  peace  special  police  for  the  company  employing  them.  this  appointment  is  performed  by  a  circuit  court  judge,  wherein  the  officer  is  actually  sworn  in  and  has  the  powers  of  a  police  officer  on  property  they  are  working,  as  well  as  the  lawful  duty  to  act  upon  witnessing  any  felony  and  the  ability  to  pursue  fleeing  felons.  such  sworn  officers  are  also  permitted  the  use  of  sirens  and  red  lights.  those  who  handle  k9s,  work  as  dispatchers,  alarm  responders,  private  investigators,  instructors,  bounty  hunters,  armored  car  couriers  and  executive  protection  specialists  are  other  categories  of  training
__label__situationalsurveillance regulated  by  dcjs  with  additional  training  requirements.  all  positions  require  state  police  and  fbi  background  checks.st.  louis,  missouri  security  officers  are  required  to  be  licensed  by  the  st.  louis  county  police  department  or  st.  louis  police  department.  st.  louis  county  security  officer  training  is  a  twoday  class  and  yearly  renewal  class.  armed  officers  must  shoot  biannually  to  keep  their  armed  status.  county  license  is  called  a  metropolitan  license,  meaning  it  is  good  for  st.  louis  city  and  county.  the  st.  louis  city  web  site  has  all  the  information  regarding  licensing  requirements,  as  they  are  the  same  in  the  city  and
__label__situationalsurveillance county.texas  there  are  three  types  of  security  officer  license  types  in  the  state  of  texas.  each  requires  a  certain  level  of  training.  all  training  and  licensing  is  regulated  by  the  department  of  public  safetys  private  security  bureau.  the  three  types  of  licenses  arenon  commissioned  security  officer  level  iia  non  commissioned  security  officer  is  unarmed  and  must  wear  a  distinctive  dps  approved  uniform.  the  main  purpose  of  this  type  of  officer  is  the  phrase  most  associated  with  security,  observe  and  report.  the  security  officer  is  generally  there  to  be  a  good  witness.required  training:  level  ii/non  commissioned  officer  requires  6  hours  of
__label__situationalsurveillance classroom  based  training.  this  course  may  be  taught  by  any  licensed  company  directly  to  new  hires.  the  owner,  qualified  manager,  or  a  designee  of  the  qualified  manager  may  teach  the  course.  at  the  completion  of  the  course  the  candidate  must  pass  a  multiple  choice  exam.  there  are  no  pre  requisites  to  this  course  or  license.background  check:  fbi  background  check  and  electronic  fingerprint  imagingrenewal:  submission  of  renewal  fee  every  two  years.  no  required  renewal  course.commissioned  security  officer  level  iii  a  commissioned  security  officer  openly  carries  a  handgun  and  may  also  carry  a  baton,  chemical  dispensing  device  oc,  taser,  etc.  commissioned  officers
__label__situationalsurveillance also  must  wear  a  distinct  dps  approved  uniform  and  can  at  no  time  conceal  their  weapon  while  on  duty  and/or  in  uniform.  the  main  purpose  of  this  type  of  officer  is  to  actively  prevent  and  deter  crime.  observe  and  report  is  now  a  secondary  function  and  the  officer  is  to  actively  protect  the  clients  and  property  in  accordance  with  clients  procedures  as  well  as  state/federal  law.required  training:  level  iii/commissioned  officer  requires  a  40hour  level  iii  course.  the  training  for  this  license  consists  of  classroom  based  learning,  defense  tactics,  handcuffing,  and  firearms  training.  at  the  completion  of  the  course  the  candidate
__label__situationalsurveillance must  pass  a  firearms  proficiency  test  and  a  multiple  choice  exam.  this  license  requires  the  previous  level  ii  course  to  be  completed  first.  this  course  may  only  be  taught  by  a  licensed  level  iii  instructor  working  under  a  state  licensed  level  iii  security  training  school.background  check:  fbi  background  check  and  electronic  fingerprint  imagingrenewal:  submission  of  renewal  fee  and  proof  of  completion  of  a  6hour  requalification  class  taught  by  a  level  iii  instructor  under  a  level  iii  training  school.  the  requalification  course  requires  completion  of  a  multiple  choice  exam  and  a  firearms  qualification.  this  is  done  every  two  years.personal  protection  officer
__label__situationalsurveillance level  iva  personal  protection  officer  ppo  directly  protects  the  life  of  their  client.  ppos  are  the  only  license  type  able  to  wear  plain  clothes  while  working.  ppos  in  plain  clothes  must  conceal  their  firearm,  and  they  are  also  the  only  license  type  able  to  conceal  their  firearm  at  all.  the  level  iv/personal  protection  officer  license  is  tied  to  the  level  iii/commissioned  officer  license.  to  issue  a  ppo  license  the  ppo  candidate  must  be  applying  for  at  the  same  time  or  have  already  received  a  level  iii/  commissioned  security  officer  license.  the  security  officers  level  iii  and  iv  will  also  have
__label__situationalsurveillance the  same  expiration  date  regardless  of  date  issued.required  training:  level  iv/  personal  protection  officer  requires  a  15  hours  course  teaching  additional  law,  defense  tactics,  considerations  for  personal  protection  of  a  client,  and  oc  training.  this  license  requires  the  previous  level  ii  and  level  iii  courses  to  be  completed  first.  this  course  may  only  be  taught  by  a  licensed  level  iv  instructor  working  under  a  state  licensed  level  iv  security  training  school.background  check:  fbi  background  check  and  electronic  fingerprint  imagingpsychological  testing:  in  addition  to  the  training  and  background  check  a  ppo  must  also  submit  an  mmpi  psychological  test  administered  by  a
__label__situationalsurveillance texas  licensed  psychologist.renewal:  submission  of  renewal  fee  and  a  current  level  iii/  commissioned  officer  license  or  pending  renewal  of  level  iii/commissioned  officer  license.new  orleans,  louisiana  the  city  of  new  orleans  department  of  police  in  accordance  with  new  orleans  home  rule  charter  section  4502  2  a  b  and  new  orleans  municipal  code  17271  mcs  9086,  deputizes  armed  security  officers,  private  investigators,  college  campus  police,  city,  state,  and  federal  agencies,  within  the  city  limits,  with  limited  police  power  as  new  orleans  police  special  officers.  new  orleans  municipal  code  17271  mcs  301122  states  it  shall  be  unlawful  for  any  person  to  act  as
__label__situationalsurveillance an  armed  guard  unless  he  is  a  peace  officer.  louisiana  r.s.  40:1379.1  b  states  the  special  officer,  when  performing  those  tasks  requiring  a  special  officers  commission,  shall  have  the  same  powers  and  duties  as  a  peace  officer.  special  officers  may  make  arrest  for  felony  or  misdemeanor  offenses  on  the  property  or  area  they  are  to  protect,  patrol,  or  in  relation  to  their  direct  assignment.  the  special  officer  when  making  an  arrest  may  pat  down  the  arrested  subject  for  weapons.  special  officers  are  to  turn  over  arrested  subjects  and  pertaining  evidence  to  a  new  orleans  police  officer.  special  officers  or  to
__label__situationalsurveillance honor  all  subpoenas  on  arrest  made  and  appear  in  court  to  testify.  special  officers  when  not  on  a  particular  assignment  are  regarded  as  private  citizens  and  have  no  police  power.  however,  special  officers  still  may  make  an  arrest  for  a  felony,  whether  in  or  out  of  his  presence,  while  not  on  a  particular  assignment,  under  louisiana  law  ccrp  art.214  arrest  by  private  person;  when  lawful.  security  officers  and  the  police  security  personnel  are  not  police  officers,  unless  they  are  security  police.  security  personnel  derive  their  powers  from  state  or  provincial  laws,  which  allow  them  a  contractual  arrangement  with  clients  that
__label__situationalsurveillance give  them  agent  of  the  owner  powers.  this  includes  a  nearly  unlimited  power  to  question  with  the  absence  of  probable  cause  requirements  that  frequently  dog  public  law  enforcement  officers.  in  essence,  security  officers  keep  private  property  /  persons  safe  from  hazards,  whereas  police  officers  protect  entire  communities  by  enforcing  laws  and  arresting  suspected  offenders.  some  jurisdictions  do  commission  or  deputize  security  officers  and  give  them  limited  additional  powers,  particularly  when  employed  in  protecting  public  property  such  as  mass  transit  stations.  this  is  a  special  case  that  is  often  unique  to  a  particular  jurisdiction  or  locale.  additionally,  security  officers  may  also
__label__situationalsurveillance be  called  upon  to  act  as  an  agent  of  law  enforcement  if  a  police  officer,  sheriffs  deputy,  etc.  is  in  immediate  need  of  help  and  has  no  available  backup.some  security  officers  do  have  reserve  police  powers  and  are  typically  employed  directly  by  governmental  agencies.  typically,  these  are  sworn  law  enforcement  personnel  whose  duties  primarily  involve  the  security  of  a  government  installation,  and  are  also  a  special  case.  other  local  and  state  governments  occasionally  enter  into  special  contracts  with  security  agencies  to  provide  patrol  services  in  public  areas.  these  personnel  are  sometimes  referred  to  as  private  police  officers.  sometimes,  police  officers
__label__situationalsurveillance work  as  security  personnel  while  not  on  duty.  this  is  usually  done  for  extra  income,  and  work  is  particularly  done  in  hazardous  jobs  such  as  bodyguard  work  and  bouncers  outside  nightclubs.  police  are  called  in  when  a  situation  warrants  a  higher  degree  of  authority  to  act  upon  reported  observations  that  security  does  not  have  the  authority  to  act  upon.  however,  some  states  allow  licensed  security  officers  full  arrest  powers  equal  to  those  of  a  sheriffs  deputy.in  1976,  the  law  enforcement  assistance  administrations  national  advisory  commission  on  criminal  justice  standards  and  goals  reported:one  massive  resource,  filled  with  significant  numbers  of  personnel,
__label__situationalsurveillance armed  with  a  wide  array  of  technology,  and  directed  by  professionals  who  have  spent  their  entire  adult  lifetimes  learning  how  to  prevent  and  reduce  crime,  has  not  been  tapped  by  governments  in  the  fight  against  criminality.  the  private  security  industry,  with  over  one  million  workers,  sophisticated  alarm  systems  and  perimeter  safeguards,  armored  trucks,  sophisticated  minicomputers,  and  thousands  of  highly  skilled  crime  prevention  experts,  offers  a  potential  for  coping  with  crime  that  can  not  be  equalled  by  any  other  remedy  or  approach....  underutilized  by  police,  all  but  ignored  by  prosecutors  and  the  judiciary,  and  unknown  to  corrections  officials,  the  private  security
__label__situationalsurveillance professional  may  be  the  only  person  in  this  society  who  has  the  knowledge  to  effectively  prevent  crime.in  new  york  city,  the  area  police/private  security  liaison  program  was  organized  in  1986  by  the  nypd  commissioner  and  four  former  police  chiefs  working  in  the  private  security  industry  to  promote  mutual  respect,  crosstraining,  and  sharing  of  crimerelated  information  between  public  police  and  private  security.  trends  australia  private  security  personnel  initially  outnumbered  police.  from  the  australian  bureau  of  statistics  report  in  2006  there  were  52,768  fulltime  security  officers  in  the  security  industry  compared  to  44,898  police  officers.  but  since  security  industry  regulation  act  2007
__label__situationalsurveillance it  has  dropped  to  less  than  half  that.  united  kingdom  the  trend  in  the  uk  at  the  time  of  writing  march  2008  is  one  of  polarisation.  the  market  in  manned  guarding  the  security  industry  term  for  the  security  guards  most  people  are  familiar  with  is  diverging  toward  two  opposite  extremes;  one  typified  by  a  highly  trained  and  well  paid  security  officer;  the  other  with  security  officers  on  or  about  minimum  wage  with  only  the  minimum  training  required  by  law.  within  the  inhouse  sector,  where  security  personnel  are  not  subject  to  licensing  under  the  private  security  industry  act  2001,  the  same
__label__situationalsurveillance divergence  can  be  seen,  with  some  companies  opting  for  inhouse  security  to  maintain  control  of  their  standards,  while  others  use  it  as  a  route  to  cheaper,  nonregulated,  security.  in  a  very  few  cases,  such  as  the  northern  ireland  security  guard  service,  security  guards  may  be  attested  as  special  constables.  united  states  economist  robert  b.  reich,  in  his  1991  book  the  work  of  nations,  stated  that  in  the  united  states,  the  number  of  private  security  guards  and  officers  was  comparable  to  the  number  of  publicly  paid  police  officers.  he  used  this  phenomenon  as  an  example  of  the  general  withdrawal  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance affluent  from  existing  communities  where  governments  provide  public  services.  instead,  the  wealthy  pay  to  provide  their  own  premium  services,  through  voluntary,  exclusive  associations.  as  taxpayer  resistance  has  limited  government  budgets,  and  as  the  demand  for  secure  homes  in  gated  communities  has  grown,  these  trends  have  continued  in  the  1990s  and  2000s.  in  the  aftermath  of  the  september  11,  2001  attacks,  the  trend  in  the  us  is  one  of  a  quiet  transformation  of  the  role  of  security  guards  into  first  responders  in  case  of  a  terrorist  attack  or  major  disaster.  this  has  resulted  in  longer  guard  instruction  hours,  extra  training  in
__label__situationalsurveillance terrorism  tactics  and  increased  laws  governing  private  security  companies  in  some  states.  history  the  vigiles  were  soldiers  assigned  to  guard  the  city  of  rome,  often  credited  as  the  origin  of  both  security  personnel  and  police,  although  their  principal  duty  was  as  a  fire  brigade.  there  have  been  night  watchmen  since  at  least  the  middle  ages  in  europe;  walled  cities  of  ancient  times  also  had  watchmen.  a  special  chair  appeared  in  europe  sometime  in  the  late  middle  ages,  called  the  watchmans  chair;  this  unupholstered  wooden  chair  had  a  forward  slanting  seat  to  prevent  the  watchman  from  dozing  off  during  duty.  notable
__label__situationalsurveillance individuals  in  june  1972,  frank  wills,  a  security  guard  at  the  watergate  office  complex  in  washington,  d.c.,  noticed  a  piece  of  tape  covering  the  latch  on  an  entrance  to  one  of  the  buildings,  thereby  preventing  it  from  locking.  police,  whom  wills  subsequently  notified,  arrested  five  men  in  the  portion  of  the  building  occupied  by  the  democratic  national  committee  dnc  headquarters.  the  following  investigations  and  revelations  entirely  enabled  by  wills  discoveries  and  subsequent  actions  ultimately  led  to  the  resignation  of  president  richard  nixon  in  what  is  now  infamously  known  as  the  watergate  scandal,  considered  by  many  to  be  the  largest  political
__label__situationalsurveillance scandal  in  the  history  of  the  united  states.christoph  meili,  night  guard  at  a  swiss  bank,  became  a  whistle  blower  in  1997.  he  told  about  the  bank  destroying  records  related  to  funds  of  holocaust  victims,  whose  money  the  bank  was  supposed  to  return  to  their  heirs.in  1999,  pierlucio  tinazzi  rescued  10  victims  from  the  mont  blanc  tunnel  fire,  before  dying  while  trying  to  rescue  an  eleventh.in  2001,  gary  coleman,  former  child  actor,  was  employed  as  an  armed  security  officer,  with  permits  valid  for  both  firearm  and  baton  through  the  bureau  of  security  and  investigative  services  of  california  in  the  los  angeles
__label__situationalsurveillance area.  while  shopping  for  a  bulletresistant  vest  for  his  job,  coleman  assaulted  a  female  autograph  collector.  coleman  said  he  felt  threatened  by  her  insistence  and  punched  her  in  the  head.  he  was  later  charged  for  the  assault  and  ordered  to  pay  her  1,665  for  hospital  bills.  this  also  ended  up  getting  his  guard  card  and  firearms  permits  revoked,  however  his  baton  permit  is  still  valid  until  the  year  2045.  it  is  unknown  why  the  other  two  permits  were  revoked  but  his  baton  permit  remains.  he  is  not  allowed  to  carry  the  baton  while  he  is  not  physically  working  as  a
__label__situationalsurveillance security  officer.  firearms  and  baton  permits  issued  through  bsis  are  open  carry  permits,  and  you  are  required  to  be  in  uniform,  and  at  work,  on  your  way  to  or  from  work  to  carry  them  otherwise  a  separate  permit  must  be  issued  by  the  county  in  california  that  the  individual  resides  to  carry  said  item  off  duty.derrick  brun,  an  unarmed  security  officer  employed  by  the  red  lake  school  district  in  minnesota,  was  praised  by  president  bush  for  his  heroic  role  in  protecting  children  during  the  2005  red  lake  shootings:  derricks  bravery  cost  him  his  life,  and  all  americans  honor  him.in  2007,
__label__situationalsurveillance matthew  murray  fatally  shot  two  and  wounded  two  others  at  the  youth  with  a  mission  retreat  center  in  arvada,  colorado.  a  few  hours  later  he  fatally  shot  two  others  and  wounded  another  three  in  the  new  life  church  parking  lot.  when  murray  entered  the  church,  he  was  met  by  armed  security  officer  jeanne  assam,  who  ordered  him  to  drop  his  weapon.  assam  shot  and  wounded  murray  when  he  failed  to  comply.  the  pastor  of  new  life  church  credited  assam  with  saving  over  100  lives.richard  jewell,  a  security  officer  at  atlanta,  georgias  centennial  olympic  park  during  the  1996  summer  olympics  who
__label__situationalsurveillance was  wrongly  accused  of  the  centennial  olympic  park  bombing.  jewell  was  later  cleared  of  those  charges,  and  was  in  fact  the  one  who  saved  hundreds  of  lives  when  he  first  noticed  the  suspicious  package  and  got  the  area  evacuated.  jewell  later  successfully  sued  several  news  agencies  who  reported  him  as  the  criminal  prior  to  having  the  facts.  unionization  canada  many  security  guards  in  canada  are  unionized.  the  primary  unions  which  represent  security  guards  in  canada  are  the  united  food  and  commercial  workers  ufcw,  local  333,  and  the  canadian  branch  of  the  united  steelworkers  usw.  in  contrast  to  the  legal  restrictions
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  united  states,  canadian  labour  relations  boards  will  certify  bargaining  units  of  security  guards  for  a  canadian  labour  congress  clcaffiliated  union  or  in  the  same  union  with  other  classifications  of  employees.  united  states  in  june  1947,  the  united  states  congress  passed  the  tafthartley  act  placing  many  restrictions  on  labor  unions.  section  9  b  3  of  the  act  prevents  the  national  labor  relations  board  nlrb  from  certifying  for  collective  bargaining  any  unit  which  mixes  security  employees  with  nonsecurity  employees.  this  restricts  the  ability  of  security  employees  to  join  any  union  that  also  represents  other  types  of  employees.  they  may  be
__label__situationalsurveillance part  of  an  independent,  securityonly  union,  not  affiliated  with  any  coalition  of  other  types  of  labor  unions  such  as  the  american  federation  of  labor  and  congress  of  industrial  organizations  aflcio.  a  union  which  also  represents  nonsecurity  employees  may  also  represent  and  bargain  on  behalf  of  security  employees  with  the  employers  consent.  two  of  the  largest  security  unions  are  the  security,  police,  and  fire  professionals  of  americaspfpa  and  the  united  government  security  officers  of  americaugsoa.  security,  police,  and  fire  professionals  of  america  in  1948  with  the  tafthartley  restrictions  well  into  effect,  the  detroit,  michigan  area  security  guards  of  united  auto  workers
__label__situationalsurveillance uaw  amalgamated  local  114  were  forced  to  break  away  and  start  a  separate  plant  guards  organizing  committee.  the  nlrb  ruled  that  as  an  affiliate  of  the  cio,  the  committee  was  indirectly  affiliated  with  production  unions  and  therefore  ineligible  for  certification  under  the  new  restrictions.  the  committee  was  then  forced  to  completely  withdraw  from  the  cio  and  start  the  independent  united  plant  guard  workers  of  america.  by  the  1990s,  this  union  had  evolved  to  include  many  other  types  of  security  officers  and  changed  its  name  to  the  spfpa.  united  government  security  officers  of  america  in  1992,  the  ugsoa  was  formed.  it
__label__situationalsurveillance specializes  in  organizing  federal,  state,  and  local  government  security  officers,  but  since  may,  2000  has  been  open  to  representing  other  types  of  security  personnel  as  well.  others  the  service  employees  international  union  seiu  has  also  sought  to  represent  security  employees,  although  its  efforts  have  been  complicated  by  the  taftharley  act  because  the  seiu  also  represents  janitors,  trash  collectors,  and  other  building  service  employees.  see  also  references  external  links  ontario  ministry  of  community  safety  and  correctional  services  information  page  on  new  private  security  legislation  introduced  in  august,  2007uk  private  security  industry  legislationsmall  arms  survey  research  note:  private  security  companies  firearms  stockpiles
__label__situationalsurveillance the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  school  of  information  security,  korea  university,  seoul  02841,  korea;  agency  for  defense  development  add,  seoul  05771,  korea;  school  of  information  security,  korea  university,  seoul  02841,  korea;  internetofthings  iot  is  a  technology  that  is  extensively  being  used  in  various  fields.  companies  like  samsung,  lg,  and  apple  are  launching  home  appliances  that  use  iot  as  a  part  of  their  smart  home  business.  currently,  intelligent  things  which  combine  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  iot  are  being  developed.  most  of  these  devices  are  configured  to  collect  and  respond  to  human  behavior  motion,  voice,  etc.  through  builtin  sensors.
__label__situationalsurveillance if  iot  devices  do  not  ensure  high  security,  personal  information  could  be  leaked.  this  paper  describes  the  iot  security  threats  that  can  cause  information  leakage  from  a  hierarchical  viewpoint  of  cyberspace.  in  addition,  because  these  smart  homebased  iot  devices  are  closely  related  to  human  life,  considering  social  damage  is  a  problem.  to  overcome  this,  we  propose  a  framework  to  measure  the  risk  of  iot  devices  based  on  security  scenarios  that  can  occur  in  a  smart  home.  a  smart  home  consists  of  a  computer,  smart  phone,  and  other  devices  that  are  equipped  with  an  internetofthings  iot  connection.  in  recent  years,  the
__label__situationalsurveillance use  of  artificial  intelligene  aiintegrated  intelligent  iot  devices  has  significantly  increased  .  for  example,  a  smart  sensor,  such  as  a  thermostat,  can  be  remotely  controlled  by  a  user  via  an  internet  connection.  the  user  can  monitor  the  house  in  realtime  through  the  ip  camera.  even  door  locks  that  include  connectivity  options  allowing  remote  operation  are  being  developed.  this  phenomenon  increases  the  possibility  of  threats  to  the  real  space,  unlike  cyberattacks  ddos,  apt  attacks,  etc.,  which  cause  damage  to  the  cyberspace.  a  smart  home  is  vulnerable  to  security  threats  because  it  uses  the  internet  that  utilizes  radio  frequency  identification  rfid,  wireless
__label__situationalsurveillance sensor  network  wsn,  wifi,  3g,  and  4g.  this  implies  that  the  information  collected  by  the  sensors  installed  in  the  iot  devices  can  leak  personal  information  to  the  attacker  owing  to  their  vulnerability.  these  cyberattacks  focus  on  the  collection  and  monitoring  of  information.  in  2014,  email  leaks  confirmed  that  many  countries  intelligence  and  investigation  agencies  had  requested  an  italian  hacking  team  to  create  an  exploit  kit  that  exploited  vulnerabilities  in  iot  equipment  for  surveillance  or  inspection  purposes.  in  2017,  vault  7,  the  primary  publication  of  confidential  documents,  leaked  information  about  the  activities  of  intelligence  agencies  by  wikileaks,  an  international  nonprofit  organization
__label__situationalsurveillance that  publishes  classified  information.  this  document  contained  information  on  a  cyber  weapon  developed  by  the  cia  in  the  united  states  and  gchq  in  the  united  kingdom.  it  can  monitor  users  by  exploiting  vulnerabilities  through  samsungs  smart  tv.  in  addition,  the  disclosed  document  explains  techniques  to  acquire  the  root  privilege  of  a  smartphone  by  exploiting  vulnerabilities  of  browsers  such  as  chrome,  opera,  and  samsung  mobile  browser.  it  is  evident  from  these  instances  that  iot  device  sensors  can  be  used  as  an  information  collection  path  by  an  intruder  .  the  iot  environment  is  advantageous  because  it  configures  the  users  surrounding  as  a
__label__situationalsurveillance connected  environment  to  provide  convenience.  however,  because  most  iot  devices  are  connected  to  the  internet,  their  security  can  be  challenged  by  a  single  vulnerability.  a  malicious  attacker  may  steal  confidential  information  stored  on  iot  devices,  monitor  the  users  life,  or,  if  necessary,  the  users  personal  information  may  be  unauthorisedly  used.  therefore,  in  the  development  of  iot  devices,  risk  identification  and  measurement  and  assessment  procedures  should  be  introduced  to  identify  the  countermeasures  against  unauthorized  user  identification  and  access  control.  this  paper  addresses  the  threats  that  may  occur  owing  to  iot  device  sensors  by:  comparing  and  analyzing  the  cyberspace  layers  and  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance environment.  connecting  with  the  cyberspace  layer  to  identify  possible  threats  to  iot  devices  in  a  smart  home.  proposing  a  framework  for  risk  assessment  of  iot  devices  in  a  smart  home  environment.  this  study  explains  security  threats  such  as  privacy  infringement  and  personal  information  leak  in  smart  homes  composed  of  iot  devices.  it  approaches  the  evaluation  method  of  these  threats  from  the  framework  of  situational  awareness  sa  and  presents  the  direction  of  iot  threat  perception  from  the  viewpoint  of  decisionmakers  or  managers.  in  the  past,  cyberattacks  caused  onedimensional  damage,  which  caused  service  failure  through  vulnerabilities  such  as  hardware  and  software.  however,
__label__situationalsurveillance recent  cyberattacks  are  causing  harm  to  the  psychological  and  financial  states  of  human  beings  with  the  aim  of  unauthorised  acquisition  of  information.  with  the  developments  in  iot  technology,  there  is  an  increase  in  the  number  of  threats  related  to  an  individuals  privacy  breach.  this  section  describes  the  relationship  between  the  iot  environment  and  cyber  threats.  there  is  no  general  architecture  for  iot  environments.  however,  the  typical  iot  layered  architecture,  described  in  terms  of  security,  consists  of  the  perception  layer,  network  layer,  processing  layer,  application  layer,  and  business  layer  .  perception  layer:  this  layer,  also  called  the  sensor  layer,  is  responsible
__label__situationalsurveillance for  the  identification  of  objects  and  collection  of  information  about  objects.  rfid,  2d  barcodes,  and  various  types  of  sensors  for  object  recognition  are  attached  to  the  things.  the  information  collected  by  these  sensors  varies  in  location,  atmosphere,  environment,  motion,  and  vibration.  these  sensors  can  be  used  as  a  tool  to  unauthorisedly  monitor  privacy  by  an  attacker.  network  layer:  this  layer  connects  the  perception  layer  and  application  layer.  in  other  words,  this  layer  is  responsible  for  the  transfer  of  data  collected  in  the  perception  layer  to  other  connected  devices  through  a  communication  channel.  the  transmission  medium  may  be  wired  or  wireless
__label__situationalsurveillance wifi,  bluetooth,  zigbee,  cellular  network,  etc..  the  connectivity  of  iot  devices  is  vulnerable  to  transfer  malware  and  network  attacks  such  as  denial  of  service.  processing  layer:  this  layer  collects  and  processes  the  information  transmitted  from  the  network  layer.  it  is  responsible  for  removing  meaningless  extra  information  and  extracting  useful  information.  this  layer  can  affect  the  performance  of  the  iot  when  a  large  amount  of  information  is  received.  application  layer:  this  layer  uses  iot  technology  or  defines  all  applications  implemented  to  iot.  iot  can  be  implemented  in  smart  homes,  smart  cities,  and  smartphones,  which  controls  them.  because  the  services  provided  depend
__label__situationalsurveillance on  the  information  collected  by  the  sensors,  they  may  be  different  for  each  application.  especially  when  iot  is  used  in  a  smart  home,  various  internal  and  external  threats  and  vulnerabilities  can  occur.  business  layer:  the  business  layer  represents  the  intended  behavior  of  the  application.  this  layer  is  responsible  for  managing  and  controlling  the  application,  business,  and  revenue  models  of  iot  and  manages  users  personal  information.  this  layer  of  vulnerability  could  allow  an  attacker  to  misuse  the  application.  iot  environments  such  as  smart  homes  are  remotely  controlled  by  mobile  devices  such  as  smartphones.  from  the  viewpoint  of  iot  layered  architecture,  smartphone
__label__situationalsurveillance sensors  can  cause  secondary  damage  such  as  personal  information  leakage.  if  an  application  is  installed  in  this  device,  the  damage  can  be  extended.  cyberspace  is  a  specific  space  that  can  overcome  the  temporal  and  spatial  limitations  of  the  real  world  by  utilizing  the  virtual  environment  formed  with  electronic  devices  and  electronic  spectrum,  and  enables  communication  through  it.  cyberspace  is  characterized  by  the  ability  to  overcome  geographical  limitations  and  provide  rapid  delivery  of  extensive  information.  however,  as  the  usability  of  cyberspaces  increases,  the  components  of  cyberspace  such  as  the  network,  embedded  systems,  and  internet,  and  realworld  components  such  as  humans,  society,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  policy,  are  changing  interdependently.  according  to  the  joint  publication  jp  312r  cyber  operation  published  by  the  us  chief  of  staff,  the  concept  of  abstract  cyberspace  is  described  in  a  hierarchical  structure.  according  to  this  publication,  cyberspace  consists  of  three  layers:  physical,  logical,  and  persona.  the  physical  layer  is  a  hierarchy  in  which  physical  devices  routers,  switches,  sensors,  etc.  are  located  geographically  or  physically.  the  logical  layer  is  a  layer  that  logically  connects  devices  located  in  the  physical  layer  through  software  or  protocols.  representative  layers  included  in  this  layer  are  the  seven  layer  of  open  systems  interconnection  osi.  the  persona
__label__situationalsurveillance layer  is  a  layer  that  forms  or  recognizes  a  human  in  the  cyberspace  through  the  electronic  service  formed  by  the  physical  and  logical  layers.  for  example,  ip  address,  email,  and  id  are  forms  of  persona  layer.  the  threat  of  cyberspace  is  projected  into  the  real  world  through  this  persona  layer.  this  hierarchical  concept  of  cyberspace  can  be  utilized  as  a  framework  to  identify  cyber  threats  and  damage  in  iot  equipment  .  in  a  report  published  in  2011,  the  us  department  of  homeland  security  presented  a  cyber  ecosystem  that  explains  the  concept  of  cyberspace  layers.  the  cyber  ecosystem  is  a  concept
__label__situationalsurveillance that  constitutes  a  circulating  virtual  ecosystem  by  interacting  with  people,  governments,  social  organizations,  policies,  laws,  and  electronic  devices  such  as  hardware  and  software.  it  consists  of  fifteen  layers  with  complex  interactions.  the  top  four  layers  persona,  peoplesupervisory,  organization,  government  layer,  in  particular,  conceptually  explained  that  the  outcome  of  threats  in  cyberspace  may  ultimately  affect  individuals  or  society  .  this  concept  can  be  explained  in  connection  with  the  components  of  iot  see  .  perception  sensingphysical  or  geographic  layer:  the  main  purpose  of  perception  is  to  identify  the  phenomenon  and  change  in  the  device  environment  based  on  various  sensors  and  consequently  collect
__label__situationalsurveillance data  from  the  real  world.  these  motion,  environment,  and  position  sensors  are  physically  located  and  can  be  connected  to  the  physical  layer.  the  position  sensors  are  also  used  as  a  tool  to  measure  geographical  locations.  networklogical  layer:  sensors  in  iot  devices  are  integrated  through  a  sensor  hub,  which  uses  transport  mechanisms  such  as  interintegrated  circuit  i2c  or  serial  peripheral  interface  spi  to  ensure  data  flow  between  sensors  and  applications.  the  network  component  of  iot  is  responsible  for  transferring  the  data  collected  through  sensors  to  other  connected  devices.  these  components  are  similar  in  concept  to  the  logical  layer  because  they  logically
__label__situationalsurveillance connect  nodes  in  cyberspace.  various  technologies  such  as  wifi,  bluetooth,  and  zigbee  are  used  to  connect  data  flows  between  different  devices.  processingmachine  language  or  os  layer:  processing  component  consists  of  the  main  data  processing  unit  of  an  iot  device.  this  configuration  corresponds  to  the  machine  language  layer.  in  addition,  processing  performs  the  decisionmaking  analysis  through  the  data  collected  from  sensors.  iot  devices  such  as  smart  home  hubs  serve  to  improve  the  user  experience  by  storing  the  analysis  results.  because  the  os  is  essential  for  the  execution  of  this  analysis,  it  can  be  connected  to  the  os  layer.  applicationapplication  layer:  the
__label__situationalsurveillance application  component  is  responsible  for  implementing  and  presenting  the  results  of  data  processing  to  perform  different  applications  through  iot  devices.  the  application  is  a  useroriented  layer  that  performs  various  tasks  for  the  user  and  serves  as  the  application  layer  of  the  cyber  ecosystem.  iot  devices  can  be  implemented  in  smart  homes,  personal  hygiene,  and  healthcare.  businessreal  world:  a  business  represents  the  intended  behavior  of  an  application  and  is  closely  related  to  the  real  world  in  terms  of  managing  the  users  personal  information.  however,  it  is  difficult  to  provide  proper  security  through  a  sensor  management  system  and  security  system,  which  have
__label__situationalsurveillance strong  software  tendency.  the  sensor  data  captured  by  a  malicious  attacker  may  be  processed  and  cause  problems  such  as  leakage  of  personal  information  and  unauthorised  privacy  monitoring.  owing  to  developments  in  technology,  cyberspace  has  become  connected  to  real  world  and  the  result  of  threat  in  cyberspace  can  be  extended  to  real  world.  risk  analysis  and  measurement  consist  of  setting  the  scope  of  assets,  identification  of  threats  and  vulnerabilities,  and  analysis  of  threat  agents  tcom,  threat  community  based  on  various  scenarios.  risk  assessment  is  divided  into  basic  risk  assessment  and  detailed  risk  assessment.  although  basic  risk  assessment  does  not  utilize  an
__label__situationalsurveillance engine  to  calculate  the  risk  level,  it  can  produce  results  quickly  and  easily.  however,  it  has  difficulties  in  verifying  the  effectiveness  of  countermeasures.  a  detailed  risk  assessment  has  the  advantage  of  being  highly  reliable  in  risk  measurement  and  it  is  capable  of  aggressive  countermeasures;  however,  its  qualitative  measurement  is  unreliable.  to  overcome  the  shortcomings  of  this  risk  assessment,  this  study  implemented  the  factor  analysis  of  information  risk  fair.  the  fair  method  is  a  risk  measurement  method  developed  by  j.a.  jones.  unlike  the  existing  qualitative  risk  measurement  model,  the  fair  method  stochastically  approaches  the  measurement  of  each  factor  against  assets  and
__label__situationalsurveillance threats.  because  risk  is  an  uncertain  event  in  the  fair  method,  the  analysis  primarily  focuses  on  the  likelihood  of  a  set  scenario.  the  process  of  analyzing  risks  using  fair  consists  of  characterizing  the  risks,  combining  the  risk  factors,  and  measuring  the  risks.  to  accomplish  this,  we  approached  each  factor  from  a  stochastic  point  of  view  and  classified  risks  into  frequency  and  magnitude.  the  fair  method  is  divided  into  loss  event  frequency  lef,  which  is  the  frequency  of  the  threat,  and  loss  magnitude  lm,  which  represents  the  degree  of  damage  to  the  asset  see  ,  .  fair  model  is  used  to
__label__situationalsurveillance measure  risk  based  on  likelihood  and  probability,  and  consists  of  lef  and  lm  factors  that  represent  threats  and  damage  to  assets,  respectively.  lef  is  the  frequency  with  which  the  threat  agent  is  likely  to  damage  the  acquired  assets  within  a  certain  period  of  time.  it  is  essential  that  the  lef  distinguishes  between  the  possibilities  and  probabilities  over  time  to  identify  threats.  this  factor  measures  the  attackers  threat  by  threat  event  frequency  tef  and  vulnerability  vul  .  tef  indicates  the  frequency  with  which  a  threat  agent  is  likely  to  act  on  an  asset  within  a  specified  period.  similar  to  the  definition
__label__situationalsurveillance of  lef  ,  this  factor  does  not  reflect  the  success  of  an  attack  by  a  threat  agent.  the  tef  is  measured  by  contact  and  action  factors,  where  the  action  against  the  attack  is  based  on  the  contact  by  the  threat  agent.  contact  factor  means  the  frequency  with  which  a  threat  agent  is  likely  to  contact  an  asset  within  a  certain  period,  and  is  classified  into  random,  regular,  and  intentional.  the  factors  that  determine  the  probability  of  this  contact  factor  are  the  size  of  the  threat,  number  of  threats  in  contact,  size  of  the  asset,  activity  of  the  threat,  flexibility  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  threat,  and  relationship  between  the  threat  and  asset.  action  refers  to  the  probability  that  an  actual  attack  will  be  carried  out  on  an  asset  that  it  owns  in  the  event  of  a  threat  agents  contact.  the  precondition  for  the  action  is  that  the  threat  agent  who  can  think  of  is  caused  by  a  threat  agent  intentionally  created  such  as  a  malicious  program.  measures  related  to  these  actions  include  asset  value,  level  of  effort,  and  the  probability  of  detecting  threats  and  experiencing  unacceptable  consequences.  vul  is  the  probability  that  the  acquired  assets  cannot  resist  the  threat  agents  behavior.  vulnerability  exists
__label__situationalsurveillance owing  to  the  difference  between  the  capability  of  the  threat  agent  and  that  of  the  asset  to  resist  the  capability.  this  implies  that  vulnerability  is  relative  to  the  attack  method  or  type  of  threat.  these  vul  s  are  calculated  as  a  combination  of  threat  capability  tcap  and  control  strength  cs  .  tcap  is  the  ability  of  the  threat  agent  to  negatively  affect  the  asset.  tcap  does  not  equally  generate  all  threats.  therefore,  the  threat  agent  does  not  perform  the  same  functions.  in  addition,  the  value  of  tcap  may  be  higher  for  an  attack  target  where  a  threat  agent  is  set
__label__situationalsurveillance but  it  may  be  incompetent  for  other  objects.  cs  is  the  resistance  strength  of  the  acquired  assets  when  compared  to  the  measured  threats.  these  cs  s  are  divided  into  three  types:  policies,  processes,  and  techniques.  when  a  small  number  of  controls  are  set,  the  probability  values  of  each  control  can  be  independently  calculated.  loss  magnitude  lm:  lm  is  the  amount  of  damage  that  an  attacking  target  receives  when  a  threat  occurs.  however,  in  the  case  of  asset  damage,  there  is  no  standard  framework  for  asset  loss  because  most  organizations  or  agencies  focus  on  the  threat  response.  to  compensate  for  these
__label__situationalsurveillance weaknesses,  the  fair  model  combines  primary  loss  pl  and  secondary  loss  sl  to  measure  the  damage.  pl  consists  of  primary  loss  event  frequency  plef  and  primary  loss  magnitude  plm  .  plef  is  an  element  of  actions  that  a  threat  agent  performs  on  an  asset  and  consists  of  access,  misuse,  disclose,  modify,  and  deny  access.  the  intent  of  the  threat  agent  is  largely  determined  by  the  motivation  e.g.,  financial  gains,  revenge,  etc.  and  nature  of  the  asset,  and  the  magnitude  of  the  loss  depends  on  the  location  of  the  threat  agent  outside  or  inside  the  organization.  plef  broadcasts  threat  competence,  which
__label__situationalsurveillance is  a  characteristic  that  can  cause  damage.  plm  consists  of  a  combination  of  criticality,  cost,  and  sensitivity.  criticality  refers  to  the  nature  of  assets  that  causes  an  impact  on  the  productivity  of  the  organization.  cost  indicates  the  cost  of  responding  to  an  asset  when  it  is  damaged  by  an  attack.  sensitivity  refers  to  the  degree  of  damage  that  can  result  from  unintended  exposure  and  reflects  qualitative  measurements  such  as  reputation,  competitive  advantage,  and  legal/regulatory  proceedings.  sl  is  the  loss  caused  by  the  external  characteristics  of  an  environment  when  a  threat  event  occurs.  sl  is  measured  by  a  combination  of  secondary
__label__situationalsurveillance loss  event  frequency  slef  and  secondary  loss  magnitude  slm  .  slef  is  measured  considering  the  timing,  due  diligence,  response,  and  detection.  threat  events  result  in  a  direct  loss  owing  to  the  importance  of  the  asset  and  inherent  value  characteristics  but  slef  is  based  on  changes  in  the  external  environment.  slm  reflects  changes  in  the  legal  and  regulatory  landscape,  competitive  landscape,  media,  and  external  stakeholder.  when  cyberattacks  lead  to  social  disruption,  various  indicators  of  each  factor  are  reflected.  complexity  can  occur  in  risk  decision  making  in  situations  that  directly  reflect  human  life  in  the  iot  environment.  this  paper  used  the  framework
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  fair  model,  which  can  measure  secondary  damage  under  the  assumption  that  cyber  threats  damage  the  real  world  apart  from  the  cyberspace.  as  the  availability  of  iot  technologies  increases,  it  is  essential  to  measure  its  related  threats  and  risks.  especially,  iot  environment,  which  has  high  connectivity  with  people  such  as  smart  homes  and  smart  offices,  is  associated  with  privacy  exposure,  which  adversely  affects  the  threat.  the  complexity  of  this  iot  environment  makes  it  difficult  for  decisionmakers  to  make  an  accurate  assessment  of  the  situation.  this  section  describes  the  research  on  risk  assessment  and  sa  in  the  iot  environment.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance application  of  iot  technologies  poses  privacy  concerns  considering  confidentiality,  reliability,  and  integrity  of  the  data  that  iot  objects  interact  with.  to  identify  these  problems,  a  research  has  been  conducted  to  identify  the  risks.  m.  burhan  et  al.  outlined  a  layered  architecture  of  iot  elements  and  attacks  related  to  security  in  this  layer.  through  this  research,  this  study  proposed  a  new  security  layered  architecture  of  iot  .  b.  ali  and  a.i.  awad  conducted  a  study  using  octave  allegro,  an  operationally  critical  threat,  asset,  and  vulnerability  evaluation  octave  methodology  to  evaluate  the  security  risks  of  a  smart  home.  this  research  identifies  the
__label__situationalsurveillance security  vulnerabilities  in  smart  home  iot  devices  and  suggests  ways  to  reduce  those  identified  risks  .  c.  liu  et  al.  proposed  a  dynamic  risk  assessment  method  for  iot  using  an  artificial  immune  system  to  dynamically  evaluate  the  risk  of  iot  devices  and  accordingly  determine  the  situation.  this  method  consists  of  attack  detection  agent  and  a  dynamic  risk  assessment  subsystem.  through  this  method,  this  research  deduced  the  immune  principle  and  mechanism  for  risk  in  iot  environment  as  a  set  theory  of  mathematics  .  s.  sicari  et  al.  proposed  a  methodology  for  the  implementation  of  endtoend  systems  to  generalpurpose  methodologies  to  asses
__label__situationalsurveillance risks  to  determine  the  stability  and  robustness  of  malicious  attacks  on  the  components  of  the  iot  platform.  the  proposed  approach  assessed  risk  by  objectively  considering  the  static  and  dynamic  features  and  components  of  the  iot  system  in  accordance  with  the  life  cycle  of  data  .  p.k.  chhouhan  et  al.  proposed  a  situational  assessment  approach  to  identify  security  risks  in  iot  devices.  this  research  presented  the  basic  elements  of  the  iot  model  and  conducted  a  situational  assessment  of  iot  applications.  as  a  result,  this  research  have  addressed  the  need  for  increased  security  for  local,  transport,  and  data  stores  as  a  countermeasure
__label__situationalsurveillance against  the  risks  .  v.l.  shivraj  et  al.  proposed  a  modelbased  risk  assessment  framework  based  on  graph  theory  to  solve  the  complexity  of  iot  technologies  such  as  communication  protocols,  devices,  and  environments.  this  research  conducted  a  risk  assessment  using  attack  propagation  through  the  bipartite  graph  technique  .  a.w.  atamli  and  a.  martin  conducted  an  assessment  of  the  threat  model  based  on  use  cases  related  to  iot.  this  model  classifies  threat  agents  and  attack  vectors  for  power  management,  smart  car,  and  smart  heathcare  system,  and  measures  the  impact  of  risk  on  them.  these  findings  can  contribute  to  identifying  security  requirements  to
__label__situationalsurveillance protect  each  system  and  ensuring  the  privacy  of  users  .  t.  wu  and  g.  zhao  proposed  a  risk  assessment  model  that  derives  the  weights  of  the  probabilistic  causal  relationships  of  the  evaluation  factors  and  the  influence  relationships  of  the  propagation  path  in  order  to  solve  the  personal  information  security  problem  of  iot  application.  this  model  uses  the  decisionmaking  trial  and  evaluation  laboratory  according  to  the  bayesian  network  structure  to  easily  identify  the  relevant  risk  propagation  path  and  calculate  the  weight  of  each  path.  through  this  research,  this  research  has  determined  the  risk  level  of  assets  and  each  risk  propagation  path
__label__situationalsurveillance and  contributed  to  the  rationale  for  decision  making  on  privacy  security  risk  assessment  .  j.r.c.  nurse  et  al.  noted  the  need  for  a  model  that  considers  the  dynamics  and  originality  of  iot  based  on  existing  risk  assessment  models.  the  researchers  proposed  a  risk  assessment  model  with  the  view  that  the  risk  of  cyberspace  can  be  projected  into  the  real  world  through  a  combination  of  current  high  levels  of  connectivity  or  digital,  cyberphysical,  and  social  systems  .  r.  heartfield  et  al.  classifies  applicable  cyber  threats  for  smart  home  according  to  taxonomy  and  measures  not  only  the  attack  vector,  but  also  the
__label__situationalsurveillance potential  impact  of  the  system  on  the  user.  this  research  classifies  the  twenty  five  smart  home  attacks  using  the  proposed  method  and  draws  the  results  of  the  legitimate  but  vulnerable  smart  home  configuration  that  can  lead  to  the  second  attack  path  .  k.  ghirardello  et  al.  presented  a  smart  home  reference  architecture  for  security  analysis.  this  model  identifies  the  various  functions  and  components  of  iot  devices  and  networks  installed  in  a  smart  home  from  three  viewpoints:  functional,  physical,  and  communication.  this  research  proposed  a  method  to  utilize  the  architecture  by  applying  the  attack  surface  to  the  home  automation  environment  to
__label__situationalsurveillance determine  the  major  vulnerabilities  .  m.  vitunskaite  et  al.  evaluated  smart  cities  and  cybersecurity  measures  to  address  the  limitations  of  security  requirements  for  environments  with  iot  technology.  this  research  proposed  a  security  recommendation  framework  by  comparing  management  models,  security  measures,  and  technical  standards  for  smart  cities  in  barcelona,  singapore,  and  london  .  i.  butun  et  al.  conducted  vulnerability  identification  and  risk  assessment  related  to  a  lowpower  widearea  network  lpwan  to  implement  iotbased  applications.  this  research  analyzed  the  comprehensive  security  risks  of  the  protocol  and  suggested  a  countermeasure  to  reduce  these  risks.  in  particular,  the  researchers  identified  important  real  threats  such
__label__situationalsurveillance as  enddevice  physical  capture,  rogue  gateways,  and  selfreplay  .  these  researches,  unlike  existing  security  risk  assessment,  attempted  to  solve  the  complexity  of  iot  technology.  however,  there  is  a  limit  to  determine  a  risk  assessment  method  that  can  judge  a  comprehensive  threat  situation  as  the  decisionmaker  or  manager.  to  solve  this  problem,  this  study  utilizes  sa,  which  is  a  core  concept  of  the  command  and  control  system  of  the  military  sector.  iot  enabled  devices  provide  services  to  users  based  on  the  data  collected  through  various  sensors.  for  example,  data  collected  from  iot  devices  in  a  smart  home  is  personal  information  such
__label__situationalsurveillance as  a  users  life  pattern,  eating  habits,  and  health,  among  others.  however,  data  leak  due  to  the  vulnerabilities  in  iot  devices  can  lead  to  privacy  information  leak,  resulting  in  incidental  damage.  the  concept  of  sa  is  essential  for  considering  incidental  damage.  sa  refers  to  the  process  of  collecting,  understanding,  and  projecting  various  environmental  factors  and  data  related  to  time  and  space  when  a  specific  event  occurs,  and  projecting  it  to  future  situations.  in  general,  sa  aims  at  understanding  the  operating  environment  and  status  of  related  organizations  to  support  optimized  decisionmaking  in  complex  and  dynamic  environments.  typically,  a  sa  model  is
__label__situationalsurveillance used  in  air  traffic  control,  power  plant  operation,  emergency  medical  services,  militarys  command  and  control  systems,  among  others  .  sa  models  are  proposed  and  developed  based  on  endsleys  model  proposed  by  m.  endsley.  it  consists  of  perception  level  1  ,  comprehension  level  2  ,  and  projection  level  3  to  determine  the  situation.  perception  level  1  is  the  level  that  recognizes  the  status  and  attributes  of  the  related  element  in  the  environment  where  the  event  occurs.  this  level  recognizes  the  status,  attributes,  and  dynamics  of  related  elements  in  a  given  environment.  comprehension  level  2  is  a  level  that  synthesizes  the  separated
__label__situationalsurveillance perceptual  elements  through  the  analysis  and  evaluation  process  based  on  the  data  collected  in  level  1  .  level  2  helps  to  understand  the  impact  on  the  users  goals  to  have  a  comprehensive  understanding  of  the  environment.  projection  level  3  is  a  level  that  predicts  the  effect  of  analyzing  the  information  obtained  in  level  2  on  the  state  of  future  operating  environment.  this  level  can  project  an  elements  future  action  in  the  current  environment.  this  model  is  designed  to  prioritize  the  recognition  of  the  state  of  system  and  user  elements.  the  system  element  is  intended  to  recognize  the  current  state  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  asset  and  enhance  the  effectiveness  of  decisionmaking  by  making  future  projections.  however,  the  user  factor  influences  final  decisionmaking  by  individual  ability  and  experience;  thus,  a  quantitative  measure  of  risk  is  required  .  sa  based  on  endsleys  model  is  being  developed  to  suit  the  characteristics  and  purpose  of  cyberspace.  cyber  sa  considers  the  sociotechnical  system  of  systems  stsos,  which  focuses  on  scalability  based  on  the  concept  of  a  cyberspace  layer.  stsos  refers  to  complex  systems  with  connection  threads  and  information  fabrics  that  enable  and  shape  modern  societies,  cultures,  economies,  technologies,  and  industries.  thus,  to  achieve  cyber  sa,  the  lowlevel  details
__label__situationalsurveillance should  be  summarized  and  reflected  in  the  organizations  mission  or  business  perspective.  comprehensive  cyber  sa  consists  of  computing  and  network  components,  threat  intelligence,  and  mission  awareness.  operating  environment  awareness  aims  to  organize  and  manage  defined  assets.  adversary  awareness  identifies  and  tracks  suspicious  actions  and  integrates  knowledge  of  external  and  internal  threats.  mission/business  awareness  aims  to  understand  the  dependencies  between  elements  to  identify  the  threats  and  the  impact  of  their  assets  on  their  mission  see  .  the  sa  model  is  being  developed  based  on  endsleys  model.  cyber  sa  consists  of  operating  environment  awareness  ,  adversary  awareness  ,  and  mission/business  awareness  ,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  each  component  are  combined  with  endsleys  model  levels.  based  on  this  comprehensive  concept,  cyber  sa  is  being  studied  and  developed  as  a  suitable  model  for  data  analysis.  j.  okolica  et  al.  proposed  an  automated  cyber  sa  model  csam  that  realtime  updates  the  system  environment  to  reflect  the  business  continuity  planning  .  g.p.  tadda  and  j.s.  salerno  proposed  a  sa  reference  model  sarm  applying  a  data  fusion  model  dfm  to  estimate  and  evaluate  the  environment  under  observation  based  on  the  collected  data.  this  sarm  utilizes  data  analysis  and  has  the  advantage  of  being  able  to  respond  to  threats  in  real
__label__situationalsurveillance time  .  n.  evancich  et  al.  proposed  effective  cyber  sa  ecsa  focusing  on  network  threats.  ecsa  is  composed  of  network  awareness  ,  threat  awareness  ,  and  operational  awareness  to  comply  with  the  comprehensive  concept  of  cyber  sa.  network  awareness  is  the  step  of  collecting  data  by  recognizing  the  ownership,  security  characteristics,  vulnerabilities,  etc.  of  the  network  that  you  have.  threat  awareness  is  intended  to  detect  attack  vectors  that  can  be  a  threat  to  your  network  assets.  operational  awareness  is  a  measure  of  the  impact  that  an  attack  can  have  on  operational  capability  .  j.  webb  et  al.  proposed  a  situationaware
__label__situationalsurveillance isrm  saisrm  model  to  supplement  erroneous  decisions  and  inappropriate  security  strategies  in  the  information  security  risk  management  isrm  process.  this  model  has  resulted  in  an  enterprisewide  collection,  analysis,  and  reporting  of  riskrelated  information  that  can  resolve  existing  risk  assessment  flaws  in  cyberspace  .  this  sa  is  also  applied  to  the  iot  environment.  f.g.  toro  a.  tsourdos  proposed  an  augmented  reality  ar  tool  for  the  sa  of  unmanned  aerial  vehicle  uav  in  an  iot  environment.  this  research  utilized  the  sa  on  the  ground  control  system  gcs  used  by  pilots  on  traditional  aerial  platforms  while  converging  information  on  video  streams,  mission  plans,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  information  from  other  sensors  .  p.  vanveerdeghem  et  al.  proposed  a  sa  model  for  wearable  wireless  body  sensor  networks.  this  research  implemented  a  decision  support  system  by  applying  sa  to  the  comprehensive  representation  of  sensor  data  collected  from  the  body  .  e.g.  zimbelman  et  al.  proposed  a  sa  system  that  utilized  the  global  navigation  satellite  system  gnss  to  define  a  secure  working  area  for  logging.  this  study  measured  the  effects  of  gait  speed,  transmission  interval,  geofence  radius,  and  crossing  angle  information  on  the  work  environment  for  sa  .  in  the  case  of  iot  devices,  because  the  users  information  is
__label__situationalsurveillance collected  through  various  sensors,  it  is  possible  to  deduce  the  personal  information  of  the  user  even  if  the  collected  data  is  captured.  this  paper  analyzes  the  threats  that  may  arise  through  various  sensors  included  in  iot  devices  and  measures  the  damage  caused  by  the  leakage  of  personal  information  that  may  occur  through  this.  the  next  section  elaborates  the  risk  measurement  method  for  sa.  most  risk  analysis  models  use  a  qualitative  method  to  measure  the  risk.  however,  it  is  not  considered  accurate  owing  to  the  disadvantage  that  these  qualitative  methods  affect  the  degree  of  education,  awareness,  and  experience  of  decisionmakers.  this
__label__situationalsurveillance section  proposes  a  risk  measurement  method  that  combines  clustering  and  optimization  methods  to  minimize  these  qualitative  judgments  for  risk.  in  addition,  this  study  constructed  a  component  of  cyber  sa  in  support  of  decisionmaking.  the  proposed  system  proposes  iot  environment  awareness  level  1  to  identify  threats  and  assets  of  iot  devices,  risk  awareness  level  2  to  measure  risks  using  the  fair  model,  and  decision  awareness  level  3  that  optimizes  risk  for  decision  support.  this  method  adds  the  identification  of  iot  threat  and  loss  of  assets  to  our  proposed  threat  measurement  method  see  ,  .  to  make  decisions  about  threat  of  mobile
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  sensors,  sa  proposed  in  this  paper  is  composed  of  three  levels:  iot  environment  awareness  level  1  ,  risk  awareness  level  2  ,  and  decision  awareness  level  3  .  most  scope  of  assets  present  a  range  of  information  security  management  systems  to  meet  the  requirements  of  clause  5  of  iso  27001.  this  scope  shall  include  interface  management  in  accordance  with  the  requirements.  when  setting  the  scope  of  an  asset  from  the  perspective  of  the  information  security  management  system  isms,  it  is  important  to  identify  the  critical  asset  that  can  be  exposed  to  the  threat  .  identification  of  these  assets  is
__label__situationalsurveillance a  starting  point  in  the  identification  of  vulnerabilities  and  threats  in  scenarios  used  to  analyze  risk.  this  level  set  the  sensors  used  for  iot  equipment  to  the  range  of  assets.  sensors  are  responsible  for  collecting  data  from  objects.  unfortunately,  if  the  software  installed  on  the  iot  device  is  infected  with  malware  such  as  spyware,  or  if  the  user  is  exposed  to  unsecured  wifi,  the  iot  devices  id  and  password  are  exposed,  the  user  can  provide  the  attacker  with  a  negative  opportunity  to  access  privacy  data.  the  types  of  sensors  installed  in  iot  devices  are  classified  into  motion  sensors,  environmental  sensors,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  position  sensors.  according  to  the  research  by  a.k.  sikder  et  al.,  information  leakage  in  iot  equipment  is  likely  to  be  caused  by  light,  motion,  magnetic,  acoustic,  gps,  and  camera  sensors.  the  collected  sensor  data  can  expose  passwords,  life  patterns,  and  personal  location  information  see  .  mobile  device  sensors  can  be  classified  into  motion  sensors,  environmental  sensors,  and  position  sensors.  information  leakage  is  possible  by  integrating  data  from  these  sensors  .  the  attacker  can  deduce  the  propensity  and  privacy  of  the  user  through  the  collected  data  and  leak  personal  information.  these  threats  include  keystroke  inference  attack,  task  inference  attack,  location
__label__situationalsurveillance inference  attack,  and  eavesdropping.  :  keystroke  inference  is  a  common  threat  that  can  occur  in  iot  equipment.  most  commercially  available  iot  devices  comprise  input  devices  such  as  touch  screens,  touch  pads,  and  keyboards.  when  the  user  enters  an  id,  password,  or  word  into  the  device,  the  device  tilts  and  rotates  to  create  a  deviation  of  the  data  in  the  sensor  e.g.,  accelerometer,  gyroscope,  audio,  light  sensor,  etc.  for  each  instance.  an  attacker  can  use  this  deviation  of  sensor  data  to  infer  a  keystroke.  keystroke  inference  attacks  can  be  made  on  iot  devices  but  they  can  also  affect  nearby  devices.  for
__label__situationalsurveillance example,  putting  the  smartphone  on  a  desk  with  a  keyboard.  :  task  inference  is  a  type  of  attack  that  infers  information  about  an  ongoing  task  or  application  on  an  iot  device.  an  attacker  exploiting  this  inference  attack  can  bypass  the  security  policy  implemented  on  the  device  and  replicate  the  device  state.  the  installed  sensor  in  iot  device  records  the  deviation  of  data  values  for  various  tasks  being  performed  on  the  device.  an  attacker  can  use  these  values  to  infer  execution  processes  and  applications  within  the  appliance.  :  the  location  inference  is  a  locationprivacy  attack  based  on  an  acoustic  sidechannel.  this
__label__situationalsurveillance inference  attack  utilizes  acoustic  information  propagated  in  the  nearest  environment  or  space.  this  attack  utilizes  the  acoustic  reflection  pattern  of  the  voice  at  the  users  location  and  does  not  depend  on  the  characteristic  background  noise.  if  the  attacker  can  control  iot  devices,  they  can  identify  personal  information  such  as  the  users  home  or  work  location  .  :  iot  devices  such  as  ai  speakers  use  an  audio  sensor  for  dialing  and  receiving  voice  commands  and  other  features.  when  a  malicious  application  is  installed  on  such  iot  devices,  it  is  possible  to  eavesdrop  to  record  and  extract  the  content  and  information  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  conversation  through  such  an  audio  sensor.  typical  attacks  that  implement  eavesdropping  are  soundcomber  and  voice  assistant  applications.  in  this  case,  a  malicious  application  uses  an  iot  device  sensor  to  secretly  record  the  users  conversation  .  users  are  vulnerable  to  attack  because  the  recording  application  runs  in  the  background  of  the  device.  for  example,  when  talking  to  a  financial  company  such  as  a  bank  or  a  credit  card  company,  a  person  may  be  exposed  to  threats  if  they  reveal  their  personal  information  such  as  credit  card  or  social  security  number.  a  malware  that  uses  a  voice  assistant  application  can  be
__label__situationalsurveillance used  for  a  variety  of  malicious  activities  such  as  voice  command  duplication  and  information  transmission.  it  can  be  controlled  through  sms  and  wifi  external  control  channel  .  modern  it  security  focuses  on  measuring  the  risk  to  find  a  balance  between  opportunity  realization  and  minimizing  potential  losses.  from  this  perspective,  risk  awareness  level2  is  the  process  of  quantifying  risk.  the  general  formula  used  to  measure  risk  is  .  however,  this  formula  is  a  complete  mathematical  formula,  instead  of  a  model  that  demonstrates  the  concept  of  risk.  to  establish  a  complete  mathematical  formula,  there  should  be  a  common  and  neutral  measure  of
__label__situationalsurveillance threats,  vulnerabilities,  and  impact.  however,  they  do  not  exist.  this  formula  can  be  used  conceptually  because  a  relative  portion  of  risk  measurement  depends  on  the  nature  of  asset  and  the  attacker.  is  generally  used  as  the  likelihood  value  and  can  be  matched  with  the  lef  factors  of  the  fair  model.  the  threat  is  associated  with  the  tef  factor  of  fair,  including  the  attackers  skill  level,  motivation,  opportunity  the  attacker  possesses  the  necessary  knowledge  and  access  rights,  and  the  attackers  capabilities.  vulnerability  is  a  variable  that  includes  information  on  ease  of  discovery,  ease  of  exploitation,  awareness  known  vulnerability,  detection,  and  response,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  is  linked  to  a  vul  factor  including  fairs  tcap  and  cs  .  impact  represents  the  damage  to  an  asset  due  to  a  threat.  these  variables  include  the  technical  impact  of  data  confidentiality,  integrity,  availability,  and  accountability,  as  well  as  business  impacts  such  as  financial  and  legal  damages.  it  is  linked  to  the  lm,  which  represents  the  loss  of  assets  in  the  fair  see  equation  .  existing  risk  results  are  generalized  from  very  high  to  very  low.  however,  because  the  correspondence  varies  according  to  the  criteria  of  the  grade,  an  error  may  occur  in  qualitative  judgment  according  to  the  decisionmaker.
__label__situationalsurveillance to  overcome  these  limitations,  the  risk  awareness  level  proposes  a  method  to  determine  the  criteria  of  the  grade  through  clustering  instead  of  classifying  the  measured  risk  value  according  to  the  specified  grade  criterion.  the  grade  is  determined  by  the  risk  value  because  assets,  threats,  etc.  are  relative  to  the  structure  or  environment  of  the  organization.  assuming  that  there  are  number  of  n  sets  of  risk  values  ,  the  risk  grade  divides  into  number  of  k  grades  that  maximize  the  density  between  the  risk  values.  in  this  case,  if  the  set  of  risks  belonging  to  the  risk  grade  is  ,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance is  the  mean  of  ,  the  variance  of  risk  can  be  expressed  as  equation  .  to  find  that  minimizes  ,  risk  grade  setting  and  risk  grade  rebalancing  steps  are  iteratively  calculated  until  they  converge  see  equations  3  and  4  .  :  the  euclidean  distance  of  for  each  risk  grade  is  calculated  from  each  risk  value  and  the  risk  is  assigned  by  finding  the  risk  grade  closest  to  the  risk  value.  :  is  reset  to  the  mean  value  of  the  risk  values  assigned  to  each  risk  grade.  although  clustering  the  measured  risk  and  setting  the  grading  criterion  is  not  optimal,  it
__label__situationalsurveillance may  result  in  a  critical  point  that  should  be  qualitatively  judged.  the  decision  awareness  level  optimizes  the  assumption  that  the  clustered  risk  grade  is  combined  into  k  gaussian  distributions  to  compensate  for  these  limitations.  this  optimization  method  is  called  mixture  model.  it  is  a  method  to  statistically  deduce  the  characteristics  of  the  subgroups  combined  into  k  gaussian  distributions,  implying  that  k  risk  grades  set  at  risk  awareness  level  are  set  to  k  gaussian  distributions  at  decision  awareness  level.  the  risk  grade  is  expressed  as  at  this  level.  using  the  mixture  model,  is  set  to  be  included  in  the  risk  grade
__label__situationalsurveillance clusters  consisting  of  k  gaussian  distributions  and  expressed  as  .  is  a  binary  variable  that  represents  a  value  of  1  if  the  belongs  to  the  k  th  gaussian  distribution,  and  0  otherwise.  to  optimize  the  risk  grade,  when  given  ,  a  gaussian  distribution  that  maximizes  should  be  chosen.  if  the  parameter  of  the  k  th  gaussian  distribution  for  the  risk  grade  is  ,  ,  ,  can  be  expressed  through  bayes  theorem  see  equation  .  in  this  case,  means  that  and  is  selected  for  the  k  th  risk  grade.  in  general,  a  mixture  model  uses  an  expectationmaximization  em  algorithm  for  parameter
__label__situationalsurveillance estimation.  to  use  the  em  algorithm,  equation  is  converted  to  a  log  likelihood  function  to  calculate  a  value  that  optimizes  the  risk  grade.  the  maximization  method  utilizes  an  alternative  update  that  partially  differentiates  each  ,  ,  and  see  equations  68  ,  .  this  section  measures  the  security  risks  that  can  occur  in  a  smart  home  using  the  fair  method.  using  the  fair  method  for  risk  measurement  is  not  a  new  approach,  but  it  contributes  in  terms  of  classifying  the  scope  of  risk  by  considering  the  environment  for  each  scenario  in  the  method  of  measurement.  the  results  of  this  study  measure
__label__situationalsurveillance the  risk  of  possible  scenarios  based  on  security  threats  and  assets  that  can  be  identified  in  the  iot  based  smart  home  environment.  in  addition,  as  iot  technology  becomes  more  userfriendly,  it  also  considers  secondary  damage  due  to  information  leakage.  this  study  assumes  that  an  attacker  has  the  intention  of  taking  data  collected  from  sensors  of  iot  devices  using  malicious  applications.  this  malicious  application  is  divided  into  two  types.  the  first  is  a  type  that  replaces  frequently  used  apps  with  a  real  app  and  second  is  a  type  that  operates  in  the  background  of  a  device  to  steal  internal  data.  when
__label__situationalsurveillance this  malicious  application  is  installed  in  iot  devices,  it  gets  access  to  various  sensors.  this  enables  the  unauthorised  collection  of  information  and  monitoring  of  privacy.  in  order  to  utilize  the  risk  assessment  approach,  it  is  necessary  to  set  a  range  of  information  assets  and  to  profile  them.  in  this  profiling  process,  the  security  requirements  of  the  asset  are  identified.  this  determines  where  all  the  assets  are  stored,  transported  and  processed.  a  user  or  system  in  a  smart  home  identifies  vulnerable  points  that  can  compromise  security  requirements  for  confidentiality,  integrity,  and  availability,  depending  on  how  the  asset  is  accessed.  these  identified
__label__situationalsurveillance information  assets  make  it  possible  to  identify  security  threats.  the  security  vulnerabilities  or  the  patches  of  concern  are  created  as  scenarios  in  connection  with  the  threat  attributes.  this  can  identify  specific  threats  that  could  have  a  negative  impact  on  assets.  this  paper  can  use  this  scenario  generation  procedure  to  understand  the  impact  of  the  smart  home  system  and  identify  cyber  and  physical  security  risks  in  terms  of  information  assets.  in  this  study,  the  range  of  information  assets  at  risk  of  possible  outflows  in  the  smart  home  was  referenced  by  b.  ali  and  a.  awad  .  the  attacker  imitates  the  attack
__label__situationalsurveillance as  a  user  with  legitimate  rights.  in  order  for  the  attacker  to  achieve  the  goal,  the  credentials  of  the  smart  home  user  are  required.  to  do  this,  the  user  id  and  password  must  be  acquired.  access  to  credentials  can  be  performed  using  social  engineering  techniques  or  by  intercepting  generic  data  collected  through  iot  sensors.  since  the  general  data  utilizes  motion  sensors  and  audio  sensors,  the  collected  data  itself  can  be  a  weak  point  because  it  allows  direct  analysis  of  the  data  scenario  1  .  by  injecting  malicious  code  into  the  mobile  application  connected  to  the  iot  system,  an  attacker  can
__label__situationalsurveillance provide  an  opportunity  to  perform  harmful  operations.  the  malicious  code  insertion  threat  can  cause  damage  due  to  leakage  of  general  data  through  gps  sensors,  motion  sensors,  audio  sensors,  and  camera  sensors  mounted  on  a  mobile  device.  in  particular,  such  a  threat  could  be  utilized  as  an  attack  path  for  acquiring  a  users  credentials  scenario  2  ,  .  environmental  sensors  installed  in  the  iot  device  have  the  purpose  of  detecting  a  physical  threat  such  as  an  abnormality  in  the  home  and  warning  the  user  of  the  danger.  an  attacker  can  steal  information  gathered  from  installed  sensors  by  releasing  the  malicious  code
__label__situationalsurveillance used  in  scenario  2  to  the  devices.  this  behavior  can  be  used  as  an  unauthorised  surveillance  tool  to  determine  where  the  user  is  located  in  the  home  scenario  3  .  through  scenario  1  ,  an  attacker  can  access  the  inventory  information  embedded  in  the  iot  device  and  search  for  a  specific  device  with  a  known  vulnerability.  through  this  process,  the  attacker  can  not  only  identify  the  internal  structure  of  the  smart  home  but  also  can  be  used  as  a  path  to  provide  an  attack  on  scenario  3  scenario  4  .  in  particular,  smart  tvs  that  have  been  sold  recently  have
__label__situationalsurveillance builtin  camera  sensors.  also,  privacy  information  leaked  through  the  ip  camera.  if  an  attacker  can  identify  iot  devices  known  as  vulnerabilities  scenario  4  ,  an  attacker  can  control  camera  sensors  to  monitor  and  spy  on  smart  home  users  scenario  5  ,  .  when  an  attacker  accesses  location  data  for  a  mobile  device  or  a  gpsenabled  device  scenario  1,  2  ,  it  can  conclude  whether  a  smart  home  resident  is  present  at  home.  this  can  lead  to  financial  losses  such  as  home  robbery  scenario  6  see  .  threats  and  attack  methods  that  can  occur  according  to  information  assets  that  create  variousscenarios.
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  devices  that  are  the  basis  of  smart  homes  recognize  human  actions  by  mounting  sensors.  sensors  that  recognize  human  actions  are  classified  into  motion  sensors,  environmental  sensors,  and  position  sensors.  the  data  from  these  sensors  occurs  when  an  attacker  unauthorisedly  gains  root  privileges.  the  associated  vulnerability  is  defined  as  a  common  weakness  enumeration  cwe  264.  cwe  264  is  defined  as  weaknesses  in  this  category  related  to  the  management  of  permissions,  privileges,  and  other  security  features  that  are  used  to  perform  access  control  .  when  an  attacker  gains  permission  or  access  to  iot  devices,  various  sensor  data  stored  in  the  device
__label__situationalsurveillance can  be  collected  and  analyzed  to  make  inference  about  personal  information.  there  are  four  attack  methods  such  as  keystroke  inference,  task  inference,  location  inference,  and  eavesdropping.  threats  to  information  assets  in  smart  homes  are  linked  to  various  losses.  in  particular,  leakage  of  personal  information  through  data  breach  can  lead  to  economic  losses.  according  to  strategy  analytics,  the  market  outlook  for  smart  homes  is  expected  to  reach  a  market  value  of  111.5  billion  by  2019,  compared  with  57.5  billion  in  2015.  in  staitista,  smart  homes  are  expected  to  increase  five  times  in  2020  compared  to  2015  in  the  united  states.  however,
__label__situationalsurveillance contrary  to  this,  security  policy  and  legal  regulations  are  insufficient.  in  this  situation,  when  information  is  leaked  by  a  smart  home,  the  criticism  can  lead  to  national  policy,  which  can  lead  to  social  confusion  see  .  sensors  in  iot  devices  installed  in  smart  homes  can  be  used  as  information  leakage  path.  applying  a  qualitative  risk  measurement  model  could  lead  to  uncertain  decisions  in  the  process  of  sa.  however,  due  to  the  nature  of  iot  equipment,  attacks  occur  in  various  layers  and  decisionmakers  must  consider  the  damage  that  extends  from  cyberspace  to  the  real  world.  to  address  this,  sophisticated  risk  measures
__label__situationalsurveillance that  reflect  the  capacity  and  likelihood  of  threats,  and  the  major  and  minor  losses  of  assets  are  required.  threats  are  measured  by  likelihood,  capacity,  and  vulnerability.  in  this  regard,  fairs  lef  is  a  set  of  factors  that  can  make  sophisticated  measurements  of  threats.  these  lefs  are  measured  by  the  combination  of  frequency  of  occurrence  of  threats  tef  and  vulnerabilities  vul  available  to  the  threat  agent.  threat  event  frequency  tef  :  tef  is  measured  by  a  combination  of  contact  and  action  .  contact  is  the  frequency  with  which  the  threat  agent  tries  to  access  the  asset  to  be  attacked  and  action
__label__situationalsurveillance is  the  possibility  that  the  threat  agent  performs  an  attack  against  the  attacked  object.  this  study  assumes  that  the  contact  has  occurred  because  it  uses  the  attack  method  to  deduce  the  personal  information  by  collecting  data  about  the  sensors  included  in  the  device.  in  other  words,  because  there  is  a  limit  to  obtain  permission  for  various  iot  devices,  this  study  reflected  the  average  of  the  accuracy  of  other  studies  when  the  inference  attack  was  successful  see  .  the  threat  to  scenario  1  is  the  keystroke  inference  and  eavesdropping  that  can  occur  with  motion  sensors  accelerometer,  gravity,  gyroscope,  and  audio  sensors.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  threat  of  scenario  2  is  location  inference  and  eavesdropping,  so  gps  sensor,  motion  sensors,  it  is  based  on  the  probability  of  inference.  scenario  3  occurs  at  the  location  reference,  which  is  exposed  to  threats  through  environmental  sensors  and  magnetic  sensors.  scenario  4  is  a  threat  to  understanding  the  structure  of  a  home,  so  eavesdropping  and  task  inference  attacks  are  used.  this  can  be  represented  by  a  combination  of  the  accuracy  of  the  information  inference  of  camera  sensors,  light  sensors,  and  audio  sensors.  since  scenario  5  is  an  unauthorised  surveillance  threat,  threats  can  be  quantified  by  the  probability  of  inference
__label__situationalsurveillance through  camera  sensors.  scenario  6  is  the  combination  of  the  inference  probabilities  of  the  position  sensors  with  the  threat  of  confirming  whether  the  residents  home  location  is  located  by  location  inference  and  task  inference.  this  study  sets  tef  index  as  attack  potential  when  an  inference  attack  is  performed  through  data  collected  by  various  sensors  attached  to  iot  equipment.  tef  vulnerabilities  vul  :  vul  is  measured  as  a  combination  of  threat  capability  tcap  and  control  strength  cs  ,  which  indicates  difficulty  in  successful  attacks.  given  the  collection  of  sensor  data  and  information  leakage,  it  should  reflect  the  vulnerability  defined  as  cwe
__label__situationalsurveillance 264  implying  gain  privilege  .  therefore,  this  study  utilized  the  common  vulnerability  scoring  system  cvss  because  it  can  generalize  scores  for  vulnerabilities  across  software  and  hardware  platforms  and  enable  uniform  vulnerability  management  policies.  in  addition,  the  cvss  score  can  be  represented  by  the  tcap  of  the  fair  because  the  attack  vector,  confidentiality  impact,  integrity  impact,  availability  impact,  exploit  code  maturity,  and  remediation  level  are  considered  in  the  process  of  calculating  the  lower  equation.  because  cs  is  a  factor  indicating  the  difficulty  of  attack,  it  is  set  to  the  price  of  the  exploit  traded  in  zerodium.  the  reason  for  selecting  cs
__label__situationalsurveillance for  this  price  is  that  the  higher  the  price  of  the  exploit,  the  more  difficult  it  is  to  find  and  use  the  vulnerability.  in  this  study,  cs  was  set  as  an  index  from  0  to  10  using  the  prices  for  exploits  that  can  collect  sensor  data  among  transaction  items  see  .  the  vulnerabilities  for  each  scenario  are  equally  reflected  by  the  combination  of  the  cvss  score  defined  as  cwe  264  and  the  exploit  indicators  traded  at  zerodium.  the  reason  for  this  is  that  we  have  exploited  the  vulnerability  of  privilege  taking  over  iot  devices  in  terms  of  the  probability  distribution.
__label__situationalsurveillance during  zerodiums  vulnerabilities  trade,  this  study  generated  price  index  based  on  remote  code  execution  rce  and  local  privilege  escalation  lpe  vulnerabilities  associated  with  permissions.  control  strength  cs  loss  magnitude  lm  is  a  factor  that  measures  the  damage  by  an  attack  on  the  asset.  this  factor  consists  of  primary  loss  pl  and  secondary  loss  sl  .  pl  is  a  factor  that  measures  the  direct  damage  caused  by  a  threat  agent  and  represents  the  economic  damage  suffered  by  an  organization  that  owns  the  asset.  this  direct  economic  damage  is  related  to  productivity,  restoration,  and  economic  cost  of  information  leakage.  sl  is  secondary
__label__situationalsurveillance damage  that  can  be  caused  by  a  threat  agent.  most  of  the  measures  of  secondary  damage  include  additional  economic  damage  due  to  legal  liability  or  negative  image  formation  on  public  opinion.  primary  loss  pl  :  this  paper  assumes  the  leakage  of  sensor  data  collected  from  iot  devices  in  a  smart  home.  in  this  case,  the  threat  competence  constituting  the  plef  is  the  number  of  leaked  data,  and  plm  is  a  combination  of  criticality,  cost,  and  sensitivity,  which  is  a  direct  economic  loss  caused  by  the  threat.  this  pl  data  is  equal  to  the  risk  level  measured  in  the  breach  level
__label__situationalsurveillance index.  this  study  collected  the  data  of  other,  which  represents  the  outflow  of  general  information  in  the  data  breach,  and  used  it  as  an  indicator  of  pl.  from  2016  to  2018,  we  used  risk  data  for  information  leakage  from  three  countries  united  states,  united  kingdom,  australia  that  suffered  the  most  data  leakage  see  .  the  primary  loss  pl  score  is  based  on  the  breach  level  index  data  from  2016  to  2018,  and  the  score  is  expressed  as  0  to  10,  but  the  risk  for  average  data  leakage  is  decreasing.  secondary  loss  sl  :  in  most  cases  of  information  leaks,  organizations
__label__situationalsurveillance responsible  for  information  management  are  subject  to  legal  liability  or  public  criticism.  however,  this  legal  responsibility  and  the  level  of  public  criticism  are  linked  to  whether  the  policy  system  is  structured  systematically.  in  other  words,  for  information  leakage  events,  government  functionality,  civil  liberty,  and  political  participation  can  be  used  as  factors  affecting  secondary  loss.  since  slef  considers  timing,  due  diligence,  response,  and  detection,  it  relates  to  the  government  functionalities  corresponding  to  information  leakage.  with  the  case  of  slm  ,  it  is  associated  with  civil  liberty  and  political  participation  in  terms  of  including  changes  to  the  legal  and  regulatory  landscape,  competitive
__label__situationalsurveillance landscape,  media,  and  external  stakeholder.  slm  was  used  as  a  civil  liberty  and  political  participation  because  it  could  suppress  social  confusion  such  as  political  participation  or  criticism  of  public  opinion  and  public  opinion.  this  study  used  government  functionality,  civil  liberty  and  political  participation  among  the  national  democracy  indexes  published  in  the  economist  in  setting  sl  see  .  the  secondary  loss  sl  score  is  the  average  of  government  functionality,  civil  liberties,  and  political  participation.  secondary  loss  sl  the  tef  generates  and  sets  the  gaussian  distribution  based  on  the  probability  of  information  that  can  be  inferred  through  the  sensor.  this  indicates  that
__label__situationalsurveillance the  tef  of  user  credentials,  which  is  an  attackable  scenario  of  the  information  asset,  is  generated  by  combining  the  probabilities  of  the  threats  of  the  corresponding  threats.  in  addition,  we  combined  other  factors  of  fair  to  derive  the  risk  of  information  leakage  scenario  through  sensors.  however,  there  is  a  relative  aspect  and  a  qualitative  aspect  of  the  classification  of  the  risk  of  measuring  the  risk.  to  overcome  this,  the  study  clustered  the  risk  grades  from  0  to  10  into  five  ranges  very  low,  low,  moderate,  high,  very  high  .  because  this  combination  is  complex,  the  proposed  model  adds  a  process
__label__situationalsurveillance to  optimize  the  calculated  risk  see  .  clustering  and  optimization  methods  were  combined  with  risk  measurement  and  situational  model  to  provide  semantic  visualization  of  risk  grade.  risk  criteria  is  relatively  different  according  to  each  scenario  occurring  in  a  smart  home,  implying  that  even  if  the  same  five  risk  grades  very  low,  low,  moderate,  high,  very  high  are  selected,  they  can  change  depending  on  the  attack  target,  attack  methods,  and  inference  probability.  this  view  means  that  the  relativity  of  the  risk  can  be  changed  considering  the  secondary  damages  to  individuals,  society,  and  the  state.  because  the  value  of  private  property  such
__label__situationalsurveillance as  a  smart  home  differs  for  each  user,  it  is  necessary  to  consider  the  relative  criteria  of  the  situation  rather  than  the  uniform  criteria  for  the  risk  grade  see  and  .  relativity  should  be  considered  because  criteria  for  risk  grade  range  may  change  depending  on  the  scenario.  the  average  of  the  risk  grade  for  scenario  1  is  relative  to  the  policies  and  circumstances  of  each  country.  with  the  increasing  popularity  of  iot  devices,  human  living  environments  such  as  smart  homes  are  being  developed.  this  advancement  creates  a  negative  effect  wherein  users  of  iot  technology  are  vulnerable  to  attack.  especially,  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  installed  in  a  smart  home  are  equipped  with  various  sensors.  therefore,  the  possibility  of  leakage  of  personal  and  private  information  e.g.,  home  condition,  house  structure,  users  taste,  etc.  increases.  such  information  leakage  is  economically  damaging  to  individuals  and  causes  social  and  political  damage.  hillary  clintons  email  leak,  which  occurred  during  the  us  presidential  election  in  2016,  was  also  at  home,  a  private  space,  and  a  threat  to  smart  homes  is  at  the  starting  point.  therefore,  inference  attack  research  using  several  sensor  data  is  underway.  however,  these  researches  focus  on  detection  instead  of  the  measurement  of  risk.  this  study  presented
__label__situationalsurveillance an  attack  scenario  on  the  assumption  that  sensor  data  was  leaked  through  the  vulnerability  of  smart  home  iot  equipment.  this  paper  suggests  the  risk  measurement  method  and  risk  grade  classification  through  fair  and  clustering  method  based  on  the  scenario.  in  addition,  a  mixture  model  is  proposed  to  express  semantic  results  in  terms  of  sa.  if  existing  risk  measurement  methods  have  limitations  in  terms  of  utilizing  qualitative,  heuristic,  and  empirical  aspects,  this  study  enabled  quantitative  risk  measurement  considering  the  relativity  of  risk  assessment.  in  the  case  of  a  smart  home,  iot  equipment  is  configured  and  utilized  differently  for  each  user.  therefore,
__label__situationalsurveillance relativity  and  quantification  are  required  to  cope  with  the  risk.  the  proposed  method  provides  decisionmakers  with  a  semantic  perspective  on  the  threats  of  various  iot  devices  and  derives  the  quantitative  risk  of  the  damages  caused  by  them.  it  also  quantifies  the  legal  remedy  of  the  leakage  of  personal  information  of  iot  equipment  in  the  future.  from  the  perspective  of  situational  awareness,  risk  assessment  is  aimed  at  inducing  decision  makers  to  make  appropriate  decisions.  however,  existing  qualitative  risk  assessments  tend  to  update  on  risk  indicators  once  determined  because  they  are  more  reflective  of  cognitive  and  empirical  aspects  of  security  experts  than
__label__situationalsurveillance databased  ones.  because  the  proposed  model  utilizes  databased  measurement  results,  it  can  acquire  a  convergence  risk  rating  for  each  security  scenario  with  continuous  data  updates.  in  addition,  risk  indicators  can  be  set  so  that  various  decision  makers  can  adapt  to  the  resources  held  by  their  business  environment  in  that  they  can  be  grouped  into  the  range  of  risk  grades  they  want.  the  results  of  this  paper  confirm  that  the  risk  distribution  can  change  with  each  scenario,  country  and  time.  however,  actual  security  sites  are  preparing  for  threats  by  deriving  a  uniformized  risk  grade.  a  typical  example  is  the  information  operations
__label__situationalsurveillance condition  infocon  grade.  this  study  will  provide  a  basis  for  a  realtime  response  to  the  rapidly  changing  security  operating  environment  of  the  future.  it  can  also  contribute  to  periodic  risk  assessment  in  response  to  cyber  threats,  cyber  attacks  and  cyber  warfare  from  a  perspective  of  national  security.  references  this  work  was  supported  by  defense  acquisition  program  administration  and  agency  for  defense  development  under  the  contract  ud160066bd.  conceptualization,  m.p.  and  k.l.;  formal  analysis,  m.p.;  funding  acquisition,  h.o.;  methodology,  m.p.;  resources,  h.o.;  supervision,  k.l.;  visualization,  m.p.;  writingoriginal  draft,  m.p.;  writingreview  and  editing,  k.l.  this  research  was  funded  by  agency  for  defense  development
__label__situationalsurveillance ifsec  global  is  part  of  the  informa  markets  division  of  informa  plc  ifsec  global  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  ,  author  bio  multiview  streaming  in  retail  we  are  entering  an  era  where  billions  of  devices  will  be  able  to  collect  and  transmit  data  via  the  internet,  so  much  so  that  gartner  recently  forecasted  that  there  will  be  used  worldwide  in  2016.  the  hype  around  the  iot  internet  of  things  and
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  technologies  is  building  at  a  phenomenal  pace,  it  has  become  the  buzzword  of  all  buzzwords  within  the  t  media  and  the  bandwagon  is  set  to  keep  on  rolling,  with  everyone  from  car  makers  to  home  appliance  companies  hoping  to  ride  on  its  success.  despite  its  hype,smart,  connectedproducts  dorepresent  a  very  real  and  practical  step  forward  in  how  to  connect  disparate  machines  and  widely  dispersed  data.  as  companies  begin  to  understand  the  value  of  iot,  the  focus  will  increasingly  shift  towards  evaluating  iot  technology  via  the  underlying  principles  that  guide  most  businesses  today,  focusing  on  improving  productivity  and  efficiency  and
__label__situationalsurveillance generating  a  return  on  investment.  commercial  iot  solutions  in  the  enterprise  space  will  gain  traction  and  businesses  will  be  start  to  monetise  the  mass  of  data  that  iot  devices  can  provide.  as  the  evolution  of  the  physical  security  industry  has  shown  us,  consumer  and  it  technology  has  had  a  profound  effect  on  driving  innovation  and  change  with  the  security  industry,  hdtv,  h264  compression  and  power  over  ethernet  being  notable  examples.  with  this  in  mind  the  internet  of  things  is  also  set  to  have  profound  ramifications  on  the  security  and  video  surveillance  industry.  in  1996  introduced  what  many  consider  a  pioneering
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  device  long  before  the  term  existed  when  we  launched  the  security  industrys  first  network  camera.  little  did  we  know  it  would  ultimately  spawn  a  tidal  wave  far  beyond  security.  what  we  can  be  certain  of  is  that  the  concept  of  network  cameras  has  come  a  long  way  in  20  years.  yet  if  we  were  to  rank  the  top  emerging  trends  for  2016,  connected  systems  would  still  have  to  be  at  the  top.  why?  because  the  capabilities  of  ipbased  systems  are  constantly  evolving  and  suppliers  of  all  types  are  still  discovering  new  ways  to  leverage  the  power,  flexibility  and  reach
__label__situationalsurveillance of  connectivity.  as  more  ipbased  security  devices  inevitably  replace  aging  analog  systems,  we  will  see  wider  use  of  security  products  that  integrate  the  growing  wealth  of  information  generated  by  the  iot  into  not  just  information  for  security  purposes,  but  a  range  of  other  applications  and  uses.  iot  will  allow  network  cameras  to  think  independently  and  make  smart  decisions  on  their  own.  imagine  a  mesh  of  network  cameras  that  correspond  between  each  other  to  alert  the  next  camera  of  a  person  or  object  entering  shortly  from  the  left  of  a  given  scene.  iotenabled  cameras  may  also  be  able  to  cover  up
__label__situationalsurveillance for  one  of  their  peers  being  damaged  or  obstructed.  as  enthralled  as  we  are  with  the  individual  capabilities  of  iot  devices,  in  the  security  world  the  more  important  aspect  of  this  trend  is  how  all  the  components  work  together  to  solve  a  tangible  challenge.  first  of  all,  iotbased  systems  must  be  easy  to  design,  install,  maintain  and  use.  and  one  size  does  not  fit  all.  to  maximise  the  potential  of  iot,  it  requires  an  indepth  knowledge  by  suppliers  who  1  understand  how  each  feature  or  component  works  together,  2  can  design  a  solution  that  can  be  used  to  solve  specific
__label__situationalsurveillance challenges,  and  3  are  able  deliver  it  as  an  integrated  offering  whose  longterm  value  has  more  value  than  just  the  sum  of  its  parts.  this  is  especially  true  as  security  solutions  move  well  beyond  their  roots  in  cameras.  indeed,  largely  because  of  iot,  the  security  sectors  traditional  boundaries  continue  to  blur.  for  example,  network  cameras  can  be  used  for  building  information  management  bim,  business  intelligence  bi  in  retail  and  even  leaping  into  scientific  research  with  realtime  analysis  of  traffic  patterns  and  crowd  movements.  iot  will  allow  for  combined  systems  integrating  previously  disparate  devices  such  as  video  surveillance  cameras,  smoke  detectors,
__label__situationalsurveillance access  control  panels  and  loudspeakers  into  a  common  management  console  providing  a  single  pane  of  glass  overview  across  entire  buildings  and  sites.  the  result  is  a  huge  opportunity  for  security  solutions  that  are  purposebuilt  to  share  useful  data  with  other  connected  devices,  all  of  which  can  be  monitored  remotely.  this  connectivity  between  devices  will  provide  end  users  with  more  complete  situational  awareness  across  multiple  locations.  axis  communications  itself  is  branching  out  and  has  introduced  ipbased  loudspeakers  and  door  controllers,  for  example,  enabling  not  just  an  internet  of  things,  but  a  step  towards  truly  smart  buildings.  with  the  increasing  amount  of
__label__situationalsurveillance data  being  generated,  shared  over  the  network,  and,  in  many  cases,  stored  and  accessed  through  cloud  computing  models  see  below,  there  is  a  growing  need  to  focus  on  the  protection  of  all  this  data  and  assets  that  exist  virtually.  new  technologies  and  methods  for  enhancing  cyber  security  specifically  for  networked  and  cloudbased  security  systems  are  emerging.  this  is  critical  to  protect  against  vulnerabilities,  such  as  hacking,  and  will  be  an  important  aspect  of  how  physical  security  and  surveillance  solutions  are  designed  and  implemented.  cloudbased  computing  has  touched  just  about  every  industry  and  it  will  continue  to  reshape  the  security  and
__label__situationalsurveillance surveillance  sector  as  well.  security  can  now  be  offered  as  a  service  that  is  managed  remotely,  freeing  up  valuable  human  and  capital  resources  that  no  longer  need  to  be  on  site  at  every  location  that  requires  monitoring.  secure  remote  access  to  security  systems  will  increase  in  use,  including  by  end  users  who  want  the  convenience  and  realtime  benefits  of  being  able  to  monitor  property  and  events  without  having  to  be  physically  present.  cloud  storage  is  another  important  aspect  of  how  systems  are  becoming  more  efficient  in  this  model.  much  larger  volumes  of  data  can  be  stored,  costeffectively  and  securely,  at
__label__situationalsurveillance dedicated  server  facilities,  allowing  users  to  archive  video  and  associated  data  for  longer  periods  of  time  and  improve  its  accessibility  as  well.  according  to  market  researchers,  video  is  now  the  fastest  growing  type  of  data  in  the  world,  and  video  generated  by  security  and  surveillance  systems  is  no  small  reason.  while  this  vast  amount  of  video  data  is  largely  being  used  for  security  purposes,  as  mentioned  above,  it  is  increasingly  valuable  as  a  source  of  business  intelligence.  however,  there  still  remains  a  significant  challenge  to  effectively  manage  and  use  the  endless  amounts  of  video  data  being  generated,  socalled  big  data.
__label__situationalsurveillance big  data  is  difficult  to  process  through  traditional  data  processing  applications.  we  expect  to  see  more  investment  in  tools  and  other  resources  that  can  effectively  mine  and  derive  actionable  intelligence  from  the  big  data  that  security  systems  are  producing.  this  technology  can  put  structure  around  vast  amounts  of  unstructured  video  data,  helping  better  understand  significant  patterns  and  trends.  in  the  coming  years,  look  for  improvements  in  and  greater  use  of  video  management  systems  vms  to  search  big  data  in  order  to  pull  up  relevant  events,  people,  locations,  times,  colors  and  keywords.  such  tools  will  assist  business  operators  to  turn  big
__label__situationalsurveillance data  into  critical  information  that  aids  in  loss  prevention,  marketing,  operations,  and  customer  service.  wireless  technology  has  transformed  our  lives  in  many  ways,  from  mobile  phones,  to  wifi  connectivity.  we  have  already  seen  the  benefit  and  convenience  of  remote  security  monitoring  via  smartphones  and  tablets.  video  surveillance  systems  of  up  to  ten  network  cameras  can  be  managed  entirely  via  mobile  devices,  no  longer  requiring  a  desktop  pc  to  run  video  management  software.  especially  for  smbs,  this  significantly  lowers  the  technology  hurdle  as  users  are  more  open  to  using  a  smartphone  app  than  having  to  overlook  a  more  comprehensive  and  detailed
__label__situationalsurveillance video  management  software  on  a  desktop  pc.  it  also  reduces  overall  system  and  maintenance  costs.  expect  to  see  more  use  of  wireless  technology  in  security  and  video  surveillance,  particularly  as  an  enhancement  to  business  optimisation  and  improvement  of  the  customer  experience.  security  operators  have  an  insatiable  appetite  for  more  clarity  and  detail  in  the  images  produced  by  their  video  surveillance  systems.  this  is  especially  true  as  the  adoption  of  intelligent  video  analytics  continues  to  grow.  so  continued  improvement  in  megapixel  technology  is  certainly  in  our  future.  enhanced  techniques  to  handle  challenging  lowlighting  conditions  in  new  ways  are  coming  to  market,
__label__situationalsurveillance making  cameras  even  more  useful  in  a  wider  array  of  applications  and  use  cases.  these  improvements,  largely  focused  on  expanding  the  wide  dynamic  range  wdr  capability  of  cameras,  also  provide  enhanced  detail  for  analytics  to  help  decipher  information.  look  for  continued  adoption  of  4k  ultra  hd,  which  enables  network  cameras  to  see  more  details.  with  an  hdtv  or  megapixel  network  camera,  the  resolution  is  at  least  three  times  better  than  an  analog  cctv  camera.  and  4k  ultra  hd  offers  four  times  the  resolution  of  hdtv  1080p.  however,  higher  and  higher  resolutions  also  result  in  increasing  storage  consumption.  intelligent  video  compression
__label__situationalsurveillance algorithms  such  as  axis  zipstream  technology  allow  for  a  reduction  in  storage  needs  by  an  average  50  or  more.  this  is  achieved  by  analysing  and  optimising  a  network  cameras  video  stream  in  realtime.  scenes  containing  interesting  details  are  recorded  in  full  image  quality  and  resolution  while  other  areas  are  filtered  out  to  optimally  use  available  storage.  important  forensic  details  like  faces,  tattoos  or  license  plates  are  isolated  and  preserved,  while  irrelevant  areas  such  as  white  walls,  lawns  and  vegetation  are  sacrificed  by  smoothing  in  order  to  achieve  better  storage  savings.  if  iot  devices  are  the  eyes  and  ears  for  increasingly
__label__situationalsurveillance interconnected  systems,  then  analytics  technology  is  the  brain.  we  expect  to  see  continued  adoption  of  sophisticated  video  and  audio  analytics  in  the  coming  year,  helping  security  systems  evolve  from  passive  monitoring  to  intelligent  and  adaptive  recognition,  situational  awareness  and  analysis  systems.  analytics  go  far  beyond  security  uses.  retailers,  for  example,  are  increasingly  using  video  analytics  to  gain  business  intelligence  insights  that  allow  them  to  optimise  shop  floor  plans,  merchandise  display  or  checkout  queue  management.  in  our  recent  survey,  cctv  in  retail,  one  third  of  retailers  across  northern  europe  want  better  customer  insights  such  as  age  and  gender  analytics  and  other
__label__situationalsurveillance ip  applications  such  as  people  counting,  queue  management  and  dwell  time.  this  opens  up  entirely  new  user  groups  to  video  surveillance.  for  example,  instore  traffic  flow  and  behavior  analysis  can  help  guide  advertising  and  promotion  campaigns.  while  the  vision  of  iot  is  enticing  for  the  convenience,  capabilities  and  flexibility  vast  networks  of  connected  devices  offer,  there  is  a  growing  risk  for  security  threats  and  breaches  as  the  number  of  entry  points  into  a  network  dramatically  increases.  in  a  recent  survey  by  cisco,  73  percent  of  business  decision  makers  said  they  expect  the  iot  to  cause  security  threats  to  increase  in
__label__situationalsurveillance severity  over  the  next  two  years.  more  worrying,  78  percent  of  it  security  professionals  are  either  unsure  about  their  capabilities,  or  believe  they  lack  the  visibility  and  management  required  to  secure  new  kinds  of  network  connected  devices.  as  a  general  rule  of  thumb,  as  you  increase  availability  and  access  to  any  network  device,  it  potentially  increases  exposure  to  cyber  threats.  because  security  camera  systems  will  become  increasingly  internet  connected  with  the  rise  of  the  internet  of  security  things,  offering  benefits  such  as  remote  access  and  third  party  integration,  just  as  with  other  network  connected  devices,  it  is  critical  to  do
__label__situationalsurveillance a  risk  assessment  and  implement  security  polices  in  the  design  and  implementation  of  a  network  video  system.  risk  assessments  have  been  common  practice  in  the  design  of  physical  security  systems  for  years,  particularly  for  enterprise  installations.  integrators  should  apply  the  same  thought  process  to  the  configuration  of  network  video  devices,  even  though  unlike  other  devices  on  the  networks  such  as  laptops,  desktop  or  mobile  devices,  a  network  camera  is  not  exposed  to  the  common  threat  of  users  visiting  potentially  harmful  websites,  opening  malicious  email  attachments  or  installing  untrusted  applications.  however,  as  a  network  device,  a  camera  or  other  connected  physical
__label__situationalsurveillance security  devices  may  expose  risk.  consequently  it  is  important  to  reduce  the  exposure  area  of  these  risks  and  minimising  the  attack  surface  area  isa  common  cyber  protection  measure.  if  devices,  services  and  applications  do  not  need  to  interact  you  should  try  to  limit  connectivity  between  them.  additionally  segmenting  the  video  system  from  the  core  network  is  a  good  overall  protection  measure,  thereby  reducing  risks  of  video  resources  and  business  resources  adversely  effecting  each  other.  the  process  of  securing  a  video  security  system  or  hardening  it  is  an  increasingly  necessary  one  for  installers  and  it  personnel  to  understand.  a  provides  a
__label__situationalsurveillance configuration  strategy  suited  to  specific  user  requirements  to  deal  with  the  evolving  threat  landscape.  axis  uses  the  as  a  baseline  for  its  hardening  guide.  a  first  step  is  an  understanding  and  use  of  industry  standard  security  protocols,  including  multilevel  user  authentication/authorisation,  password  protection,  ssl/tls  encryption,  802.1x,  ipfiltering  and  certificate  management.  in  addition,  smart  camera  suppliers  like  axis  continuously  update  their  cameras  firmware  with  new  features,  bug  fixes  and  security  patches.  to  deal  with  the  increasing  risk,  variety  and  volume  of  security  risks,  security  systems  users  will  need  to  stay  on  top  of  updates  from  their  suppliers  and  take  heed  of
__label__situationalsurveillance best  practices  for  preventing  attacks  through  network  camerabased  systems.  download  this  ebook  to  begin  navigating  the  fastchanging  surveillance  and  security  landscape,  from  the  growing  quantity  of  data  to  new  innovations  like  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning.  identify  the  challenges,  and  discover  exactly  what  storage  solutions  need  to  offer  to  meet  the  evolving  needs  of  security  industry  professionals,  installers  and  integrators.  dominicbru  wrong  with  an  hdtv  or  megapixel  network  camera,  the  resolution  is  at  least  three  times  better  than  an  analog  cctv  camera.  i  agree  withipvideo;  axis  seems  to  be  in  denial  over  the  reality  of  hd  analog.  seen  camera  footage
__label__situationalsurveillance from  hik  hdtvi  camera  and  damn  its  good.  you  have  wonderful  views  which  are  evident  from  your  writings.  keep  posting  such  kind  of  blogs  as  they  are  really  informative,  wish  you  good  luck  for  your  future  blogs  and  hope  they  receive  as  much  appraisal  as  you  have  got  now.  a  hrefresidential  drain  laying  ;  we  understand  that  information  is  critical  to  success,  which  is  why  we  are  singularly  focused  on  the  development  of  a  hrefhttp://goo.gl/jmia9h  video  surveillance  and  security  solutions  /a  that  provide  you  the  information  necessary  to  make  realtime,  businessenabling  decisions./brfrom  the  recently  introduced  video  expert  video  management  platform
__label__situationalsurveillance to  our  industryleading  selection  ofa  hrefhttp://goo.gl/jmia9h  ip  cameras  and  accessories/a,  we  are  committed  to  designing  and  delivering  a  broad  range  of  highquality,a  hrefhttp://goo.gl/jmia9h  ip  video  security  products  and  systems/a  complemented  with  an  unparalleled  level  of  customer  support  and  services./br/bra  hrefhttp://goo.gl/jmia9h..  read  more/a  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  informa  markets,  a  trading  division  of  informa  plc.
__label__situationalsurveillance modern  highdefinition  ip  video  surveillance  systems,  smart  cities,  and  iot  generate  massive  amounts  of  critical,  sensitive  data.  the  pivot3  acuity  iotsurveillance  series  is  purposebuilt  for  demanding,  dataintensive  video  workloads  of  any  size.  pivot3  provides  the  highest  levels  of  performance,  resiliency  and  availability  so  critical  video  data  is  stored  without  loss,  protected  from  any  failures  and  always  available  when  and  where  it  is  needed  most.  sustained  high  throughput  prevents  image  degradation  and  frame  loss.  seamlessly  scale  compute,  storage  and  bandwidth  linearly  or  independently.  advanced  high  availability  ensures  data  is  always  available  and  accessible.  multiple  petabytes  can  be  easily  managed  by  a
__label__situationalsurveillance single,  nonit  specialist.  critical  video  surveillance  infrastructure  patented  erasure  coding  eliminates  system  downtime  and  protects  against  liabilities  associated  with  data  loss.  pooled  cache  and  disk  resources  eliminate  frame  loss  and  image  degradation  ensuring  live  and  recorded  video  is  always  protected  and  accessible.  pivot3  is  1030  lower  cost  than  san/nas,  delivering  lower  tco  over  das/nvr,  with  no  advanced  it  skills  required  to  manage.  virtual  security  appliance  accesses  video  and  integrated  systems  on  any  device,  including  mobile,  with  no  need  for  costly  graphics  workstations.  virtual  security  appliances  enable  fullfunction  access  to  live  video  streams  on  any  device  phone,  tablet,  zero  client,  workstation,
__label__situationalsurveillance or  video  wall.  scale  compute,  capacity  and  bandwidth  with  a  single  appliance,  grow  capacity  with  storageonly  appliances  to  improve  efficiency  at  scale.  available  as  turnkey  appliances  or  softwareonly  on  your  preferred  hardware  platforms  host  video  applications  and  store  video  data  for  100  to  10,000  cameras.  enterprisegrade  infrastructure  for  largescale  surveillance  at  the  lowest  cost  in  the  market.  add  storage  appliances  to  surveillance  appliances  to  scale  capacity  only.  virtualized  client  workstations  ideal  for  operations  center,  mobile  and  remote  access.  ideal  for  organizations  with  20  to  200  cameras  or  distributed  locations.  pivot3  delivers  highperformance,  ultradense,  highly  resilient  solutions  that  reduce  risk,  eliminate
__label__situationalsurveillance downtime  and  data  loss,  and  simplify  scale  and  management  for  global  organizations  with  demanding,  dataintensive  video  surveillance  environments.  breakthrough  performance,  intelligence  and  simplicity  with  industryleading  hyperconverged  infrastructure  technology.  simplify  with  intelligence.  were  happy  to  answer  any  questions  you  have  about  pivot3.  please  complete  the  form  and  well  be  in  touch  with  you.  it  appears  your  web  browser  doesnt  support  iframes.
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  provides  value  beyond  visualization  in  structural  health  monitoring  shm  by  extracting  insights  at  a  massive  speed  and  scale,  often  with  the  help  of  ai.  iot  adoption  is  becoming  almost  inevitable  for  infrastructure  monitoring,  security  and  operation.  e.g
__label__situationalsurveillance almost  thirty  years  ago,  when  the  internet  was  launched  onto  an  unsuspecting  world,  even  inventor  tim  bernerslee  and  colleagues  at  cern  could  not  have  predicted  the  upheaval  that  would  follow.  it  has  been  the  greatest  technology  revolution  since  the  industrial  original.  and  now  its  happening  all  over  again.the  combination  of  cloud,  iot  and  ai  is  driving  opportunity  and  threat  in  equal  measure.  decisions  made  within  organizations  will  have  an  impact  for  years  to  come.  the  way  in  which  iotedge  links  to  the  broader  cloud  backend,  and  the  way  in  which  ai  integrates  across  the  full  processing  chain,  will  be  the
__label__situationalsurveillance key  to  unlocking  material  innovation  and  value.  after  many  years  of  rationalization  and  stretched  infrastructure  investments,  the  iot  represents  a  tipping  point  for  telcos,  the  cellular  networks  on  whose  backbones  the  new  iot  offerings  will  be  delivered.  for  some  time  now,  innovation  in  the  sector  has  been  driven  by  leading  web  services  and  platform  providers,  by  global  over  the  top  ott  players  who  offer  communications  and  streaming  services  across  ip  networks,  and  by  the  more  innovative  hardware  and  application  developers.  broadly  speaking,  .  playing  the  link  role  between  platforms  and  iot  devices  has  the  potential  to  change  all  that  if
__label__situationalsurveillance they  execute  quickly  and  intelligently.  and  for  many,  that  will  mean  moving  past  traditional  bureaucracy  and  behaving  more  like  the  ott  players  themselves.  with  the  emergence  of  5g,  telcos  can  embed  networking  across  the  entire  processing  chain,  delivering  the  fusion  of  cloud  and  edge.  this  will  require  collaboration  with  backend  storage  and  analytics  platforms  and  with  edge  silicon  and  edge  hardware  developers.  if  successful,  the  networks  will  position  themselves  as  acenter  of  innovation.  iot  devices  tend  not  to  be  churned  for  shinier  models.  and  if  those  iot  devices  deliver  services  architected  by  the  networks,  linking  to  cloud  analytics  and  storage
__label__situationalsurveillance platforms,  then  the  status  quo,  so  skewed  in  favor  of  apple  and  google  and  others  might  rebalance.  it  doesnt  seem  so  long  ago  that  the  cloud  seemed  innovative.  now  the  predicts  cloud  processing  will  reach  94  market  share  by  2021,  leaving  traditional  data  centers  far  behind.  cloud  ip  traffic  is  set  to  grow  at  a  cagr  of  27  from  2016  through  2021.  overall,  that  cloud  will  account  for  28  of  enterprise  it  spending  in  primary  segments  by  2023,  up  from  19  this  year,  reaching  some  1.3  trillion.  microsofts  azure  business  unit,  second  only  to  market  leader  aws,  has  now  posted
__label__situationalsurveillance twelve  straight  quarters  of  revenue  growth,  usually  90  or  better,  albeit  only  76  in  its  most  recent  period.  as  fast  as  cloud  computing  and  cloudbased  ai  has  centralized  and  virtualized,  iot  is  now  set  to  distribute  and  fragment  as  it  races  to  network  billions  of  physical  devices  to  make  life  easier  and  more  automated.  125  billion  such  devices  by  2030,  up  from  27  billion  last  year.  the  value  of  iot  technology  to  be  as  much  as  6  trillion  by  2025.it  is  this  impact  on  industry  that  .  ,  as  the  biggest  driver  of  productivity  and  growth  in  the  next  decade...
__label__situationalsurveillance accelerating  the  reinvention  of  sectors  that  account  for  almost  twothirds  of  world  output.  iot  in  all  its  guises  will  drive  the  annual  growth  in  data  transmission  from  25  to  50.  it  will  also  shift  processing  from  the  cloud  to  the  edge.  there  is  too  much  data,  its  too  indiscriminate,  too  centralized,  and  it  takes  too  long  to  access.  according  to  accentures  2018  technology  vision  report,  this  extends  intelligence  from  cloud  to  edge.  to  fully  enable  realtime  intelligence,  businesses  must  shift  eventdriven  analysis  and  decision  processing  closer  to  points  of  interaction  and  data  generation.  delivering  intelligence  in  the  physical  world  means
__label__situationalsurveillance moving  closer  to  the  edge  of  networks.  above  all,  though,  the  cloud  vs  edge  debate  will  be  shaped  by  the  imperatives  of  ai.  the  shift  to  cloud  computing  broadened  the  reach  of  big  data,  but  its  real  legacy  is  the  first  phase  of  ai:  smarter  search,  machine  learning,  natural  language  processing.  professor  stephen  hawking  said  of  ai  that  every  aspect  of  our  lives  will  be  transformed.  in  short,  success  in  creating  ai  could  be  the  biggest  event  in  the  history  of  our  civilization.  there  is  no  doubt  that  ai  will  have  a  vast  economic  impact  on  the  world.  according  to
__label__situationalsurveillance accenture:  ai  could  double  baseline  annual  economic  growth  rates  by  2035,  changing  the  nature  of  work  and  creating  a  new  relationship  between  man  and  machine.  so,  there  is  clearly  an  emerging  shift  from  cloud  to  edge;  but  think  of  this  as  a  redistribution  rather  than  a  rethink.  the  aidriven  cloudedge  architecture  is  finding  its  balance.  no  device  or  application  at  the  edge  will  ever  be  able  to  compete  with  the  clouds  capacity  for  data  storage  and  processing.  but  ai  feeds  on  data.  ever  more  data  means  ever  more  latency.  and  it  is  latency  and  connection  resilience  as  much  as  bandwidth
__label__situationalsurveillance usage  that  is  driving  the  shift  to  edge  processing.  computing  will  become  an  increasingly  movable  feast,  .  processing  will  occur  wherever  it  is  best  placed  for  any  given  application.for  ai  to  thrive  it  needs  both  the  cloud  and  intelligent  edge  computing  in  the  form  of  smart  iot  devices.  and  this  will  drive  the  fusion  of  cloud  and  edge,  rather  than  reliance  on  one  over  the  other.  if  the  fusion  of  cloud  and  edge  iot  is  the  solution,  what  happens  when  the  complexity  of  realtime  analysis  is  beyond  the  limited  processing  power  of  an  edge  iot  device,  but  there  is  too
__label__situationalsurveillance much  data  to  upload  to  the  cloud?  how  can  networks  of  sensors  work  together  if  the  data  being  analyzed  cannot  be  instantly  shared  as  required?  how  can  people  make  realtime  decisions  without  access  to  the  actual  data  on  which  machine  inferences  have  been  drawn?  and  what  about  the  inevitable  variation  in  edge  capability  by  type  of  device?  these,  in  a  nutshell,  are  the  realworld  challenges  of  applying  ai  to  the  analysis  of  live  video  with  low  latency.  and  video  is  the  defining  example  with  which  to  explore  the  architecture  of  cloud  to  edge  ai.  video  analytics  underpins  many  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance headline  applications  of  ai.  autonomous  vehicles,  robotics,  smart  cities,  security,  defense.  video,  already  90  of  traffic  through  mostly  downlinked  entertainment,  as  cameras  uplink  content  over  cellular  connections.  this  is  particularly  true  of  security  with  realtime  video  surveillance.  here,  the  challenge  is  maintaining  high  resolution  with  low  latency.  high  resolution  for  analytics.  low  latency  for  camera  controls  and  live  situational  awareness.  security  and  surveillance  video  traffic  will  see  a  sevenfold  increase  over  the  next  four  years,  fuelled  by  iot  cameras,  the  shift  to  cloud  video  platforms  and  the  rapid  growth  in  ai  analytics,  including  facial  recognition,  object  classification  and  behavioral  analytics.
__label__situationalsurveillance in  addition  to  bandwidth  constraints,  there  is  actually  a  limit  to  cloud  storage.  the  video  produced  in  a  single  year  by  the  worlds  currently  deployed  cctv  cameras,  most  of  which  are  sd,  exceeds  the  planets  current  data  center  storage  capacity.  we  couldnt  stream  and  store  all  that  data  even  if  we  wanted  to.  not  only  does  analytics  provide  immediate  intelligence,  but  it  also  filters  the  video  that  needs  to  be  stored  from  the  material  that  can  be  discarded.  the  majority  of  the  billions  of  iot  devices  will  be  wireless,  and  a  significant  number  of  these  will  be  mobile:  biometric  and
__label__situationalsurveillance environmental  sensors,  vehicles,  drones,  wearables,  smart  devices.  only  cellular  networks  provide  the  reach,  resilience,  scale  and  security  to  connect  these  devices  and  the  networks  are  having  a  major  overhaul.  just  as  nbiot  provides  major  improvements  in  battery  life  and  range,  5g  delivers  lower  latency  and  higher  bandwidth.  both  deliver  massive  scale  in  terms  of  numbers  of  devices.  but  wireless  bandwidth  will  always  be  a  finite  resource;  only  so  many  videogenerating  security  cameras  can  be  streamed  in  parallel  with  the  millions  of  videoconsuming  smartphones.  good  architecture  and  good  software  need  to  factor  in  wireless  connectivity,  which  in  the  real  world  cant
__label__situationalsurveillance always  be  guaranteed.  the  main  complexity  with  video  hits  when  transmitting  the  video  itself,  rather  than  the  metadata  or  the  inferences.  if  the  video  is  analyzed  on  the  device  then  its  manageable.  but  if  the  video  needs  to  be  networked  as  part  of  a  realtime  decision  tree  then  its  different.  the  urban  autonomous  car  and  the  urban  battlefield  might  use  the  same  core  video  analytics  but  under  very  different  conditions.  by  its  nature,  an  autonomous  car  is  a  hive  of  connectivity,  plugged  into  a  cloud  architecture  of  information  and  data  processing:  actual  driving  conditions;  behaviors  and  learnings  to  be  assessed
__label__situationalsurveillance and  improved;  mechanical  health  checks  for  predictive  maintenance;  journey  routes  and  times.  the  largely,  but  not  exclusively,  videobased  processing  of  the  road  and  its  surroundings,  including  traffic,  pedestrians  and  fixed  objects,  has  to  be  processed  in  the  car  itself.  5g  brings  advances  in  latency,  bandwidth  and  capacity  that  will  enable  many  new  applications,  including  automotive,  but  realtime,  safetycritical  applications  will  always  need  to  be  performed  locally.  an  autonomous  vehicle  has  an  absolute  imperative  to  complete  its  defined  journey  safely  and  efficiently.  any  further  processing  of  video  and  other  data  performed  locally  or  in  the  cloud,  is  of  secondary  importance.  on
__label__situationalsurveillance the  military  front,  is  very  different.  immediate  frontline  decisions  will  win  or  lose  ground  in  an  arena  of  shifting  and  uncertain  parameters.  but  one  thing  that  is  certain  is  that  modern  warfare  will  be  increasingly  networked  and  distributed.  and  battlefields,  urban  or  remote,  foreign  or  domestic,  are  not  known  for  reliable  connectivity.  they  are  at  the  mercy  of  disrupted  infrastructure,  physical  and  cyber  attack  and  subject  to  massive  data  overload.  the  internet  of  battlefield  things  iobt  envisages  unlimited  numbers  of  machines  capturing  unlimited  amounts  of  data,  with  ai  taking  lowerlevel  decisions  and  filtering  intelligence  for  wider  cloud  processing  or  higherlevel
__label__situationalsurveillance human  decision  making.  by  volume,  most  of  the  data  being  transmitted  will  be  video:  overcoming  bandwidth  constraints  and  latency  becomes  a  prerequisite  in  making  iobt  work.  and  on  the  urban  front,  .  a  great  deal  of  steadystate  analysis  can  remain  at  the  edge,  but  there  is  the  need,  certainly  with  more  advanced  systems,  to  network  actual  video  for  further  analysis  and,  of  course,  human  review  and  higherlevel  decision  making.  in  realtime  response  to  events,  in  law  enforcement,  in  public  safety,  people  in  control  rooms  and  the  cloud  processing  that  supports  them  needs  realtime  access  to  key  visual  data.  dedicated  edge
__label__situationalsurveillance processing  can  be  overly  simplified  or  fixed.  as  a  system  learns  and  develops,  its  outlying  nodes  should  do  the  same.  this  also  unlocks  material  value  from  clustering.  to  deliver  the  full  cloudedge  architecture  for  live  video,  there  have  to  be  limits  on  the  amount  of  data  that  needs  to  move  at  low  latency  in  real  time.  systems  at  the  edge  should  sit  within  a  distributed  architecture  that  can  operate  in  either  an  online  or  offline  mode.  a  distributed  architecture  is  not  simply  a  structure,  it  needs  to  be  realworld  proofed  and  adaptable.  data  needs  to  be  focused  and  sized  for
__label__situationalsurveillance live  transmission  and  processing.  edge  and  central  systems  need  to  work  in  lockstep.  available  bandwidth  needs  managing  efficiently.  one  example  of  a  distributed  architecture  is  aibased  human  detection  in  edge  surveillance  analytics.  a  material  percentage  of  all  security  and  surveillancerelated  analytics  would  benefit  from  an  uptick  in  human  detection.  is  there  someone  in  the  scene,  hiding,  running,  crawling,  climbing,  walking?  is  there  a  false  alert  caused  by  something  else,  or  even  environmental  interference?  such  systems  can  be  deployed  and  then  iteratively  improved  at  the  edge.  but  as  analytics  advances,  the  so  what  will  be  asked  more  and  more  often.  do
__label__situationalsurveillance we  know  the  person  or  persons?  what  are  they  doing?  are  there  any  markers  for  bad  behavior?  any  anomalies?  some  of  this  requires  linkage  to  a  wider  system.  make  the  scene  a  crowded  public  space  and  any  analytics  becomes  more  complex.  a  processing  chain,  edge  to  center,  is  required  to  manage  the  workload.  and  then  theres  clustering:  where  a  system  of  multiple  sensors  is  more  capable  than  the  sum  of  its  parts.  and  this  means  intelligent  connectivity.  for  intelligent  edge  devices  to  leverage  the  power  and  scale  of  big  data,  live  video  requires  intelligent  connectivity,  realtime,  between  and  across  networks.
__label__situationalsurveillance this  is  the  real  vision  for  edgeai.  not  the  rush  to  equip  edge  devices  and  sensors  with  new  generations  of  ai  silicon  and  dedicated  gpus  with  little  thought  to  future  evolution.  distributed  processing,  designed  to  balance  efficient  edge  applications  with  a  highercapacity  center,  built  to  deliver  low  latency,  enabling  splitsecond  decision  making  on  realtime  data.  many  iot  video  devices  will  also  be  mobile,  with  additional  stress  on  video  codecs  given  the  frame  to  frame  scene  change  from  a  moving  sensor.  5g  is  imminent  but  not  a  panacea  for  the  sheer  scale  of  the  networking  challenge.  quality  of  service  and  universality
__label__situationalsurveillance of  an  offering  will  be  front  of  mind.  solutions  need  to  tolerate  issues  with  congestion  and  coverage.  networking  between  cloud  and  edge  has  to  be  designed  into  the  architecture  of  solutions.  we  are  now  at  the  very  earliest  stages  of  the  development  of  iotcloud  architectures  that  underpin  ai  applications.  most  of  these  wont  touch  video,  and  where  they  do  it  will  be  cut  back,  analyzed  and  processed.  however,  in  applications  that  are  realtime  and  unpredictable,  and  this  includes  security,  defense  and  public  safety,  there  will  be  a  need  for  adaptations  of  the  core  distributed  architecture.  theres  a  lot  written  about
__label__situationalsurveillance the  realistic  level  of  autonomy  we  can  expect  from  ai  in  the  next  generation.  what  is  certain  is  that  the  art  of  the  possible  relies  on  intelligent  connectivity.  edge  devices.  edge  analytics.  the  cloud.  central  applications  and  analytics.  this  is  the  architecture  for  the  new  wave  of  iot  business  applications.  consequently,  the  telcos  occupy  a  unique  position  in  this  ecosystem,  which  will  rely  on  the  quality  and  resilience  of  cellular  networks  at  the  same  time  as  it  respects  their  limitations.  now  its  all  down  to  execution.  the  sheer  scale  of  the  prize  in  iot  and  ai  will  sift  winners  from
__label__situationalsurveillance losers  at  an  unprecedented  scale,  and  there  will  inevitably  berationalization  and  consolidation.  but  for  those  that  come  out  on  top,  theres  the  potential  to  put  in  place  sticky  revenue  models  that  will  persist  for  a  generation.  if  the  question  is  edge  or  cloud,  the  answer  is  yes.  the  immediate  next  question,  though,  is  how.  i  am  the  founder/ceo  of  digital  barriersa  company  providing  advanced  surveillance  tech  to  the  defence,  national  security,  counterterrorism  and  critical  infrastructur  ...
__label__situationalsurveillance it  has  been  called  many  names:  distributed  cloud,  fog  computing,  and  4th  generation  data  center,  but  with  the  impending  mass  deployment  of  5g  a  variant  of  distributed  cloud  is  more  commonly  referred  to  as  multiaccess  edge  computing  or  mec.  the  idea  behind  mec  is  to  deliver  compute,  bandwidth,  and  micro  services  much  closer  to  the  end  user  and  iot  devices  for  faster  and  more  informed...  since  1893,  the  international  association  of  chiefs  of  police  iacp  has  been  shaping  the  law  enforcement  profession.  the  iacp  annual  conference  and  exposition  has  been  the  foundation,  providing  leaders  with  new  strategies,  techniques,  and  resources
__label__situationalsurveillance they  need  to  successfully  navigate  the  evolving  policing  environment.  iacp  has  been  a  leader  in  the  law  enforcement  industry  throughout  its  125year  history.  join  blueforce  in  orlando  october  69,  2018...  a  blueforce  advisor  told  us  very  early  on  that  to  truly  understand  customer  pain  and  the  very  problems  we  hoped  to  solve  with  our  technology,  we  had  to  live  a  week  in  the  breach.  so  we  did,  and  we  continue  to  do  so.  we  spend  many,  many  weeks  each  year  deployed  alongside  of  intelligence  analysts,  far  forward  commanders,  door  kickers,  cbrn  responders,  eod,  investigators,  undercover...  announcing  blueforceedge  image  recognition  plugin
__label__situationalsurveillance for  superior  decision  support  in  time  stressed  and  contested  environmentsthe  increasing  speed  of  unpredictable  and  chaotic  events  collapses  the  tactical  decision  space  for  military  commanders  and  first  responders.  forward  sensor  fusion  with  edgebased  processing  accelerates  recognitional  decision  making  by  widening  the  decisionmakers  aperture  to  a  greater  number  of  sensor  inputs  and  a  wider  array  of  sensor  types.  cognitive  computing  tools...  john  boyd,  a  korean  war  u.s.  air  force  pilot  and  subsequent  military  strategist,  has  been  front  and  center  in  how  we  at  blueforce  have  thought  about  and  designed  software  for  use  by  our  national  security  and  public  safety  decision  makers.
__label__situationalsurveillance during  the  korean  war,  boyd  wanted  to  understand  why  the  f86  sabre  was  so  dominant  in  shooting  down  the  russian  mig15.  he  quickly  discovered  that...  sensitive  site  exploitation  sse  has  become  a  core  focus  given  the  potential  for  executing  special  operations  missions  in  or  near  sites  suspected  of  manufacturing,  storing,  or  supporting  weapons  of  mass  destruction  wmd  to  include  chemical,  biological,  radiological,  and  nuclear  cbrn.  a  generation  ago,  regimes  with  access  to  these  munitions  were  limited  to  developed  and  relatively  stable  nation  states.  however,  the  operating  environment  has  drastically  changed,...  counterterrorism  operations  take  so  many  shapes  across  the  national  security
__label__situationalsurveillance landscape.  we  have  been  there  first  hand,  from  iraq  to  the  african  continent,  to  new  york  city.  our  heros  in  new  york  city  present  one  way,  while  our  friends  who  jump  into  new  found  tunnels  on  the  border  present  another.  our  participation  in  military  working  dog  programs  and  how  they  leverage  our  technology  never  ceases...  recent  terrorist  attacks  and  active  shooter  incidents  have  shared  a  common  similarity:  100s  of  armed  responders  from  many  agencies  descending  on  the  scene  to  help  neutralize  the  situation.  with  that  comes  not  only  a  radio  interoperability  problem,  but  a  command  interoperability  problem.  blueforce  products  were
__label__situationalsurveillance specifically  designed  to  enable  secure  small  unit  swarming,  an  ability  for  responders  from  diverse  agencies,  to  rapidly  form  responder  networks...  blueforce  is  proud  to  announce  that  we  have  been  named  one  of  the  top  10  homeland  security  solution  providers  by  cioreview  magazine.  in  a  world  dominated  by  asymmetric  threats,  a  split  seconds  delay  in  command  decision  can  drive  the  success  or  failure  of  a  mission.  in  such  a  scenario,  ensuring  that  the  right  person  at  the  right  time  receives  actionable  information  is  essential  for  mission...  blueforce  development  technologies  have  been  a  cornerstone  for  border  counterterrorism  joint  task  forces  jtf  since
__label__situationalsurveillance 2009  here  in  the  united  states  and  oconus.  our  sensor  fusion  technology,  found  in  both  blueforceedge  and  blueforcetactical,  enables  sensors  from  disparate  manufacturers  to  be  fused  into  a  single  stream  of  data,  enabling  the  coveted  single  pane  of  glass  common  operating  picture.  you  can  see  it  in  action  here  in...  p.o.  box  40,  newburyport,  ma  01950  email:  infoblueforcedev.com  phone:  1  866  960  0204  fax:  1  866  801  9650  copyright  2019  blueforce  development  corporation  all  rights  reserved  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as
__label__situationalsurveillance necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored
__label__situationalsurveillance on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not
__label__situationalsurveillance store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that  may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed  as  nonnecessary  cookies.  it  is  mandatory  to  procure  user  consent  prior  to  running  these  cookies  on  your  website.
__label__situationalsurveillance field  tested  cloud  secured  disparate  security  management  tools  for  cloud  and  physical  networks  limit  visibility  of  shadow  networks  and  clouds  that  will  harbor  unknown  threats.  see  how  you  can  gain  realtime  visibility  to  identify  and  eliminate  your  hybrid  infrastructure  blind  spots.  lumeta  is  a  realtime  visibility,  vulnerability,  and  risk  management  solution  that  enables  cloud,  network,  and  security  teams  to  find  and  secure  unknown,  rogue  and  shadow  clouds,  network  infrastructure,  and  endpoints.  gain  realtime  visibility  into  your  dynamic  infrastructure  including  cloud,  virtual,  physical,  softwaredefined  network  infrastructure,  endpoints,  and  operational  technology  ot/internet  of  things  iot.  with  lumeta,  you  can  eliminate  100  of
__label__situationalsurveillance your  blind  spots  and  monitor  changes  or  unusual  behaviors  to  eliminate  any  gaps  in  coverage  that  may  leave  you  exposed.  lumeta  discovers,  maps  and  alerts  on  topology  changes  across  the  entire  hybrid  enterprise,  including  multicloud  environments.  delivering  a  holistic  view  across  all  of  your  physical  and  virtual/cloud  infrastructures,  lumeta  cloudvisibility  provides  an  authoritative  perspective  for  your  enterprise  security  operations  center  soc  to  prioritize  issues  for  remediation  and  ensure  network  protection.  lumeta  monitors  the  hybrid  infrastructure  for  telltale  signs  of  nefarious  activity  and  prioritizes  findings  for  investigation  and  remediation.  with  lumeta,  your  threat  intelligence  feeds  are  made  actionable  to  correlate  a
__label__situationalsurveillance comprehensive  understanding  of  your  enterprises  active  ip  address  space  against  known  threats  as  new  threat  data  becomes  available,  and  as  new  endpoints  connect  to  the  network.  lumeta  discovers  and  monitors  every  cloud  account,  network,  path  and  endpoint  for  changes  in  realtime  to  identify  new  leak  paths  that  are  often  due  to  misconfigurations  or  malicious  activity.  lumeta  finds  inbound  and  outbound  leak  paths  to  the  internet,  virtual  private  cloud,  in  between  networksegmented,  firewalled  enclaves,  or  across  iot/ot  environments.  lumeta  uses  a  unique  patentpending  technology  to  produce  a  comprehensive  network  summary  that  includes  a  recursively  crawling  cycle  of  targeting,  indexing,  tracing,  monitoring,
__label__situationalsurveillance profiling,  and  displaying  a  networks  state.  through  passive  and  active  methods,  you  get  a  view  of  your  entire  infrastructure,  including  cloud  instances  and  assets,  as  well  as  all  ipv4/ipv6  connections  and  devices.  lumetas  network  situational  awareness  solutions  identify  and  map  every  ip  connected  device  on  a  network  and  discover  inbound  and  outbound  leaks,  giving  it  management  a  clear,  comprehensive  assessment  of  network...  frost  sullivan  expects  the  total  number  of  iot  devices  to  grow  from  approximately  12.44  billion  devices  in  2016  to  over  45.41  billion  by  2023,  representing  a  global  compound  annual...  realtime  infrastructure  visibility,  leak/path  analysis  and  risk  impacts,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance vigilant  platforms,  is  a  national  systems  integrator  delivering  physical  security  first  responder  solutions  in  the  commercial  and  federal  markets.  vigilant  designs  and  implements  solutions  for  video  surveillance,  access  control  and  biometrics,  visitor  management,  credentialing  and  badging,  command  and  control  centers,  situational  awareness,  mobile  communications,  visualization  and  analytics,  emergency  notification  and  provides  the  corresponding  it  infrastructure.  vigilant  platforms  designs  and  implements  the  most  complete  line  of  integrated  public  safety  solutions.  create  a  more  intelligent  world,  security  requires  constant  vigilance.  if  you  want  ip  surveillance  systems  that  grow  without  compromise,  are  easy  to  deploy,  capable  of  meeting  your  enterprises  demand,  and  are
__label__situationalsurveillance secure,  contact  the  experts  at  vigilant  platforms.  vigilant  offers  managed  ip  video  surveillance  with  secure  access  to  live  and  recorded  video  from  any  device,  anywhere,  anytime.  maximize  the  security  of  your  business  with  crystal  clear  full  motion  highdefinition  video  surveillance  while  eliminating  local  storage  concerns.  incident  footage  is  available  ondemand.  in  the  fields  of  physical  and  information  security,  access  control  provides  selective  restriction  of  access  to  a  place  or  resource.  vigilant  designs  and  implements  access  control  solutions  utilizing  the  latest  technologies  to  protect  your  people,  property  and  assets.  vigilant  designs  and  implements  secure  wireless  network  access  solutions  for  employees,  guests,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  partners.  our  team  of  mobile  communications  experts  design  and  support  bringyourowndevice  byod  solutions  that  allow  your  organization  to  enforce  secure  custom  network  policies  that  allow  you  to  gain  control  over  users  and  devices.  vigilant  platforms  has  industry  leading  solutions  that  provide  critical  physical  security  and  first  responder  tools.  for  example,  the  ability  to  connect  to  public  agencies  and  private  enterprises  securely  sharing  audio  radio  and  telephone,  video  and  data  resources  in  realtime  can  be  critical  during  an  emergent  incident  or  a  natural  disaster.  with  the  upcoming  onslaught  of  data  generated  from  the  iot,  customers  are  demanding  instant,  timely  information.
__label__situationalsurveillance realtime  information  is  a  must  and  predictive  analytics  will  become  the  need  to  have.  it  is  imperative  for  businesses,  first  responders,  and  the  community  to  understand  what  is  going  on  in  realtime,  not  after  the  fact.  todays  business  needs  like  multicast  video  surveillance,  byod,  and  the  increase  of  connected  devices  require  24x7x365  uptime.  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  ip  video  surveillance  challenge  todays  it  infrastructure  by  increasing  bandwidth  and  storage  requirements.  workplace  security  and  public  safety  are  two  closelyaligned  areas  where  iot  and  an  increased  use  of  ip  video  is  having  a  huge  impact  on  bandwidth,  storage  it  security.
__label__situationalsurveillance vigilants  team  of  experts  can  help  your  organization  develop  implement  an  enterprise  wide  strategy  to  integrate  new  technologies  into  your  existing  physical  security  infrastructure.  the  roadmap  serves  as  a  longterm  integrated  physical  security  plan  allowing  your  organization  to  seamlessly  add  additional  layers  of  defense  over  time.  security  requires  constant  vigilance.  integrating  the  latest  security  technologies  into  your  existing  infrastructure  can  be  daunting.  vigilants  team  of  experts  can  assess  your  current  environment,  design  a  comprehensive  solution,  integrate  the  solution  into  your  existing  infrastructure  and  trains  your  staff  for  operational  excellence.  organizations  today  are  under  attack,  protecting  your  people,  property  and  assets
__label__situationalsurveillance iotenabled  solutions  give  campuses  the  ability  to  connect  different  security  technologies,  provide  realtime  alerts  and  datadriven  insights.  iot  is  an  evergrowing  network  of  physical  devices  that  features  unique  ip  addresses  for  internet  connectivity  and  communication.  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  provided  endless  possibilities  in  the  digital  frontier.  as  the  interconnectivity  movement  has  made  its  way  into  the  physical  security  industry,  these  new  technologies  have  the  opportunity  to  make  campus  security  smarter  and  more  efficient  than  ever  before.  with  an  increasing  number  of  school  security  breaches  dominating  the  news  cycle,  intelligent  solutions  are  needed  to  safeguard  both  students  and  faculty.
__label__situationalsurveillance emerging  iot  technology  and  programmable  logic  devices  plds  are  showing  promise  to  help  schools,  universities  and  healthcare  facilities  minimize  threats  and  address  emergency  situations  swiftly.  while  many  are  still  seeking  to  learn  more  about  the  capabilities  of  iot  and  plds  as  well  as  their  limitations,  the  devices  arent  overly  complicated  when  the  user  is  given  the  right  amount  of  training.  iotenabled  solutions  give  campuses  the  ability  to  connect  technologies  from  different  areas  of  security,  from  perimeter  video  surveillance  to  internal  access  control  to  provide  realtime  alerts  and  datadriven  insights  for  administrators.  what  exactly  is  iot,  and  what  makes  it  valuable
__label__situationalsurveillance for  security  deployments?  iot  is  an  evergrowing  network  of  physical  devices  that  features  unique  ip  addresses  for  internet  connectivity  and  communication.  iot  devices  are  generally  intelligent,  combining  capabilities  and  enabling  advanced  automation  functions  that  allow  for  streamlined  security  protocols.  these  devices  collect  data,  but  unlike  traditional  security  equipment,  they  take  it  a  step  further  with  the  ability  to  exchange  and  analyze  the  data  they  collect.  thanks  to  realtime  alerts,  iot  security  sensors  can  lead  to  improved  situational  awareness  and  incident  response  times.  the  utilization  of  iot  means  that  data  can  be  processed  and  relayed  much  faster  than  traditional  systems.  when
__label__situationalsurveillance a  video  surveillance  device  communicates  with  an  access  control  system,  it  allows  administrators  access  to  instantaneous  updates  on  potential  threats.  the  digital  trail  of  incidents  that  iot  enabled  security  solutions  can  provide  is  another  invaluable  asset  of  these  systems.  having  access  to  data  regarding  breaches,  whether  its  from  video  surveillance  footage  or  access  management  timestamps,  helps  users  not  only  decipher  a  situation  but  also  aid  in  optimizing  the  structure  of  their  security  systems  to  ensure  it  does  not  happen  again.  for  campuses,  this  is  becoming  a  gamechanger,  giving  administrators  the  ability  to  deliver  unprecedented  levels  of  security  by  implementing  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance technologies  that  allow  for  a  holistic  approach  to  public  safety.  as  many  of  these  devices  have  a  wide  array  of  functions,  they  provide  a  hefty  cost  savings  to  school  administrators  looking  for  systems  that  can  pull  double  duty.  many  schools  employ  basic  forms  of  video  surveillance,  access  management  and  to  create  safer  environments.  while  video  surveillance  allows  for  constant  monitoring  to  deter  crime,  including  bullying  on  campus,  access  management  ensures  the  flow  of  visitors  on  school  grounds  that  is  both  supervised  and  controlled.  for  dire  situations,  emergency  communication  systems  allow  school  administrators  to  more  easily  transmit  alerts  for  lockdowns,  severe
__label__situationalsurveillance weather  events  and  medical  incidents.  each  technology  is  powerful  as  a  standalone  tool,  documenting  happenings  on  campus  and  allowing  administrators  to  better  communicate  in  a  crisis,  but  when  combined  together,  they  can  provide  insights  and  alerts  to  vastly  improve  campus  security.  by  integrating  these  functions  and  adding  intelligence,  these  security  devices  not  only  become  smarter,  but  their  reach  is  extended.  due  to  their  robust  capabilities,  these  types  of  iotenabled  systems  are  often  made  up  of  programmable  logic  devices  plds.  simply  put,  this  means  they  can  be  programmed  to  perform  a  logic  function.  think  if  this,  then  that.  this  means  that
__label__situationalsurveillance if  the  camera  sensor  recognizes  the  face  of  a  blacklisted  individual,  then  an  alert  is  automatically  sent  to  administrators,  and,  depending  upon  the  severity  of  the  situation,  the  police.  while  this  pld  may  look  like  a  typical  video  surveillance  camera,  it  performs  less  like  its  traditional  counterpart  and  more  like  a  computer  with  a  lens.  when  installed,  a  single  iotenabled  pld  may  be  equipped  with  multiple  sensors  and  abilities,  such  as  a  camera  for  surveillance  or  identity  verification  if  needed,  a  keypad  rfid  module  for  access  management,  speakers  for  twoway  communications  and  even  emergency  alert  buttons  for  instant  connection  to
__label__situationalsurveillance law  enforcement.  by  merging  these  technologies  into  a  single  device,  schools  can  easily  save  money  on  installation  costs,  labor  costs  and  an  overall  reduction  in  points  of  failure,  which  often  cut  deeply  into  their  small  budgets.  when  it  comes  to  security,  the  human  element  can  often  be  the  weakest.  in  times  of  emergency,  no  matter  how  prepared,  it  is  natural  for  humans  to  panic  and  lose  sight  of  security  protocols  that  in  turn  leaves  training  and  equipment  less  effective  or  even  useless.  it  is  in  these  moments  that  plds  shine  and  prove  to  be  more  reliable  in  critical  moments  where
__label__situationalsurveillance time  is  of  the  essence.  by  implementing  iotenabled  logic  devices,  these  systems  not  only  monitor  but  recognize  and  analyze  issues  in  realtime.  for  campuses  not  equipped  with  iotconnected  solutions,  school  administrators  may  not  be  aware  of  a  crisis  on  campus  until  it  is  too  late  to  intervene.  by  the  time  the  correct  personnel  have  been  made  aware  of  an  issue  and  have  initiated  a  lockdown,  the  process  of  calling  law  enforcement,  notifying  parents  and  assessing  the  situation,  unfortunately,  becomes  more  about  damage  control  than  prevention.  for  schools  equipped  with  iot  connected  plds,  these  scenes  play  out  much  differently.  when  a
__label__situationalsurveillance situation  arises,  students  or  faculty  nearby  can  quickly  press  an  emergency  alert  button  on  the  pld.  this  button  not  only  calls  police  but  it  also  automatically  sends  a  campuswide  notification  to  designated  personnel.  all  of  this  takes  place  within  a  span  of  25  seconds.  by  removing  the  human  element  from  security  procedures,  automation  improves  safety  and  reduces  the  chances  of  failure  at  any  point  in  the  chain  of  command.  in  emergency  situations,  consistency  is  the  key.  by  removing  the  possibility  of  human  error,  these  intelligent  systems  offer  more  reliable  performance.  once  programmed,  logic  devices  are  designed  to  work  the  same
__label__situationalsurveillance way  in  all  circumstances,  making  their  actions  predictable.  this  creates  an  interconnected  and  agile  solution  that  monitors  risks,  recognizes  threats  and  creates  alerts  without  the  need  for  intervention.  these  new  advanced  technologies  can  help  prevent  tragedies  from  happening.  if  and  when  an  emergency  does  happen,  these  same  technologies  can  work  to  minimize  damages  as  precious  seconds  can  mean  anything  from  diffusing  a  tense  situation  to  actually  saving  lives.  joe  byron  is  vice  president  of  sales  at  americas  for  .  campus  safety  magazine  is  another  great  resource  for  public  safety,  security  and  emergency  management  professionals.  it  covers  all  aspects  of  campus
__label__situationalsurveillance safety,  including  access  control,  video  surveillance,  mass  notification  and  security  staff  practices.  whether  you  work  in  k12,  higher  ed,  a  hospital  or  corporation,  campus  safety  magazine  is  here  to  help  you  do  your  job  better  required  fields  are  marked  crisis  response  can  be  a  weak  spot  for  many  campuses.  learn  how  to  manage  tasks,  share  response  plans  and  maintain  command  and  control  over  response  teams  during  a  crisis.  learn  how  tools  like  mass  notification  systems  coupled  with  the  right  emergency  communication  plan  can  help  your  organization  achieve  the  speed  and  reach  it  needs  to  keep  everyone  safe  and  informed.  2019
__label__situationalsurveillance unicom  global  consists  of  more  than  50  corporate  entities  encompassing  a  wide  range  of  businesses  including  mergers  and  acquisitions  ma,  real  estate  development,  business  and  financial  services  and  a  range  of  information  technology  it  divisions.  enterprise  software  solutions  communications  solutions  real  estate  financial  services  government  solutions  engineering  solutions  what  does  the  internet  of  things  mean  for  video  surveillance  solutions?  maybe  we  should  take  a  step  back  first  to  look  at  what  todays  surveillance  systems  are  capable  of.  cctv  systems  have  evolved  from  allanalog  systems  into  ones  that  use  digital  recording  and  distribution  over  ip  networks  like  the  public  internet.  thanks
__label__situationalsurveillance to  ip  cameras,  wireless  mesh  nodes  and  tight  interconnections  between  devices  and  networks,  it  is  easier  than  ever  to  capture,  store  and  transmit  video  without  degrading  its  quality.  the  iot  is  both  a  huge  opportunity  or  business  in  general  and  for  smart  use  of  such  video  surveillance  technology  in  particular.  modern  surveillance  solutions  can  provide  iot  breakthroughs  for  sectors  such  as  retail  and  security  systems  in  particular.  video  surveillance,  retail  and  the  iot  research  firm  gartner  projected  that  more  than  6  billion  things  would  be  connected  to  the  iot  by  the  end  of  2016.  indoor  ip  cameras  will  be  a
__label__situationalsurveillance significant  chunk  of  those  devices,  as  they  are  important  parts  of  increasingly  popular  iot  video  surveillance  solutions.  highquality  video  streams  from  these  cameras  have  the  potential  to  yield  valuable  insights  to  retailers.  according  to  the  cctv  in  retail  survey  from  axis  communications,  onethird  of  north  american  retailers  wanted  about  customers  genders  and  ages,  which  video  could  potentially  provide.  beyond  this  knowledge,  multiview  video  streaming  could  open  up  a  number  of  interesting  use  cases:  video  surveillance  systems  for  iot  security  theres  also  the  benefit  of  enhanced  security  against  issues  such  as  theft.  across  the  board,  video  surveillance  solutions  are  powerful  assets
__label__situationalsurveillance for  security  and  safety  in  the  iot.  surveillance  systems  have  already  proven  themselves  in  contexts  such  as  citywide  public  safety  initiatives.  the  city  of  mission,  texas,  once  deployed  a  surveillance  infrastructure  that  incorporated  firetide  hotport  7020  mesh  nodes  along  with  ptz  cameras.  this  setup  helped  it  gain  timely  security  insights  without  having  to  rely  as  much  on  human  police  officers.  the  wireless  mesh  network  gives  usa  in  areas  that  dont  have  a  continuous  police  presence,  explained  marin  garza  jr.,  chief  of  police  at  the  mission  police  department.  networked  cameras  are  already  important  components  even  in  consumerfacing  iot  surveillance  devices  such
__label__situationalsurveillance as  dropcam.  organizations  and  communities  can  go  even  further  by  connecting  multiple  cameras  and  iot  devices  to  highthroughput  wireless  mesh  solutions.  to  learn  more  about  which  solutions  will  be  right  for  your  requirements.  firetide,  inc.
__label__situationalsurveillance while  new  sensor,  mobile  and  wireless  technologies  are  driving  the  evolution  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  true  business  value  of  the  iot  lies  in  big  data  rather  than  hardware  novelties.  after  all,  why  transmit  information  from  iot  devices  to  the  end  user  if  you  dont  have  an  analytics  platform  rich  enough  to  extract  insights  from  it  or  transform  it  into  meaningful  consumer  experiences?  weve  spoken  with  some  leading  software  developers  who  are  pioneering  the  bleeding  edge  of  iot  analytics  to  help  you  understand  how  its  enabling  transformative  business  opportunities.  heres  what  well  cover:  the  first  thing  to  understand
__label__situationalsurveillance about  analytics  on  iot  data  is  that  it  involves  datasets  generated  by  sensors,  which  are  now  both  cheap  and  sophisticated  enough  to  support  a  seemingly  endless  variety  of  use  cases.  the  potential  of  sensors  lies  in  their  ability  to  gather  data  about  the  physical  environment,  which  can  then  be  analyzed  or  combined  with  other  forms  of  data  to  detect  patterns.  dr.  joachim  schaper  is  senior  vice  president  of  research  and  head  of  the  advanced  analytics  lab  at  a  leading  player  in  the  emerging  iot  analytics  market.  his  views  represent  the  combined  expertise  and  experience  of  agts  rd  team,  which  includes
__label__situationalsurveillance more  than  80  people.  schaper  explains  that  sensor  data  can  also  be  used  to  understand  people  as  well  as  things:  the  ability  of  sensors  to  understand  physics  reveals  some  of  the  realtime  context  around  a  given  person,  which  can  then  be  combined  with  the  expressiveness  of  social  media  data  to  yield  a  strong  understanding  of  an  individual  person  or  a  group  of  people.  if  this  is  done  right,  it  can  enable  a  huge  set  of  new  services  for  the  consumer.  the  following  video  shows  agts  solutions  at  work.  in  this  example,  machine  learningassisted  video  analytics  track  an  audiences  movements  during
__label__situationalsurveillance a  basketball  game  to  reveal  the  crowds  level  of  engagement:  heat  map  of  a  crowds  movements  created  with  agts  video  analytics  just  well  discuss  this  use  case  in  greater  detail  below.  other  kinds  of  data  than  sensor  data  that  are  involved  in  iot  projects  include:  to  say  that  these  types  of  data  arent  specific  to  the  iot  is  to  miss  the  point.  in  many  cases,  the  value  of  sensor  data  only  becomes  clear  when  its  integrated  and  correlated  with  other  data  sources.  lets  take  a  look  now  at  some  use  cases  for  iot  analytics  and  business  intelligence  that  can  drive
__label__situationalsurveillance transformative  business  impacts  across  a  number  of  verticals.  iot  solutions  have  the  potential  to  completely  rewrite  how  businesses  think  of  their  customers.  one  way  in  which  this  is  happening  already  is  by  analyzing  information  about  how  consumers  use  a  businesss  internetconnected  products.  by  way  of  example,  take  the  following  dashboard  from  ,  a  developer  of  selfservice  and  guided  analytics  solutions:  product  usage  data  collated  with  social  media  and  revenue  data  in  farnaz  erfan,  senior  director  of  product  strategy  at  birst,  explains  how  iot  connected  coffee  makers  transmit  information  to  the  manufacturer  about  how  many  pots  of  coffee  a  consumer  is
__label__situationalsurveillance brewing  per  day.  this  data  can  then  be  correlated  with  social  media  data  to  determine  whether  consumers  who  brew  more  coffee  are  more  likely  to  be  actively  discussing  the  brand  on  social  media.  additionally,  the  vendor  can  see  whether  variations  in  the  amount  of  coffee  brewed  by  consumers  correspond  to  the  amount  of  coffee  capsules  also  sold  by  the  vendor.  one  fascinating  aspect  of  analytics  on  iot  data  that  erfan  highlights  is  the  potential  for  analytics  to  be  both  businessfacing  and  consumerfacing  at  the  same  time.  by  way  of  example,  erfan  mentions  a  birst  deployment  for  a  utilities  client  selling
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  energy  meters  that  dont  require  meter  readers:  they  sell  into  state  and  county  governments  as  well  as  private  energy  providers,  so  that  organizations  can  perform  fraud  detection  on  the  meter  data  as  well  as  revenue  projections.  the  other  channel,  however,  is  consumeroriented,  she  says,  as  the  analytics  enable  portals  for  consumers  to  manage  their  energy  consumption,  see  how  much  theyre  over  and  under  other  households  in  the  neighborhood,  turn  appliances  on  and  off  to  determine  how  they  impact  energy  usage  etc.  in  this  case,  the  business  generates  value  from  the  same  analytics  in  two  ways:  one  of  the  most
__label__situationalsurveillance exciting  domains  in  iot  analytics  is  the  emerging  field  of  social  analytics.  social  analytics  involves  using  sensor  data,  video  data,  social  media  data  etc.  to  gain  actionable  insights  into  the  personalities  and  behaviors  of  individuals  and  groups.  agt  has  helped  to  establish  this  field  through  its  pioneering  focus  on  connected  events.  schaper  explains  that  at  connected  events,  the  things  on  which  sensors  are  deployed  are  people:  we  have  created  a  complete  solution  on  mobile  with  the  respective  backend  analytics  for  fashion  and  for  the  european  basketball  league.  what  weve  done  there  is  to  deploy  iot  sensors  at  the  venue,  on
__label__situationalsurveillance the  models  in  the  case  of  fashion  shows  and  on  the  referees  and  coaches  in  the  case  of  basketball  games.  these  sensors  enable  the  analysis  of  human  emotions  rather  than  device  usage  a  form  of  analytics  known  as  sentiment  analysis  .  dr.  gadi  lenz,  agts  chief  scientist,  explains  that  biometric  sensors  and  networks  are  important  enabling  technologies  for  sentiment  analysis:  agt  is  using  video  facial  expressions,  accelerometers  and  gyros  motion,  audio  cheering  and  booing,  heart  rate  excitement,  skin  conductance  stress  etc.,  coupled  with  machinelearning  based  analytics  to  infer  peoples  emotions  in  a  way  that  was  not  possible  before.  for  instance,
__label__situationalsurveillance schaper  explains  that  biometric  sensors  on  coaches  link  the  motions  of  this  notoriously  fidgety  demographic  to  their  feelings  about  the  game,  as  we  saw  in  the  video  at  .  weve  created  a  socalled  agitation  index  for  coaches,  which  analyzes  movement  to  measure  their  level  of  involvement  throughout  the  game.  if  you  then  relate  this  data  to  the  game  data  when  free  throws  happen,  when  3pointers  happen  etc.,  you  get  very  interesting  correlations.  using  agts  video  analytics  to  create  an  agitation  index  for  coaches  much  of  what  agt  does  at  connected  events  extends  beyond  sensor  data  into  the  field  of  video
__label__situationalsurveillance analytics,  particularly  a  form  of  analytics  based  on  machine  learning  that  agt  calls  video  anomaly  detection.  he  explains  that  this  kind  of  video  analytics  takes  the  raw  input  from  a  camera  and  learns  the  scene.  facial  recognition  and  motion  detection  are  both  crucial  areas  in  enabling  social  analytics  via  video.  in  the  case  of  fashion  shows,  schaper  notes,  we  can  use  motion  detection  to  determine  where  the  audience  is  actually  looking  to  detect  events  that  draw  the  attention  of  the  whole  group.  we  measure  that  by  looking  at  their  faces  and  using  eye  position  and  mouth  position  to  understand  the
__label__situationalsurveillance focus  and  level  of  interest  of  the  person.  currently,  social  analytics  is  creating  business  value  through  supporting  the  video  capture  of  important  moments  at  events.  by  analyzing  the  emotions,  behaviors  and  focal  points  of  a  crowd  to  pinpoint  the  highlights  of  the  event,  video  clips  can  be  created  that  tie  in  naturally  with  the  interests  of  the  crowd  and,  by  extension,  online  viewers  as  well.  agts  video  analytics  have  helped  in  the  creation  of  short  stories  and  youtube  clips  by  delivering  recommendations  to  editors  about  which  moments  at  an  event  were  most  significant  for  the  audience  and  for  participants.  schaper
__label__situationalsurveillance notes  that  this  content  went  on  to  rack  up  2  million  views  across  facebook  and  youtube,  along  with  branded  videos  showing  the  use  of  machine  learning  to  understand  the  emotional  states  of  models:  agt  machinelearning  technologies  read  models  emotional  states  protecting  infrastructure  goes  beyond  predictive  maintenance,  and  frequently  people  need  protection  from  infrastructure.  agt  actually  got  its  start  in  protecting  oilfield  infrastructure  through  deployments  of  cameras  alongside  motion  and  radar  sensors.  in  surveillance  contexts,  the  detection  of  anomalies  is  crucial,  and  agt  does  this  through  a  novel  mechanism:  we  let  the  machine  try  to  figure  out  what  the  state  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  feed  is  and  derive  normal  or  abnormal  things  over  time.  we  create  anomaly  indices,  and  if  something  pushes  past  threshold  its  counted  as  an  anomaly.  human  operators  monitoring  the  sensor  feeds  can  even  adjust  the  threshold  for  what  counts  as  an  event  worthy  of  their  attention,  as  in  the  following  example  of  a  traffic  management  system  based  on  video  analytics:  adjusting  anomaly  indices  in  agts  videobased  traffic  management  system  the  line  in  the  graph  at  the  bottom  represents  the  threshold  of  significance  set  by  the  operator,  while  peaks  indicate  anomalous  events  a  stalled  car,  a  car  moving  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance wrong  direction  etc.  that  pass  the  threshold  and  hence  require  the  attention  of  a  human  being.  because  this  technology  is  based  on  machine  learning,  schaper  explains,  users  dont  have  to  define  complex  rules  to  determine  what  counts  as  an  event.  instead,  the  software  itself  figures  this  out:  if  you  use  this  in  traffic,  the  analytics  will  learn  that  there  are  four  lanes,  two  in  each  direction,  and  typically  the  car  flow  goes  on  the  left  side  from  the  top  to  the  bottom  and  on  the  right  side  from  the  bottom  to  the  top.  if  the  analytics  detect  a  strong  movement
__label__situationalsurveillance from  left  to  right  in  the  video  signal,  thats  an  indication  of  an  accident  and  the  analytics  will  trigger  an  alarm.  such  technologies  are  useful  for  adjusting  operations,  as  well  as  for  ensuring  safety.  agts  video  analytics  are  also  being  used  to  manage  crowd  movements  in  queues  and  crowd  density  at  events.  the  use  cases  weve  examined  should  give  you  some  idea  of  the  breadth  of  what  you  can  achieve  with  iot  analytics.  we  havent  covered  the  details  of  the  enabling  technologies  behind  iot  platforms,  which  use  specialized  types  of  data  science  to  deal  with  vast,  realtime  datasets  generated  by
__label__situationalsurveillance sensors.  research  firm  gartner  covers  these  technologies,  along  with  artificial  intelligence  and  industrial  iot  tools,  and  the  analytical  methods  used  with  them  in  a  report  on  this  content  is  available  to  gartner  clients.  if  youre  looking  to  begin  comparing  vendors,  reference  our  of  endtoend  bi  platforms.  many  of  these  vendors  can  act  as  technology  partners  for  iot  projects,  as  weve  seen  in  the  examples  discussed  in  this  report.  supply  chain  analytics  trends:  the  internet  of  things  and  more  evolve  your  customer  segmentation  methods  with  clustering  what  is  data  blending,  and  which  tools  make  it  easier?
__label__situationalsurveillance january  17,  2019  the  ,  also  known  as  iot,  has  been  growing  exponentially  over  the  last  decade.  in  just  a  few  years,  iot  usage  has  moved  from  simple  experiments  to  being  at  the  core  of  multiple  highscale  solutions.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  morgan  stanley  estimated  that  75  billion  devices  would  be  connected  to  the  internet  by  2020.  many  of  us  are  benefiting  from  iot  without  even  knowing  it.  whether  in  transportation,  manufacturing,  customer  service  or  else,  iot  is  everywhere  and  is  changing  the  world  for  better.  in  this  article,  we  will  pick  a  few  of  these  use  cases  and
__label__situationalsurveillance explain  the  power  and  revolution  iot  has  brought  to  our  society.  despite  the  advancement  in  manufacturing  and  industrial  processing,  many  companies  are  still  forced  to  use  a  breakfix  model.  without  advanced  sensors  and  technology  included  on  missioncritical  equipment,  it  can  be  hard  to  tell  when  a  machine  is  about  to  fail.  these  failures  can  be  extremely  dangerous  to  workers,  if  the  machine  fails  catastrophically.  this  is  one  of  the  reasons  why  industrial  companies  ,  have  not  only  focused  efforts  around  worker  safety  and  preventive  maintenance,  but  also  begun  relying  on  iot  devices.  here  is  the  process.  note  that  these  sensors
__label__situationalsurveillance can  be  recording  the  status  of  the  machinery  in  different  ways,  such  as:  temperature,  speed,  humidity,  etc.  also,  it  is  good  to  keep  in  mind  that  both  hardware  and  software  are  required  to  make  iot  a  reality.  a  connected  device  that  is  not  integrated  with  an  application  for  some  specific  purpose  is  useless.  the  benefits  are  instantaneous.  with  iot,  companies  are  able  to  collect  realtime  information  on  the  condition  of  their  equipment.  there  is  no  need  to  check  each  piece  of  equipment  individually.  these  manual  operations  that  are  not  only  timeconsuming,  but  also  difficult  or  sometimes  dangerous,  are  no  longer
__label__situationalsurveillance necessary.  the  crew  can  detect  anomalies  in  a  timely  fashion  and  actions  can  be  taken  to  immediately  remediate  the  situation.  actually,  remediation  can  even  be  automatized.  because  companies  can  better  monitor  their  equipment,  they  can  schedule  preventative  maintenance  based  on  data  gathered  by  iot  sensors.  when  the  application  processes  the  data,  it  is  able  to  detect  warning  signs.  this  way,  the  factory  engineers  can  plan  to  fix  failing  components  before  the  issue  becomes  worse.  the  integration  of  iot  in  the  manufacturing  and  industrial  ecosystem  helps  keep  workers  safe.  not  only  that,  it  increases  efficiency,  because  there  are  fewer  interruptions  due
__label__situationalsurveillance to  machinery  failure.also,  because  there  are  less  incidents  and  consequently  less  outages,  every  plant  productivity  increases.  this  can  help  drop  prices  for  consumers  and  increase  profit  margins  for  industrial  companies  which  is  a  winwin.  a  few  examples  of  companies  offering  iot  solutions  for  the  manufacturing  industry  include  ,  ,  and  .  this  is,  perhaps,  one  of  the  most  famous  applications  of  iot  technology.  it  is  safe  to  say  that,  without  iot  and  strong  wireless  networks,  selfdriving  cars  would  be  completely  impossible.  indeed,  just  a  few  decades  ago,  the  concept  was  looked  on  as  a  science  fiction  case.  but  today,  there
__label__situationalsurveillance are  more  companies  than  ever  exploring  selfdriving  cars.  the  potential  benefits  of  successful  research  from  companies  like  uber,  waymo,  ford,  and  dozens  of  other  companies  could  be  enormous.  we  have  seen  more  joint  deals  between  car  manufacturers  and  longtime  technology  companies,  but  there  are  also  technology  firms  joining  forces  together  such  as  .  and  more  efficient.  designers  of  future  cities  even  see  them  as  a  way  to  eliminate  parking  lots  and  structures,  creating  a  more  humanfriendly  environment.  it  remains  to  be  seen  when  selfdriving  cars  will  become  widespread  and  be  available  for  purchase.  they  may  be  available  to  the  public
__label__situationalsurveillance as  soon  as  2020,  and  .  but  regardless  of  how  soon  they  are  adopted,  selfdriving  cars  remain  a  revolutionary  use  case  for  iot.  asset  tracking  is  one  of  the  most  powerful  use  cases  for  iot.  it  may  come  as  no  surprise  that  there  are  already  dozens  of  iot  products  and  software  companies  dedicated  to  tracking  assets,  ranging  from  cars,  ,  to  construction  equipment,  and  more.  while  gps  global  positioning  system  has  been  widely  used  over  the  years,  new  location  services  have  made  their  entrance  on  the  market.  connected  devices  are  able  to  communicate  with  each  other,  which  makes  sensortosensor  communication
__label__situationalsurveillance a  good  alternative  to  gps.  consequently,  anything  large  enough  to  have  an  iot  sensor  and  receiver  attached  can  be  tracked  instantly,  around  the  world.  the  location  of  things  allows  for  the  quick  and  easy  geolocation  of  fixed  and  mobile  assets.  moreover,  because  sensors  can  collect  more  information  than  the  simple  positioning,  iot  is  offering  further  data  that  can  be  leveraged,  such  as  speed  or  surrounding  temperature.  the  capabilities  become  endless.  with  more  data  collected,  companies  can  better  understand  when  and  how  issues  occur,  and  even  prevent  them.  for  instance,  by  knowing  the  temperature,  speed  and  nature  of  the  road,  some
__label__situationalsurveillance companies  can  decide  on  rerouting  a  truck.  for  delivery  companies,  improved  tracking  means  better  logistics,  less  delays,  and  less  incidents.  some  of  the  companies  leading  innovation  in  this  space  include  ,  ,  telecom  giant  and  numerous  others.  as  time  goes  on  and  iot  becomes  even  more  affordable,  iotbased  asset  tracking  and  monitoring  is  sure  to  become  even  more  common.  the  population  of  the  world  is  aging.  due  to  the  expanding  world  population  and  advances  in  medical  technology,  lifespans  are  getting  longer.  it  is  predicted  that  between  2015  and  2030,  by  56,  from  900  millions  to  1.5  billion.  one  potentially  revolutionary
__label__situationalsurveillance application  for  iot  may  be  for  athome  medical  care.  many  people  today  are  choosing  to  in  their  own  homes  rather  than  live  in  an  assisted  living  facility.and  while  athome  caregivers  are  useful  for  helping  elderly  individuals  who  are  aging  in  place,  they  cannot  always  be  on  alert,  24/7.  thats  where  the  comes  in.  sensors  placed  in  the  home  and  worn  by  elderly  individuals  can  monitor  their  environment.  a  heart  rate  monitor  could  detect  excessive  exertion,  a  gyroscope  could  detect  falls  and  alert  authorities,  and  other  devices  could  monitor  the  health  and  wellbeing  of  elderly  individuals.  companies  like  ,  ,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance are  a  few  innovators,  focusing  on  wholehome  iot  for  senior  safety,  fall  prevention,  medication  reminders,  and  more.  as  the  population  continues  to  age,  were  sure  to  see  more  investment  in  smart  homes  for  athome  medical  care.  one  of  the  most  common  questions  about  the  internet  of  things  is  how  all  of  these  smart  solutions  will  be  powered,  and  the  answer  is  edge  computing.  while  iot  devices  can  collect  data,  they  are  not  designed  to  process  and  analyzed  it.  edge  computing  is  a  new  approach  to  computing  that  uses  edge  servers  smaller,  decentralized,  and  geographicallyclose  to  replace  and  support  data  centers.
__label__situationalsurveillance edge  servers  are  installed  just  a  few  hops  away  from  connected  devices,  so  data  can  be  quickly  collected  and  analyzed.  this  guarantees  low  latency  for  applications  and  high  data  processing  speeds  that  enable  innovations  like  selfdriving  cars.  if  youre  interested  in  building  an  iot  solution  with  a  platform  that  automate  the  deployment,  management  and  maintenance  of  iot  servers,  ormuco  is  the  perfect  partner  to  start  with.  our  ormuco  edge  solution  offers  you  to  manage  edge  workloads  through  a  unified  platform.  to  learn  more  about  ,  and  how  to  use  it  to  power  your  iot  use  cases,  please  or  feel  free
__label__situationalsurveillance to  .  sadissas  passion  is  it  and  shes  dedicated  the  last  20  years  to  fulfilling  it.  she  joined  ormuco  as  marketing  manager  in  2018.  previous  next  our  mission  is  to  be  a  leader  in  the  deployment  of  edge  computing  as  the  preferred  solution  for  data  processing.  we  support  companies  in  building  popular,  highquality  offerings  delivered  as  a  service.
__label__situationalsurveillance improving  your  odds  of  success  for  large  scale  change  programs  helping  you  embed  technology  where  it  unlocks  the  most  value  for  your  organization  enabling  your  people  to  accelerate  and  sustain  the  change  our  mission  is  to  help  leaders  in  multiple  sectors  develop  a  deeper  understanding  of  the  global  economy.  mckinsey  quarterly  our  flagship  business  publication  has  been  defining  and  informing  the  seniormanagement  agenda  since  1964.  our  85  solutions  leverage  advanced  technology,  proprietary  data,  and  deep  expertise  to  help  clients  in  new  and  exciting  ways  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  involve  video  analyticsa  technology  that  applies  machinelearning
__label__situationalsurveillance algorithms  to  video  feeds,  allowing  cameras  to  recognize  people,  objects,  and  situations  automatically.  these  applications  are  relatively  new,  but  several  factors  are  encouraging  their  growth,  including  the  increased  sophistication  of  analytical  algorithms  and  lower  costs  for  hardware,  software,  and  storage.  with  video  analytics  becoming  more  important  to  iot  applications,  we  decided  to  examine  this  technology  more  closely.  we  first  looked  at  the  general  factors  propelling  growth  and  then  examined  opportunities  by  use  case,  setting,  and  technology.  to  gain  more  insight  into  gotomarket  models,  we  investigated  two  out  of  the  many  areas  where  the  use  of  video  analytics  is  relatively  well
__label__situationalsurveillance established:  surveillance  for  multiple  consumer  and  business  use  cases  and  retail.  our  work  builds  on  a  june  2015  report,  ,  by  the  mckinsey  global  institute  mgi.  it  also  draws  on  expert  interviews  for  insights  on  videoanalytics  technologies  and  customer  segments.  we  found  that  the  opportunities  for  videoanalytics  applications  will  vary  by  setting  and  function.  similarly,  opportunities  to  make  money  vary  along  the  iot  value  chain,  with  companies  positioned  to  capture  most  revenue  from  software  and  application  development.  mgi  predicts  that  iot  applications  will  have  a  potential  economic  impact  of  3.9  trillion  to  11.1  trillion  a  year  by  2025.  videoanalytics  applications,
__label__situationalsurveillance which  are  expected  to  have  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  greater  than  50  percent  over  the  next  five  years,  could  significantly  contribute  to  the  expansion  of  iot  applications.  to  identify  the  areas  where  video  analytics  will  be  in  the  greatest  demand,  we  followed  an  approach  similar  to  the  one  mgi  employed  when  estimating  the  growth  of  iot  technology.  specifically,  we  looked  at  potential  applications  that  could  be  developed  for  nine  settingsall  welldefined  physical  locationsrather  than  looking  at  opportunities  by  industry.  the  settings  are  shown  in  exhibit  1.  based  on  our  analysis,  demand  for  videoanalytics  applications  will  be  greatest  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  city,  retail,  vehicle,  and  worksite  settings  by  2020.  the  most  common  use  cases  will  involve  optimizing  operations,  enhancing  public  safety,  increasing  employee  productivity,  and  improving  maintenance.  overall,  the  largest  total  available  market  for  video  analytics  will  involve  optimizing  operations  in  cities  and  factoriescurrently  its  most  popular  applicationand  enabling  various  functions  in  autonomous  vehicles,  such  as  blindspot  monitoring.  in  all  settings,  videoanalytics  providers  will  have  to  address  privacy  issues,  since  many  users  are  uneasy  about  being  monitored,  especially  in  situations  where  the  data  might  be  used  against  them.  for  instance,  productionline  workers  may  object  to  video  monitoring  if  they  believe
__label__situationalsurveillance that  the  footage  will  be  used  to  criticize  their  work  habits.  iot  applications  usually  offer  more  value  when  they  incorporate  video  analytics,  since  the  technology  allows  them  to  consider  a  wider  range  of  inputs  and  make  more  sophisticated  decisions  exhibit  2.  for  instance,  some  typical  iot  applications  use  beacons  that  transmit  location  data  each  time  they  connect  with  a  consumer  smartphone  in  a  store.  while  this  data  can  help  retailers  track  the  number  of  visitors,  a  videoanalytics  application  would  provide  more  detailed  demographic  information,  such  as  the  genders  and  ages  of  the  shoppers.  over  the  past  few  years,  several  important
__label__situationalsurveillance developments  have  increased  the  sophistication  and  utility  of  videoanalytics  applications,  turning  them  into  a  much  more  important  growth  driver  for  the  iot.  first,  computerprocessing  power  has  improved  while  simultaneously  becoming  less  expensive.  for  instance,  entrylevel  pricing  for  cloudcomputing  services  is  66  percent  lower  than  it  was  two  years  ago.  there  have  also  been  important  advances  in  iot  connectivity  and  the  number  of  large  data  sets  available  for  analysis.  finally,  video  analytics  have  benefitted  from  the  development  of  more  complex  software  algorithms  and  a  type  of  artificial  intelligence  that  gives  computers  the  ability  to  learn  without  being  explicitly  programmed.  some  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  most  important  recent  advances  in  videoanalytics  technology  involve  the  following:  realtime  processing.  todays  applications  can  process  a  high  volume  of  video  footage  in  real  time.  this  feature  allows  users  to  see  evidence  of  potential  problems  as  soon  as  it  is  available  and  take  immediate  corrective  action,  such  as  deploying  store  personnel  to  monitor  shoplifters.  greater  accuracy.  videoanalytics  applications  are  capable  of  much  more  precise  image  analysis.  consider  the  revolution  in  surveillance  applications.  the  first  ones  were  only  capable  of  basic  motion  detection,  using  pixel  matching  and  frame  referencing  to  detect  changes  in  the  position  of  objects  within  their  view.
__label__situationalsurveillance as  a  result,  any  movement  might  be  flagged  as  a  possible  problem.  by  contrast,  current  videoanalytics  applications  can  recognize  and  disregard  motions  that  previously  triggered  false  alarms,  such  as  a  leaf  falling  in  front  of  a  security  camera.  in  addition,  users  can  program  surveillance  systems  to  detect  specific  visual  patterns,  such  as  movements  associated  with  retail  theft  or  the  appearance  of  flames.  better  business  insights.  with  their  advanced  imageprocessing  capabilities,  videoanalytics  applications  can  consider  multiple  visual  inputs,  some  of  which  may  be  ambiguous  and  require  careful  processing.  for  instance,  they  can  assess  the  demographics  and  behaviors  of  retail  customers  and
__label__situationalsurveillance turn  this  information  into  business  insights  that  assist  with  product  assortment  and  placement,  potentially  improving  store  efficiency,  customer  conversion,  customer  loyalty,  and  other  metrics.  access  to  large  data  sets  and  more  nuanced  analyses.  the  software  algorithms  in  videoanalytics  applications  are  now  capable  of  gathering  and  analyzing  video  footage  from  multiple  sources,  thereby  generating  more  detailed  insights.  for  example,  surveillance  applications  can  identify  people  based  on  physical  characteristics  from  video  feeds  collected  at  multiple  locations  at  different  times.  similarly,  retail  applications  can  aggregate  data  from  multiple  video  feeds  to  determine  the  shopping  patterns  characteristic  of  different  demographic  groups.  more  innovative  use
__label__situationalsurveillance cases.  with  better  videoanalytics  applications,  new  use  cases  are  emerging.  for  instance,  some  cities  are  examining  aggregated  data  from  city  and  highway  video  cameras  for  the  first  time,  looking  at  volume,  timing,  and  distribution  of  traffic.  this  information  may  help  improve  traffic  management  and  could  even  be  used  when  designing  future  roadways.  such  improvements  have  helped  business  executives  recognize  the  value  of  video  analytics  across  sectors,  from  city  planning  to  healthcare.  retailers,  for  instance,  are  using  iot  applications  with  video  analytics  to  assess  the  age  range,  demographic  profile,  and  behaviors  of  their  customers.  the  software  within  these  applications  then  makes
__label__situationalsurveillance multiple  recommendations  about  product  assortment  and  placement.  to  explore  the  potential  opportunity  for  videoanalytics  iot  applications  in  more  detail,  we  examined  two  of  the  top  use  cases.  first,  we  examined  surveillance  applications,  including  those  for  motion  tracking,  object  counting,  and  detection  of  object  removal  and  abandoned  objects,  across  all  settings.  we  then  looked  at  retail  analytics,  such  as  heat  mapping,  people  counting,  shopperdemographics  analysis,  loitering  detection,  and  dwelltime  analysis.  across  settings,  iot  applications  can  reduce  crime  and  protect  the  public.  by  2025,  for  instance,  cities  are  expected  to  capture  14  billion  to  31  billion  in  economic  value  through  improved  crime
__label__situationalsurveillance detection  and  monitoring.  although  videoanalytics  technology  is  already  central  to  many  surveillance  applications,  it  may  play  an  even  greater  role  in  the  future.  most  mature  surveillance  companies  still  specialize  in  simple  video  analytics,  such  as  motion  detection,  where  cost  is  the  main  differentiator.  the  more  advanced  surveillance  applications,  which  have  advanced  detection  capabilities  and  high  accuracy,  are  marketed  by  startups.  despite  recent  advances,  videoanalytics  applications  for  surveillance  still  have  many  technological  limitations.  in  particular,  they  would  benefit  from  greater  videocompression  capabilities  to  ease  transmission  and  storage  demands,  as  well  as  better  integration  with  other  iot  systems.  for  instance,  it  would
__label__situationalsurveillance be  helpful  if  a  videoanalytics  application  could  detect  fire  on  a  video  feed  and  then  notify  another  iot  device  that  activates  the  sprinkler  system  or  calls  for  firefighters.  as  with  most  videoanalytics  applications,  software  development  appears  to  offer  the  best  opportunities  for  capturing  value  for  surveillance  use  cases.  this  layer  may  be  lucrative  because  customers  typically  need  customized  applications,  rather  than  offthe  shelf  solutions.  in  addition,  surveillance  software  is  often  protected  by  intellectualproperty  rights  or  strict  licensing  agreements,  so  companies  with  strong  offerings  may  have  little  competition.  the  current  market  and  winning  business  models.  the  surveillance  market  is  composed  of
__label__situationalsurveillance many  small  customers  and  a  few  large  retailers.  companies  that  develop  videoanalytics  applications  for  surveillance  can  follow  several  different  business  models,  but  most  now  do  one  of  the  following:  integrators.  under  this  model,  companies  offer  solutions  across  the  entire  iot  value  chain,  from  solution  integration  to  hardware,  giving  customers  a  single  source  for  all  their  surveillancetechnology  needs.  this  model  may  give  integrators  a  competitive  edge,  since  most  surveillance  customers  are  not  security  experts  and  prefer  endtoend  solutions  that  cover  installation,  hosting,  analytics,  and  other  tasks.  in  addition,  many  surveillance  customers,  such  as  casinos  and  government  agencies,  must  meet  strict  regulatory
__label__situationalsurveillance requirements  and  want  assistance  in  fulfilling  them.  integrators  often  assist  with  these  tasks  by  subcontracting  with  other  providers,  such  as  companies  that  install  cameras.  focused  singlestep  providers.  these  companies  concentrate  on  a  single  link  in  the  iot  value  chain,  such  as  videomanagement  platforms  or  wire  installation.  they  frequently  form  partnerships  with  integrators  to  provide  marketing  and  customersupport  capabilities,  reducing  the  need  for  large  internal  sales  teams.  consulting  services.  in  addition  to  providing  software  and  hardware  solutions,  consultants  also  make  business  recommendations  that  relate  to  many  major  organizational  groups  or  functions.  iot  applications  could  help  retailers  capture  between  410.0  billion  and
__label__situationalsurveillance 1.2  trillion  in  annual  economic  value  by  2025  by  improving  performance  in  multiple  areas,  including  instore  promotions,  staff  allocation,  and  shopfloor  layout.  many  of  the  most  valuable  applications  could  include  video  analytics,  since  most  large  retailers  already  have  surveillance  cameras  and  can  use  data  obtained  from  these  feeds.  while  companies  in  many  segments  prefer  endtoend  solutions,  this  is  especially  true  in  retail,  where  most  customers  are  not  as  tech  savvy  and  typically  do  not  have  strong  opinions  about  specific  software  or  hardware  providers.  companies  that  provide  retailers  with  video  analytics  fall  into  two  categories:  large  businesses  that  tend  to  compete
__label__situationalsurveillance in  more  commoditized  areas,  such  as  traffic  counting,  and  niche  players  that  focus  on  retail  applications,  such  as  those  that  assist  with  queue  management.  the  current  market  and  winning  business  models.  retail  customers  include  enterprise  businesseslarge  companies  with  a  national  or  global  presenceand  small  to  midsize  businesses  smbs  with,  at  most,  50  stores.  smbs  tend  to  request  simple  applications,  such  as  those  for  traffic  counting  and  loss  prevention.  in  addition  to  such  applications,  enterprise  retailers  also  seek  applications  that  can  perform  more  complex  analyses  of  customer  demographics,  staffing,  and  other  factors.  in  many  cases,  enterprise  customers  take  advantage  of  their
__label__situationalsurveillance scale  by  aggregating  and  analyzing  video  data  from  many  different  stores,  which  leads  to  greater  insights.  many  enterprise  customers  can  independently  deploy  and  manage  videoanalytics  applications,  but  smbs  often  want  greater  customer  support.  another  difference  is  that  enterprise  players  tend  to  pick  the  best  application  for  each  use  case,  so  they  may  work  with  a  number  of  different  providers,  while  smbs  typically  prefer  to  have  a  single  point  of  contacteither  an  individual,  or  a  company  as  solution  provider  or  resellerfor  all  their  videoanalytics  needs.  companies  that  want  to  serve  the  retail  videoanalytics  segment  can  play  one  or  more  roles.  some,
__label__situationalsurveillance for  instance,  create  endtoend  solutions  that  can  be  readily  implemented  and  fulfill  all  of  a  retailers  needs  for  software,  analytics,  service,  and  infrastructure.  most  of  the  smb  retailers  rely  heavily  on  such  providers,  since  they  lack  the  expertise  needed  to  implement  their  own  videoanalytics  solutions.  alternatively,  they  could  act  as  resellers  that  provide  software  created  by  other  companies.  resellers  have  strong  existing  relationships  with  retailers  of  all  sizes  and  can  assist  with  implementation,  deployment,  service,  and  infrastructure.  the  remaining  two  business  models  focus  on  software  or  hardware.  softwareapp  developers  provide  specific  retail  applications,  such  as  those  for  people  counting  or
__label__situationalsurveillance heatmap  analysis.  they  sometimes  provide  endtoend  solutions  on  a  limited  scale.  hardware  providers  sell  videocamera  hardware  without  the  software,  but  often  have  difficulty  making  a  profit  in  retail,  since  their  products  are  commoditized  and  margins  are  low.  in  addition,  most  retailers  lack  the  knowledge  and  resources  needed  to  create  complete  videoanalytics  solutions.  hardware  providers  that  offer  small  or  unobtrusive  cameras  may  have  an  advantage  over  the  competition,  since  many  retailers,  especially  highend  luxury  stores,  do  not  want  to  make  their  customers  feel  like  they  are  constantly  under  surveillance.  companies  may  be  tempted  to  develop  multiple  technologies  for  use  in  videoanalytics
__label__situationalsurveillance applications,  but  our  research  shows  that  the  revenue  at  stake  varies  significantly  by  segment.  whats  more,  these  revenues  are  often  higher  or  lower  than  those  seen  with  traditional  iot  applications  exhibit  3.  for  instance,  iot  videoanalytics  applications  tend  to  generate  more  revenue  than  typical  iot  applications  within  software  and  application  development  but  lower  revenues  within  solutions  integration  and  hardware.  although  the  current  market  for  iot  videoanalytics  applications  is  relatively  small,  there  is  a  large  opportunity  in  the  coming  five  to  ten  years.  as  iot  videoanalytics  applications  become  more  popular,  they  will  provide  more  value  across  an  even  wider  range  of
__label__situationalsurveillance use  cases  and  settings.  together,  these  factors  could  make  video  analytics  one  of  the  most  important  growth  drivers  for  the  iot,  opening  a  new  world  of  possibility  to  developers,  businesses,  and  consumers.  is  a  specialist  in  mckinseys  north  american  knowledge  center,  is  a  consultant  in  the  silicon  valley  office,  and  is  a  partner  in  the  san  francisco  office.  mckinsey  quarterly  please  sign  in  to  print  or  download  this  article.  please  create  a  profile  to  print  or  download  this  article.  create  a  profile  to  get  full  access  to  our  articles  and  reports,  including  those  by  mckinsey  quarterly  and  the  mckinsey  global
__label__situationalsurveillance institute,  and  to  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  and  email  alerts.  mckinsey  uses  cookies  to  improve  site  functionality,  provide  youwith  a  better  browsing  experience,  and  to  enable  our  partners  to  advertise  to  you.  detailed  information  on  theuse  of  cookies  on  this  site,  and  how  you  can  decline  them,  is  provided  in  our  .  by  usingthis  site  or  clicking  on  ok,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies.  select  topics  and  stay  current  with  our  latest  insights
__label__situationalsurveillance we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  article?  you  can  request  the  fulltext  of  this  article  directly  from  the  authors  on  researchgate.  tip:  tip:
__label__situationalsurveillance brought  to  you  by  unobtrusive  systems  are  useful  for  monitoring  elderly  behaviour  and  detect  changes.  wearable  devices  for  ble  indoor  positioning  and  body  motility  are  energy  greedy.  digest  mode  for  data  sending  to  the  shared  repository  is  the  most  preferable  way.  linked  open  data  to  share  results  is  fundamental  in  a  smart  city  perspective.  frailty/mci  risk  detection  based  on  highlevel  geriatric  subfactors  is  effective.  a  growing  number  of  elderly  people  65  years  old  are  affected  by  particular  conditions,  such  as  mild  cognitive  impairment  mci  and  frailty,  which  are  characterized  by  a  gradual  cognitive  and  physical  decline.  early  symptoms  may  spread
__label__situationalsurveillance across  years  and  often  they  are  noticed  only  at  late  stages,  when  the  outcomes  remain  irrevocable  and  require  costly  intervention  plans.  therefore,  the  clinical  utility  of  early  detecting  these  conditions  is  of  substantial  importance  in  order  to  avoid  hospitalization  and  lessen  the  socioeconomic  costs  of  caring,  while  it  may  also  significantly  improve  elderly  peoples  quality  of  life.  this  work  deals  with  a  critical  performance  analysis  of  an  internet  of  things  aware  ambient  assisted  living  aal  system  for  elderly  monitoring.  the  analysis  is  focused  on  three  main  system  components:  i  the  citywide  data  capturing  layer,  ii  the  cloudbased  centralized  data  management
__label__situationalsurveillance repository,  and  iii  the  risk  analysis  and  prediction  module.  each  module  can  provide  different  operating  modes,  therefore  the  critical  analysis  aims  at  defining  which  are  the  best  solutions  according  to  contexts  needs.  the  proposed  system  architecture  is  used  by  the  h2020  city4age  project  to  support  geriatricians  for  the  early  detection  of  mci  and  frailty  conditions.  is  a  researcher  and  project  manager  at  the  deustotechinternet  research  group  at  deusto  foundation.  his  research  interests  include  the  analysis  of  the  behaviour  of  the  users  in  intelligent  environments  and  the  study  of  the  users  activity  and  discourse  on  social  networks.  he  received  a  phd
__label__situationalsurveillance in  computer  science  from  the  university  of  deusto.  is  working  as  a  technical  researcher  at  the  deustotechinternet  research  group  at  deusto  foundation.  he  received  his  bsc  degree  in  computer  engineering  and  intelligent  systems  in  2015  from  university  of  the  basque  country,  spain.  currently  he  is  finishing  his  msc  on  computational  engineering  and  intelligent  systems  and  preparing  his  master  thesis  about  reinforcement  learning.  his  research  interest  includes,  web  of  things,  intelligent  systems  and  machine  learning.  received  the  masters  degree  in  computer  engineering  with  honours  at  the  university  of  salento,  lecce,  italy,  in  2013.  his  thesis  concerned  the  definition  and  implementation  of
__label__situationalsurveillance a  novel  mashup  tool  for  wireless  sensor  networks  configuration.  since  november  2013  he  collaborates  with  ida  lab  identification  automation  laboratory  at  the  department  of  innovation  engineering,  university  of  salento.  his  activity  is  focused  on  the  definition  and  implementation  of  new  mashup  tools  for  managing  smart  environments  based  on  wireless  sensor  networks  and  internet  of  things.  received  the  master  of  arts  degree  in  industrial  design  from  the  belgrade  university  of  arts,  serbia,  in  2001.  he  is  the  research  development  manager  of  belit  ltd.  belgrade,  a  software  development  and  research  sme,  with  almost  two  decades  of  experience  in  development  and  deployment  of
__label__situationalsurveillance largescale  production  software  systems  in  finance,  public  administration,  ehealth,  energy  efficiency,  ip  management  protection,  and  hardware  industrial  products  medical  therapeutic  equipment,  lab  field  instrumentation,  iot  devices,  pos  terminals,  etc..  received  diploma  in  mathematics  from  faculty  of  mathematics  of  the  university  of  belgrade,  serbia,  in  2011  and  phd  in  computer  science  from  imt  lucca,  italy,  in  2017.  she  is  currently  working  as  a  software  developer  and  data  analyst  in  belit  ltd,  belgrade.  her  research  interests  encompass  health  care,  behavioural  and  wellbeing  data  analytics  and  process  reengineering  and  improvement.  received  his  ms  in  computer  engineering  from  university  of  lecce,  lecce,  italy,  in
__label__situationalsurveillance 1999  and  phd  in  innovative  materials  and  technologies  for  satellite  networks  from  isufiuniversity  of  lecce,  italy,  in  2003.  he  is  an  assistant  professor  of  computer  networks  and  internet  of  things  at  the  university  of  salento,  lecce,  italy.  his  research  interests  include  rfid,  iot,  wireless  sensor  networks,  and  embedded  systems.  he  authored  more  than  120  scientific  papers  published  in  international  journals  and  conferences.  he  has  been  organizing  chair  of  some  international  symposia  and  workshops,  technically  cosponsored  by  the  ieee  communication  society,  focused  on  internet  of  things.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.
__label__situationalsurveillance nearly  every  available  surface  in  the  physical  world  is  being  instrumented  with  sensors  streets,  cars,  factories,  power  grids,  ice  caps,  satellites,  clothing,  phones,  microwaves,  milk  containers,  planets,  even  human  bodies.  this  data  is  streaming  in  real  time  and  will  require  companies  to  select  an  iot  data  platform  architecture  that  is  resilient,  scalable  and  extensible  enough  to  handle  these  new  workloads.  if  businesses  can  properly  harness  all  of  this  data,  they  can  gain  realtime  insights,  accelerate  decisionmaking,  perform  automated  tasks,  and  create  value  by  enabling  organizations  to  become  datadriven.  tracking  battery  performance,  turbine  production,  package  delivery  status  and  generally  visually  monitoring
__label__situationalsurveillance sensor  data  provides  incredible  capabilities  to  the  business  and  their  customers.  this  is  usually  the  first  step  in  any  successful  iot  project.  using  historical  data  from  sensors  to  gain  insights  that  can  be  applied  to  the  current  situation  creates  a  major  competitive  advantage.  predictive  maintenance,  optimized  traffic  routing,  reduced  churn  management,  and  enhanced  water  conservation  are  all  possible  with  iot  analytics.  with  the  speed  and  velocity  of  events  being  generated  by  sensors,  businesses  want  to  act  on  this  data  in  real  time  with  no  human  interaction.  for  example,  automatically  shutting  down  a  pump  if  a  leak  is  detected,  or  changing
__label__situationalsurveillance wind  turbine  direction  based  on  wind  speed,  all  create  an  immediate  business  advantage.  tado  uses  influxdb  cloud  to  provide  analytics  from  its  hundreds  of  thousands  of  sensors  units  across  the  globe.  they  use  this  data  to  power  their  smartphone  apps  helping  customers  understand  energy  usage  and  generate  energy  savings.  tado  uses  influxdb  cloud  to  provide  analytics  from  its  hundreds  of  thousands  of  sensors  units  across  the  globe.  they  use  this  data  to  power  their  smartphone  apps  helping  customers  understand  energy  usage  and  generate  energy  savings.  spiio  chose  influxdata  to  be  its  iot  data  platform.  spiio  uses  sensors  to  understand  plant
__label__situationalsurveillance performance  for  optimal  green  wall  growth  and  maintenance  from  data.  influxdata  provided  the  scalability  and  ease  of  use  needed  for  fast  deployment.  spiio  chose  influxdata  to  be  its  iot  data  platform.  spiio  uses  sensors  to  understand  plant  performance  for  optimal  green  wall  growth  and  maintenance  from  data.  influxdata  provided  the  scalability  and  ease  of  use  needed  for  fast  deployment.  bboxx  uses  influxdata  as  its  iot  data  platform,  to  continuously  monitor  their  geographically  dispersed  85,000  solar  units.  they  use  this  data  to  provide  predictive  maintenance  and  are  becoming  a  datadriven  organization.  bboxx  uses  influxdata  as  its  iot  data  platform,  to  continuously
__label__situationalsurveillance monitor  their  geographically  dispersed  85,000  solar  units.  they  use  this  data  to  provide  predictive  maintenance  and  are  becoming  a  datadriven  organization.  799  market  street,  suite  400  san  francisco,  ca  94103  get  in  touch:  track  and  graph  your  aerospike  node  statistics  as  well  as  statistics  for  all  of  the  configured  namespaces.  knowing  how  well  your  webserver  is  handling  your  traffic  helps  you  build  great  experiences  for  your  users.  collect  server  statistics  to  maintain  exceptional  performance.  collect  and  track  all  metrics  from  each  of  your  cassandra  servers.  collect  and  graph  performance  metrics  from  the  mon  and  osd  nodes  in  a  ceph  storage
__label__situationalsurveillance cluster.  collect  and  graph  statistics  from  amazon  cloudwatch.  collect  and  graph  health  check  statistics  that  are  reported  by  consul.  collect  and  graph  your  statistics  from  your  couchbase  activity.  collect  and  graph  your  statistics  from  your  couchdb  activity.  collect  and  graph  metrics  on  your  running  docker  containers.  use  the  dovecot  stats  protocol  to  collect  and  graph  metrics  on  configured  domains.  use  this  plugin  to  gather  health  statistics  of  elasticsearch  clusters.  collect  data  from  remote  graylog  service  urls.  easily  monitor  and  track  key  web  server  performance  metrics  from  any  running  haproxy  instance.  the  kafka  plugin  polls  a  specified  kafka  topic  and  adds
__label__situationalsurveillance messages  to  influxdb.  gather  metrics  about  the  running  kubernetes  pods  and  containers  for  a  single  host.  gathers  statistics  about  your  leofs  server  cluster.  collect  and  graph  your  lustre  file  system.  collect  metrics  from  your  mailchimp  campaigns  with  influxdata.  collect  metrics  from  your  memcached  inmemory  keyvalue  store.  collect  and  act  on  a  set  of  mesos  statistics  and  metrics  that  enable  you  to  monitor  resource  usage  and  detect  abnormal  situations  early.  collect  and  graph  statistics  from  your  mongodb  database  to  keep  it  performant.  gather  and  graph  metrics  from  this  simple  and  lightweight  messaging  protocol  ideal  for  iot  devices.  collect  and  graph  statistics
__label__situationalsurveillance from  your  mysql  database  to  keep  it  performant.  collect  and  graph  statistics  from  specified  nats  subjects.  monitor  and  track  web  server  performance  with  this  nginx  plugin.  collect  statistics  about  message  delivery.  gather  phusion  passenger  stats  to  securely  operate  web  apps,  microservices  apis  with  outstanding  reliability,  performance  and  control.  gather  phpfpm  statistics  to  track  performance.  monitor  and  track  your  postgresql  metrics  to  manage  performance.  gather  metrics  about  powerdns.  the  prometheus  plugin  gathers  metrics  from  any  webpage  exposing  metrics  with  prometheus  format.  monitor  the  status  of  the  puppet  server  the  success  or  failure  of  actual  puppet  runs  on  the  end  nodes  themselves.
__label__situationalsurveillance gathers  statistics  from  your  rabbitmq  cluster.  gather  realtime  metrics  from  your  redis  data  structure  store.  monitor  and  track  your  rethinkdb  metrics  to  manage  performance.  the  riak  plugin  gathers  metrics  from  one  or  more  riak  instances.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  security  and  surveillance  industry  is  changing,  and  solutions  have  moved  far  past  basic  alarm  monitoring.  live  video  surveillance  and  other  remote  security  features  have  increased  visibility  for  organizations  that  want  to  safeguard  their  people,  assets,  and  buildings.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  helping  create  safer  cities,  homes,  and  businesses  by  enabling  both  private  and  public  organizations  to  securely  and  remotely  monitor  facilities  and  public  spaces  in  realtime  with  smart  security  and  surveillance  solutions.  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside  out.  hit  enter  to  search  or  esc  to  close  knowledge  base  download  zone
__label__situationalsurveillance with  this  growth  comes  many  challenges,  not  least  how  do  we  ensure  these  devices  are  secure?  yet  at  the  same  time  enabling  these  iot  devices  to  connect  with  services  in  a  robust  and  automated  way  which  doesnt  stifle  or  impact  the  growth  of  the  market.  traditional  pki  orientated  architectures  are  too  heavy  weight  and  cumbersome  for  a  lot  of  iot  type  applications  for  today  and  future  products.  for  iot  applications  we  need  to  have  ways  to  secure  products  which  meet  the  needs  of  each  application  in  a  way  which  suits  the  iot  markets.  a  recently  observed  trend  is  that  customers
__label__situationalsurveillance are  starting  to  become  aware  that  they  need  to  take  control  of  their  own  security  posture,  moving  away  from  an  approach  which  lets  the  manufacturer  control  it,  to  one  which  focusses  on  the  customers  device  and  platform  requirements.  customers  want  to  choose  how  the  protect  their  businesses,  ip  and  supply  chain  by  creating  their  own  individual  security  posture  and  avoiding  using  existing  methods  of  using  default  passwords,  which  is  not  an  acceptable  or  a  secure  option.  this  blog  series  aims  to  cover  a  range  of  topics  trying  to  identify  the  key  issues,  building  out  some  ideas  on  how  we  might
__label__situationalsurveillance address  some  of  the  issues  which  seem  pertinent  to  addressing  security  in  iot.  the  main  topics  covered  will  include:  the  first  instalment  for  this  blog  seeks  to  cover  the  current  hot  topic  of  ddos  and  the  use  of  cameras  to  wreak  havoc  on  online  services  and  how  we  then  might  be  able  to  protect  against  these  attacks.  distributed  denial  of  service  ddos  has  been  used  for  many  cyberattacks  over  the  past  decade  or  so,  and  the  recent  attacks  are  no  different  in  the  way  they  have  been  used  to  create  havoc  on  some  very  well  know  services.  what  is  alarming
__label__situationalsurveillance with  these  latest  round  of  attacks  is  how  they  have  been  used  at  a  large  scale  to  bring  down  these  services.  a  significant  number  of  security  professionals  are  warning  that  the  lack  of  security  in  the  iot  will  make  it  attractive  for  attackers  to  target.  this  is  particularly  worrisome,  as  the  predictions  for  growth  of  the  iot  market  is  very  large,  which  opens  the  ground  for  potentially  huge  attacks  which  could  impact  critical  services.  ddos  attacks  are  orchestrated  by  a  hacker  gaining  access  to  unsecure  devices  and  then  introducing  malware  into  these  devices  without  the  knowledge  of  the  device  owner.
__label__situationalsurveillance these  devices  are  then  used  as  a  zombie  army  /  botnet  collection  of  compromised  computers  often  referred  to  as  zombies  to  attack  under  the  control  of  the  attacker  specific  services  and  websites.  each  malicious  attack  is  aimed  at  denying  services  to  users  and  overloading  the  service.  the  most  recent  ddos  attacks  use  internet  connected  cameras  to  form  an  army  of  zombie  devices,  these  devices  were  then  used  to  .  over  145,000  devices  were  used  in  the  ovh  attack  and  generated  up  to  1.1  tera  bits  per  second  of  data  traffic  similar  attacks  were  recently  inflicted  on  ,  with  a  reported
__label__situationalsurveillance attack  from  100,000  end  devices  that  took  out  twitter,  amazon  and  others  for  many  users.  this  ddos  attack  along  with  several  other  recent  attacks  were  started  by  attackers  connecting  to  each  camera  device  usually  via  ssh  or  a  telnet  session  and  then  infecting  them  with  a  simple  program  that  guessed  at  their  factoryset  passwords,  often  admin  or  password.  once  infected,  these  devices  were  turned  into  an  army  of  simple  robots.  one  way  to  make  these  ddos  type  attacks  harder  is  to  ensure  each  device  in  this  case  cameras  uses  a  more  robust  username  and  password.  if  each  device  or  a
__label__situationalsurveillance group  of  devices  had  different  usernames  and  passwords,  then  gaining  entry  to  vast  swathe  of  devices  would  be  more  difficult.  so,  how  do  we  improve  our  security  posture  to  reduce  the  risksagainst  ddos?  one  way  is  to  move  away  from  using  default  passwords  for  all  products  for  the  lifetime  of  the  product.  an  additional  idea  is  to  have  an  integrity  validation  mechanism  in  your  product  which  allows  you  to  detect  malware  infecting  the  device  and  then  preventing  the  effected  devices  from  gaining  access  to  a  network.  the  latter  can  be  achieved  by  using  device  authoritys  platform  which  the  designer  would
__label__situationalsurveillance install  onto  the  iot  device.  each  device  basically  gets  given  a  unique  digital  dna.  this  could  include  the  makeup  of  the  firmware  on  the  device,  hardware  configuration  and  many  other  parameters.  this  dna  is  then  used  when  connecting  devices  securely  keyscaler  and  forms  the  basis  of  a  trust  anchor  for  the  device.  keyscaler  would  identify  a  change  to  the  software  on  the  device  when  the  device  tries  to  register.  keyscaler  would  then  quarantine  the  device  and  raise  an  alert/event  which  could  then  be  used  to  disable  the  devices  network  connectivity  in  some  way  i.e.  blacklist  a  device  from  gaining  access
__label__situationalsurveillance to  a  cellular  network  and  preventing  the  device  from  carrying  out  a  ddos  style  attack.  in  a  futureproduct  release  of  our  keyscaler  platform  we  will  be  introducing  an  automated  admin  password  management  function  to  securely  rotate  /  renew  username  and  passwords  remotely  for  specific  users  and  user  groups.  this  will  address  the  problem  of  updating  passwords  and  usernames  on  the  fly  to  mitigate  potential  hacks.  the  next  blog  in  this  series  will  discuss  automated  device  owner  certificate  provisioning.  which  can  speed  up  delivery  of  standard  signed  certificates  in  a  pki  model  to  devices  such  as  .  this  can  bring  down
__label__situationalsurveillance your  production  costs  and  improve  speed  up  your  deployment.  check  out  our  solutions.  make  sure  you  for  our  next  webinar:  .  our  mission  news  blog  events  contact  us  read  our  terms  conditions  this  site  is  protected  iot  security  foundation  2019
__label__situationalsurveillance soluciones  para  todos  los  productos  y  pruebas  todas  las  soluciones  small  business  seguridad  de  iot  visibilidad  e  investigacin  centralizados  inteligencia  global  sobre  amenazas  connected  threat  defense  soluciones  para  todos  los  productos  y  pruebas  todas  las  soluciones  small  business  seguridad  de  iot  visibilidad  e  investigacin  centralizados  inteligencia  global  sobre  amenazas  connected  threat  defense  investigacin  e  informes  lv,  8:0017:00  cst  by  jeffrey  cheng  trend  micro  iot  security  the  security  for  devices  connected  to  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  been  a  hot  topic,  and  internet  protocol  ip  surveillance  cameras,  in  particular,  have  been  the  subject  of  growing  scrutiny.  ip  cameras  have  become
__label__situationalsurveillance a  top  target  for  hackers  because  of  their  relatively  high  computing  power  and  good  internet  traffic  throughput.  a  case  in  point  was  the  incident  toward  the  end  of  2016  where  a  linuxbased  botnet  called  was  used  to  facilitate  the  distributed  denialofservice  ddos  attack  in  history.  as  a  result,  packet  flow  experienced  of  up  to  50  times  higher  than  its  normal  volume,  with  internet  traffic  estimated  at  a  record  high  of  1.2  tbps.  the  traffic  was  triggered  by  remote  commands,  and  the  hijacked  devices  were  primarily  ip  surveillance  cameras.  multiple  variants  of  mirailike  malware  have  since  to  further  take  advantage  of
__label__situationalsurveillance vulnerable  ip  surveillance  cameras.  rightfully,  cybersecurity  is  now  becoming  a  major  consideration  for  ip  surveillance  devices,  with  ,  for  instance,  already  at  work  on  to  elevate  cybersecurity  implementation.  it  is  becoming  a  new  decisive  factor  in  the  market  of  ip  surveillance  cameras.  one  of  the  major  motivations  for  hacking  iot  devices  is  financial  gain.  and  when  it  comes  to  monetization,  ip  surveillance  cameras  are  distinct  targets  for  the  following  reasons:  constant  connectivity.  low  hacking  investment.  lack  of  supervision.  high  performance.  high  internetfacing  bandwidth.  the  typical  attack  chain  around  ip  surveillance  cameras  consists  of  the  following  steps.  1.  initial  infection  .
__label__situationalsurveillance 2.  nd  control  .  3.  propagation  .  most  home  ip  cameras  offered  in  the  traditional,  doityourself  diy  consumer  market  are  connected  directly  to  the  internet.  this  means  that  home  ip  cameras  are  exposed  to  the  internet  at  a  very  similar  level  as  personal  computers  in  homes,  but  lacking  the  user  capability  to  install  security  software.  although  home  ip  cameras  amount  to  only  a  small  portion  of  all  installed  devices,  they  make  up  a  fastgrowing  market  because  of  their  increasing  affordability  and  accessibility  to  the  general  public.  on  the  other  hand,  many  people  claim  that  ip  cameras  are  not  exposed  to
__label__situationalsurveillance that  level  of  risk  because  most  products  are  usually  designed  for  enterprises,  which  basically  deploy  ip  cameras  in  local  area  networks  and  make  them  unsearchable  on  the  internet.  this  claim  may  hold  true,  but  it  may  overlook  several  realworld  factors:  hooking  up  ip  cameras  to  the  internet  at  large  is  a  clear  trend.  given  the  of  ip  cameras  deployed  globally,  a  small  portion  of  ip  cameras  that  expose  themselves  on  the  public  domain  can  serve  as  a  great  incentive  for  hackers.  another  thing  to  consider  is  how  network  isolation  is  one  of  the  frequently  mentioned  approaches  for  cybersecurity.  being  in
__label__situationalsurveillance a  local  area  network,  though,  does  not  guarantee  the  protection  of  ip  cameras  against  hacking.  for  one  thing,  welldesigned  malware  can  easily  spread  across  the  local  area  network,  and  any  portable  device  brought  into  the  same  local  area  network  can  easily  turn  into  an  infection  vector.  take  the  infamous  mirai  botnet  as  an  example:  a  windowsbased  trojan  plays  an  important  role  to  distribute  it,  even  though  the  targets  are  ip  cameras  that  run  on  linux.  a  complete  functionality  offered  by  an  ip  camera  often  consists  of  the  camera  itself,  the  network  capability,  and  the  cloud  services.  to  offer  a  secure
__label__situationalsurveillance product,  manufacturers  need  to  implement  security  strategies  in  an  overarching  approach  from  the  device  to  the  cloud:  1.  p  camera  hardware.  since  finding  a  system  vulnerability  is  one  of  the  most  critical  factors  for  hackers  to  penetrate  into  an  ip  camera,  leading  manufacturers  in  the  industry  pay  close  attention  to  monitoring  the  firmware  and  patching  the  vulnerable  system  components  of  products.  however,  to  raise  the  bar  on  security,  further  enhancements  can  be  applied,  such  as:  2.  networking.  deploying  ip  cameras  within  a  closed  network  is  already  a  highly  adopted  mechanism  to  ensure  a  better  level  of  security.  virtual  private  networks
__label__situationalsurveillance vpns  can  be  used  to  enable  remote  access  with  a  secure  connection.  other  networkrelated  security  implementations  include:  cloud.  as  with  other  iot  devices,  there  are  a  lot  of  moving  parts  in  a  complete  ip  camerabased  application.  accordingly,  no  one  could  and  should  be  held  solely  responsible  in  the  event  of  a  security  incident.  from  a  cybersecurity  standpoint,  we  believe  everyone  plays  a  role  in  making  security  fully  realized.  the  traditional  business  model  for  an  ip  surveillance  system  is  a  onetime  payment.  in  a  diy  market,  the  end  users  simply  purchase  the  ip  cameras  and  install  them  in  the  existing  network
__label__situationalsurveillance environment.  more  complicated  cases  will  introduce  system  integrators,  who  basically  handle  everything  for  the  users,  including  selecting  the  right  hardware,  fixing  them  at  desired  locations,  wiring  them  to  outgoing  routers,  and  setting  up  the  network.  its  also  a  onetime  payment  if  the  maintenance  contract  is  not  figured  in.  as  more  parties  are  trying  to  monetize  on  the  basis  of  ip  surveillance  services,  many  different  business  models  crop  up  to  fulfill  different  needs.  surveillance  service  providers  now  charge  users  monthly  fees  instead  of  a  onetime  payment,  and  so  do  internet  service  providers  isps.  new  players  in  this  business  not  only  provide
__label__situationalsurveillance video  surveillance  systems  for  users,  but  also  offer  valueadded  services  such  as  cloud  recording  and  all  sorts  of  smart  features.  to  this  point,  the  lines  between  the  involved  parties  in  this  industry  are  getting  blurred.  for  example,  nest  is  not  only  the  manufacturer  of  the  nest  cam  security  camera,  but  its  also  the  service  provider  that  facilitates  the  associated  cloud  recording  service.  regardless  of  all  the  working  components  in  the  industry,  there  are  groups  of  people  and  entities  that  play  critical  roles  in  the  cybersecurity  of  surveillance  systems:  device  manufacturers.  service  providers.  system  integrators.  end  users.  identifying  the  roles  and
__label__situationalsurveillance responsibilities  for  security  is  not  a  matter  of  knowing  who  one  is  but  rather  a  matter  of  knowing  what  one  does  .  in  a  diy  market,  the  home  user  also  plays  the  role  of  a  system  integrator.  in  the  same  manner,  the  ip  camera  vendor  not  only  plays  the  device  manufacturer  role  but  also  the  service  provider  role  since  all  the  apps  and  cloud  services  are  also  developed  and  maintained  by  the  vendor  itself.  in  all  scenarios  that  we  can  think  of,  we  find  it  easy  to  communicate  security  accountability  and  responsibility  by  mapping  an  involved  entity  into  any  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  four  aforementioned  roles.  security  is  a  common  issue  for  manufacturers  of  internetconnected  devices  and  ip  camera  hardware  manufacturers  are  no  exception.  to  be  sure,  the  more  cybersecurity  implementations  are  added,  the  more  obvious  the  increase  in  cost  will  be  from  the  bill  of  material  bom  list.  on  the  other  hand,  since  cybersecurity  is  now  a  topic  with  high  awareness  in  the  industry  and  even  among  end  users,  ip  camera  manufacturers  can  also  take  this  opportunity  to  create  unique  value  in  the  market  instead  of  pursuing  an  endless  price  war.  cybersecurity  implementations  can  also  be  used  to  put  forth  decisive
__label__situationalsurveillance factors  for  requests  for  quotations  rfqs,  especially  those  from  public  domains,  now  that  cybersecurity  has  attracted  further  government  scrutiny.  for  service  providers  or  system  integrators,  this  cost  issue  may  become  less  critical  because  security  implementations  can  be  an  optional  item  and  can  be  transferred  to  the  monthly  bill  of  the  end  users  who  really  care  about  such  matters.  complexity  is  another  form  of  cost  for  better  cybersecurity.  the  easiest  way  to  get  everything  set  up  is  always  the  cheapest  and  the  most  unsecure  one.  trading  ease  of  use  for  cybersecurity  is  common  sense  among  it  experts  but  not  for  general
__label__situationalsurveillance users.  for  example,  if  a  surveillance  system  is  to  allow  remote  access  over  the  internet,  the  adoption  of  vpns  is  often  on  the  list  of  top  suggestions  for  security.  however,  accessing  a  device  with  a  vpn  is  not  a  common  practice  among  general  users,  especially  smartphone  users.  the  neverending  debate  between  the  costs  and  the  benefits  of  cybersecurity  can  only  be  expected  to  keep  on,  with  companies,  no  matter  the  size,  continuing  to  weigh  all  the  contributing  factors  to  their  iot  implementations  while  striving  to  maintain  functionality  and  security.  although  classified  as  iot  products,  ip  cameras  had  already  been  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  market  even  before  the  term  internet  of  things  or  iot  was  coined.  but  in  spite  of  the  market  maturity  of  ip  cameras,  the  cybersecurity  concerns  surrounding  them  are  still  a  big  challenge  for  the  entire  industry.  as  with  other  iot  devices  and  services,  the  information  flow  for  ip  cameras  is  a  long  chain  and  malicious  attacks  can  surface  anywhere.  companies  that  monetize  on  iotrelated  businesses  have  developed  awareness  of  cloud  security  for  quite  some  time  as  well  as  the  cybersecurity  matters  on  the  network  connection.  the  lack  of  sufficient  cybersecurity  implementations  in  devices  is  the  next  thing  to  tackle,
__label__situationalsurveillance not  only  for  the  ip  surveillance  industry  but  for  all  iotbased  businesses.  a  world  where  everything  is  connected  may  look  great,  but  only  with  would  this  connected  world  be  as  secure  as  it  is  smart.  1.  click  on  the  box  below.  2.  press  ctrla  to  select  all.  3.  press  ctrlc  to  copy.  4.  paste  the  code  into  your  page  ctrlv.  image  will  appear  the  same  size  as  you  see  above.  cybersecurity  in  2020  will  be  viewed  through  many  lenses  from  differing  attacker  motivations  and  cybercriminal  arsenal  to  technological  developments  and  global  threat  intelligence  only  so  defenders  can  keep  up  with
__label__situationalsurveillance the  broad  range  of  threats.  our  midyear  security  roundup  highlights  threats  that  made  their  mark  in  the  first  half  of  2019,  and  provides  security  insights  to  help  users  and  organizations  determine  the  right  solutions  and  defense  strategies  against  them.
__label__situationalsurveillance openow  from  smartair  wireless  access  control  vanderbilt  bluetooth  low  energy  readers  dahua  fixedfocal  dome  network  camera  vanderbilts  spc  connect  helps  monitor  buildings  for  odense  council,  denmark  arecont  vision  cameras  utilised  for  city  surveillance  in  mankato,  minnesota  cliq  access  control  solution:  securing  south  staffs  water  dahua  delivers  cameras,  monitors  and  switches  for  surveillance  of  city  center  in  lincoln  biometrics  for  government  and  law  enforcement  2020  financial  institutions  require  futureready  physical  security  technologies  h.265  high  efficiency  coding:  video  compression  for  security  applications  how  to  overcome  the  storage  challenges  of  adopting  surveillance  ai  physical  security  supports  a  futureproof  cyber  security  strategy  this  article
__label__situationalsurveillance by  keith  jernigan  sr.,  general  manager  states  the  enormous  impact  of  smart  surveillance  on  various  sectors.  highlighting  the  changing  trends  of  video  surveillance,  keith  talks  about  the  several  benefits  of  iot.  he  mentions  that  the  new  era  will  see  video  surveillance  companies  as  more  than  just  video  sellers.  to  summarize,  iot  is  forecasted  to  conjure  up  businesses  offerings,  reduce  costs  and  hazards,  create  jobs  and  opportunities,  thus  leading  to  robust  results.  everyone  is  talking  about  the  ,  a  trendy  area  of  tech  that  is  fairly  new  and  growing  exponentially.  according  to  some  estimates,  the  internet  of  things  will  connect  50
__label__situationalsurveillance billion  devices  not  including  pcs,  smartphones  and  tablets  by  2020  will  get  connected  every  second.  also,  the  global  economic  value  of  iot  will  by  2020.  these  figures  have  gotten  everyone  interested,  including  big  players  like  ibm,  which  has  recently  invested  division.  so  what  is  the  significance  for  the  video  surveillance  and  security  sector?  the  internet  of  things  is  likely  to  have  a  tremendous  impact,  as  all  types  of  organizations  will  look  to  connect  their  devices,  enhance  security  and  create  smart  surveillance  solutions.  for  many  years,  the  focus  within  the  video  surveillance  industry  has  been  to  connect  most  systems  to  internet
__label__situationalsurveillance protocol  ip  based  networks.  the  next  phase,  machinetomachine  m2m  as  we  call  it,  managed  to  create  a  connected  devicebased  industry,  and  ip  video  surveillance  systems  perfectly  integrated  into  that.  typical  m2m  successful  examples  would  be  gps  tracking  solutions  and  remote  asset  fixed  or  monitoring,  to  name  a  few.  the  result  of  these  migrations  was  a  huge  amount  of  data  that  businesses  had  to  manage.  with  the  recent  improvements  in  network  like  lte  high  speed  connections,  cloud  technology  and  readily  available  optics  backbone,  the  internet  of  things  iot  came  into  play.  iot  brings  a  holistic  approach  to  the  table  where  connected
__label__situationalsurveillance systems  and  generated  data  are  locally,  or  in  the  cloud,  returning  to  decision  makers  the  information  they  need,  when  they  need  it  and  in  a  fully  customisable  and  easytoread  interface.  for  example,  in  the  mining  industry,  the  technology  can  optimize  operations  and  reduce  risk.  it  can  be  used  to  monitor  operations  and  videos,  estimate  the  traffic  going  in  the  mines,  and  help  with  subsystems  management.  advanced  video  surveillance  solutions,  powered  by  the  internet  of  things,  can  be  used  to  read  sensors  and  integrate  with  them.  thus,  iot  can  provide  an  array  of  connected  sensors  to  businesses,  which  will  help  reduce
__label__situationalsurveillance the  points  of  failure.  with  the  deployment  of  iot,  1025  of  operating  costs  can  be  reduced,  like  those  associated  with  people  and  vehicle  counting,  and  temperature  and  gas  sensing.  advanced  video  surveillance  solutions,  powered  by  the  internet  of  things,  can  be  used  to  read  sensors  and  integrate  with  them  iot  can  also  help  in  the  reduction  of  costs  involved  in  the  special  care  that  has  to  be  taken  with  monitoring  and  managing  operations  around  inflammable  gases.  with  smart  surveillance  and  sensing  systems,  cameras  can  be  programmed  to  trigger  notifications.  this  can  help  businesses  be  better  prepared  and  allocate  resources  strategically.
__label__situationalsurveillance another  direct  application  would  be  to  help  with  managing  the  airflow  in  mines.  there  is  also  a  risk  of  loss  of  lives,  when  it  comes  to  mining  operations,  and  this  can  be  prevented  with  smart  sensor  systems.  connected  sensing  systems  and  smart  video  surveillance  support  with  a  predictive  analytics  component  can  help  businesses  predict  hazards  and  take  corrective  actions  in  real  time.  another  industry  that  can  benefit  greatly  from  iot  is  aviation.  an  airbus  a3801000,  expected  to  be  ready  in  2020,  will  have  10,000  sensors  per  wing.  an  aircraft  of  this  size  is  estimated  to  generate  8  terabytes  of  data
__label__situationalsurveillance per  day,  which  can  be  gathered  and  .  also,  the  aviation  sector  sees  35  million  departures  per  year  and,  while  there  is  surveillance  data,  nobody  is  analyzing  these  sensors.  so,  the  opportunity  in  the  aviation  industry  is  huge.  security  vulnerabilities  are  a  major  cause  of  concern  for  this  industry,  and  this  is  where  a  smart  video  surveillance  and  sensory  system  can  be  helpful.  by  analyzing  connected  sensors  and  learning  from  the  vast  amounts  of  data  generated,  air  travel  can  be  made  safer.  iot  can  also  help  in  the  reduction  of  costs  involved  in  the  special  care  that  has  to  be
__label__situationalsurveillance taken  with  monitoring  and  managing  operations  around  inflammable  gases  the  internet  of  things  helps  businesses  beyond  video  surveillance  and  security  solutions,  e.g.  in  operations,  monitoring  and  even  corporate  initiatives  such  as  marketing  and  advertising.  banks  are  today  able  to  use  smart  iotenabled  video  surveillance  solutions  for  analytics,  targeted  marketing  and  to  better  optimize  branch  operations.  the  retail  sector  will  be  able  to  improve  supplychain,  inventory,  logistics  and  fleet  management.  the  iotintegratedvideo  surveillance  systems  can  also  help  the  healthcare  sector,  by  optimising  hospital  process  flows  and  improving  the  quality  of  emergency  services  while  reducing  the  patients  length  of  stay.  the  new
__label__situationalsurveillance wave  of  connected  systems  will  help  businesses  across  different  industries  with  smarter  project  management.  unlike  the  past,  when  video  surveillance  systems  offered  a  tactical  solution  to  businesses  and  were  a  capital  expense,  iot  will  lend  intelligence  and  strategic  support.  in  order  to  manage  these  smart  surveillance  systems,  experts  are  and  will  be  needed.  organizations  will  need  to  train  and  hire  experts  that  can  bridge  the  current  business  model  from  one  of  physical  security  to  that  of  holistic  iot  security.  highly  skilled  professionals  will  have  to  manage  these  ip  networked  systems,  understand  their  benefits  and  inherent  risks  and  deploy  iot  systems
__label__situationalsurveillance that  enhance  and  dont  compromise  on  the  physical  security  component,  cpted  principles,  etc.  with  the  addition  of  these  experts,  businesses  can  scale  their  offerings  and  achieve  better  growth  than  ever  before.  video  surveillance  is  a  resource  intensive  process.  if  the  industry  can  leverage  the  internet  of  things  correctly,  it  will  create  a  great  space  for  itself  in  the  market.  before  iot,  video  surveillance  offered  functional  support.  with  an  integration  of  iot  and  video  surveillance,  solutions  will  be  able  to  help  with  complex  tasks  like  operations  management,  predictive  maintenance,  risk  reduction,  cost  reduction  and  conflict  management.  the  internet  of  things  will
__label__situationalsurveillance ensure  that  video  surveillance  companies  are  not  limited  to  only  selling  video  security  cameras.  with  the  intense  migration  to  ip  and  a  smooth  adoption  of  iot,  physical  security  as  an  independent  business  component  could  become  obsolete.  the  era  of  smart  surveillance  is  almost  here,  and  corporations  should  be  prepared  to  make  the  best  of  it.  m73  the  first  mobotix  camera  with  3  modules  mobotix  highlights  enhanced  security  features  of  its  mobotix  7  platform  introducing  vicons  valerus  vms  version  20  cloud  applications  are  an  everyday  facet  of  business  these  days,  exemplified  by  systems  such  as  office  365,  salesforce.com  and  dropbox.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance physical  security  market  is  also  embracing  the  cloud  after  overcoming  some  initial  concerns  and  thanks  to  improvements  in  cloud  offerings.  we  asked  this  weeks  expert  panel  roundtable:  which  security  markets  are  likely  to  embrace  the  cloud?  video  surveillance  is  commonly  associated  with  security.  but  in  most  cases,  its  used  to  record  incidents  and  assist  in  investigations  after  the  fact  rather  than  prevent  undesirable  events.  artificial  intelligencepowered  video  analytics  is  a  highly  promising  trend  that  fundamentally  changes  the  way  things  work.  extracting  manageable  data  from  a  video  stream  can  help  recognize  risky  situations  early  on,  minimizing  damage  and,  ideally,  completely  avoid
__label__situationalsurveillance emergencies.  at  the  same  time,  ai  significantly  expands  the  areas  of  application  of  video  surveillance  beyond  security  systems.ai  significantly  expands  the  areas  of  application  of  video  surveillance  beyond  security  systemshowever,  the  hype  around  this  new,  trendy  technology  prevents  the  potential  user  from  choosing  quality  solutions  in  a  wide  variety  of  products.  this  often  leads  to  overexpectation,  followed  by  a  complete  letdown.  can  aipowered  video  analytics  really  be  the  key  to  a  technological  breakthrough  in  video  surveillance?  well  take  a  look  at  what  the  technology  can  do,  what  it  cant,  and  where  it  can  go  from  here.technological  breakthrough  or  just  another
__label__situationalsurveillance bubble?its  often  said  that  the  video  management  software  vms  market  is  becoming  increasingly  commoditized  and  widely  available.  a  lot  of  products  with  similar  features  or,  at  least,  similar  promises  from  the  manufacturer  make  it  hard  to  choose.  as  a  result,  vendor  names  and  reputations  are  turning  into  one  of  their  primary  selling  points.  manufacturers  have  two  choices  available:  get  wrapped  up  in  a  price  war  and  rely  on  cutting  expenses,  or  offer  a  product  thats  truly  innovative  and  revolutionary.manufacturers  have  two  choices  available:  get  wrapped  up  in  a  price  war,  or  offer  a  product  thats  truly  innovative  and  revolutionaryvms  developers
__label__situationalsurveillance who  choose  the  second  route  are  gravitating  towards  creating  products  that  use  artificial  intelligence  based  on  neural  networks  and  deep  learning.  emerging  two  or  three  years  ago,  the  ai  video  analytics  market  is  experiencing  a  boom  in  growth.  this  new  tech  wave  has  stirred  the  still,  stagnant  backwaters  of  the  vms  world  and  gave  small,  ambitious  developers  something  to  be  optimistic  about.  it  seems  they  now  have  a  chance  to  emerge  as  market  leaders  in  the  next  few  years.however,  the  hype  around  this  popular  trend  is  raising  reasonable  concerns  among  experienced  security  industry  professionals.  these  concerns  come  from  clients  looking
__label__situationalsurveillance for  a  solution  to  their  problems,  and  from  suppliers  building  a  longterm  development  strategy.  this  largely  resembles  another  tech  bubble,  like  the  one  built  up  around  preai  video  analytics  and  burst  when  it  became  clear  that  the  sensational  promises  around  it  were  pure  marketing  hype  and  rather  unscrupulously  so.  however,  there  are  a  lot  of  factors  that  indicate  that  aipowered  video  surveillance  systems  arent  another  bubble.the  three  factorsthe  first  and  the  main  one  comes  from  systems  already  in  place  on  customers  sites.  they  fulfill  the  same  promises  made  during  the  previous  bubble  by  hotheads  in  a  rush  to  teach  the
__label__situationalsurveillance computer  to  analyze  events  in  real  time  using  a  classical  algorithmic  approach.the  second  is  the  fact  that  this  new  technology  has  seen  investment  from  not  only  software  and  cloud  startups,  but  also  established  vms  developers.  even  giants  like  intel,  which  has  presented  a  full  line  of  neural  network  accelerator  hardware  and  a  set  of  software  tools  that  streamlines  working  with  them,  specifically  in  the  field  of  computer  vision.this  new  technology  has  seen  investment  from  not  only  software  and  cloud  startups,  but  also  established  vms  developersthe  third  factor  lies  in  artificial  intelligences  abilities.  ai  plays  chess,  drives  cars,  and  works  wonders
__label__situationalsurveillance in  many  other  fields.  why  shouldnt  it  be  applied  to  video  monitoring  and  analysis?what  ai  can  dojust  what  can  artificial  intelligence  do  in  video  surveillance  systems  at  this  stage  of  development?  it  cant  quite  analyze  a  sequence  of  events  and  understand  the  logic  of  whats  happening  in  the  cameras  field  of  view.  at  least  not  yet.  but  its  probable  that  ai  will  learn  to  do  this  in  the  next  few  years.  but  neural  network  analytics  can  already  detect,  classify,  and  track  objects  very  well,  providing  high  accuracy  even  in  busy  scenes.artificial  intelligence  can  be  used  in  the  real  world  to:detect
__label__situationalsurveillance smoke  and  flames  for  early  fire  warning  at  open  areas  forest,  open  warehouse,  parking  lot,  etc.;distinguish  people/vehicles  from  animals  and  other  moving  objects,  e.g.  to  protect  the  perimeter  of  a  nature  park  from  poachers;distinguish  a  person  in  a  helmet  and  protective  clothing  from  a  person  without  them  to  prevent  accidents  at  a  dangerous  production  facility  or  construction  site;count  objects  of  a  specific  type,  e.g.  cars  in  a  parking  lot,  people  in  the  sales  floor,  wares  moving  on  a  conveyor  belt,  etc.  in  nonsecurityrelated  solutions.those  are  just  a  few  examples.  after  training  a  neural  network,  it  can  tackle  other,  similar  tasks,
__label__situationalsurveillance too.  generally,  a  neural  network  trained  in  specific  conditions  isnt  replicable.  in  other  words,  it  wont  work  as  well  under  different  conditions.  on  the  other  hand,  developers  have  learned  how  to  quickly  train  ai  for  the  needs  of  a  specific  project.  the  most  important  requirement  is  having  enough  video  footage.somewhat  apart  from  that  is  the  use  of  neural  networks  in  facial  and  automatic  numberplate  recognition.  this  is  an  example  of  reproducible  neural  networks  train  once,  deploy  everywhere,  which  makes  them  more  appealing  commercially.  if  nonreproducible  neural  networks  have  only  recently  become  economically  feasible  due  to  the  rapid  evolution  of  specialized
__label__situationalsurveillance hardware  aforementioned  intels  product,  for  example,  then  the  use  of  ai  in  facial  recognition  and  anpr  has  been  well  established  for  a  long  time.the  use  of  ai  in  facial  recognition  and  anpr  has  been  well  established  for  a  long  timeanother  kind  of  ai  analytics  that  well  explore  is  behavior  analytics.  this  function,  probably  more  than  any  other,  is  bringing  video  surveillance  systems  closer  to  understanding  whats  happening  on  camera.  its  potential  is  vast.how  behavior  analytics  worksfrom  a  technical  point  of  view,  behavior  analytics  combines  artificial  intelligence  with  a  classic  algorithmic  approach.  a  neural  network  trained  on  a  multitude  of  scenarios
__label__situationalsurveillance can  determine  the  position  of  the  bodies,  heads,  and  limbs  of  humans  in  the  cameras  field  of  view.  the  algorithm  outputs  an  array  of  data  containing  descriptions  of  their  poses.conditions  can  be  set  for  data  to  detect  a  specific  pose,  such  as  raised  hands,  prostrated  or  crouching  persons.  developers  can  use  this  to  quickly  create  new  detection  tools  to  identify  potentially  dangerous  behavior  specified  by  a  government  or  business  client.  theres  no  need  for  additional  training  of  the  neural  network.how  behavior  analytics  can  be  deployedsomeone  crouched  down  next  to  an  atm  could  be  a  technician,  cit  guard,  or  burglar.  bank
__label__situationalsurveillance security  should  be  notified  in  any  of  the  cases.a  person  in  shooter  position,  together  with  a  bank  employee  or  cashier  with  their  hands  raised  could  indicate  a  robbery.  the  system  can  be  configured  to  automatically  send  alerts  with  a  surveillance  snapshot  to  the  police  so  they  can  assess  the  threat  and  take  action  if  needed.  its  vital  that  the  police  receive  the  alert,  even  if  the  employee  is  unable  to  activate  the  alarm.in  many  cases,  attention  should  be  directed  to  a  prostrate  individual.  this  could  be  somebody  who  needs  immediate  help,  or  it  could  be  someone  sleeping  in  an  inappropriate
__label__situationalsurveillance public  place,  for  example,  a  24/7  atm  space.behavioral  analytics  can  also  be  used  to  ensure  workplace  safety.  for  example,  tracking  whether  employees  are  holding  the  handrails  when  using  the  stairs  at  a  manufacturing  facility  or  a  construction  site.what  now?behavior  analytics  can  be  deployed  wherever  your  clients  imagination  takes  them.  with  this  feature,  practically  any  pose  that  indicates  potentially  dangerous  behavior  can  be  detected.  timely  response  to  an  alarm  helps  avoid  material  damages  or,  in  other  situations,  casualties.practically  any  pose  that  indicates  potentially  dangerous  behavior  can  be  detectedan  area  of  potential  development  for  behavior  analytics  is  the  ability  to  analyze  a
__label__situationalsurveillance sequence  of  poses  by  the  same  person  or  a  combination  of  poses  and  relative  positions  of  several  individuals.  that  will  be  the  next  level  of  evolution  in  ais  use  in  video  surveillance:  moving  from  detecting  to  understanding  behavior  in  real  time.in  its  most  basic  form,  this  type  of  analytics  can  be  deployed  to  detect  deviations  from  the  search  procedure  in  correctional  facilities  when  a  person  being  inspected  must  assume  a  predefined  sequence  of  poses.  a  more  advanced  form  allows  it  to  detect  any  kind  of  abnormal  behavior,  such  as  a  brawl  breaking  out  in  a  public  space.  ideally,  behavior  analytics
__label__situationalsurveillance can  predict  dangerous  situations  based  on  nearly  imperceptible  cues  gleaned  from  collected  statistics  and  a  big  data  analysis.at  the  moment,  this  sounds  like  pure  fantasy,  but  what  seemed  like  whimsy  not  too  long  ago  is  now  a  reality  with  ai.  its  already  beaten  humans  in  chess  and  the  game  of  go  weiqi.  will  artificial  intelligence  be  able  to  outplay  humans  at  charades  one  day?  its  entirely  possible  that  well  soon  see  for  ourselves.  nigel  waterton  recently  joined  cloud  video  company  arcules  to  lead  the  sales  and  marketing  efforts  as  chief  revenue  officer  cro.  he  brings  to  the  task  the  benefit
__label__situationalsurveillance of  22  years  of  experience  building  and  managing  large,  highgrowth  technology  organizations.waterton  joins  arcules  from  aronson  security  group,  an  adt  commercial  company,  where  he  served  as  senior  vice  president  of  corporate  strategy  and  development.  we  caught  up  with  the  new  cro  to  discuss  his  position  and  to  reflect  on  how  industry  changes  are  impacting  integrators  and  manufacturers.q:  what  fresh  insights  do  you  bring  to  arcules  from  your  previous  positions?waterton:  generally,  most  manufacturers  dont  understand  the  business  model  of  the  integrator.  and  if  they  do,  their  programs  dont  necessarily  help  achieve  their  goals.  since  most  manufacturers  use  integrators  to  get  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  end  user,  they  are  often  disconnected  from  truly  understanding  the  customer,  their  organizations  business  and  its  impact  on  the  value  of  the  security  program.  in  my  previous  role,  i  spent  most  of  my  time  bridging  the  gap  between  these  two  worlds.  it  gives  me  a  great  platform  for  understanding  how  to  achieve  that  with  arcules.q:  how  is  chief  revenue  officer  different  from  your  previous  jobs?i  have  the  responsibility  of  driving  innovation  for  the  companywaterton:  while  the  title  is  different,  the  ultimate  role  im  in  isnt  too  different  from  previous  roles  that  ive  held  in  my  career.  i  have  the
__label__situationalsurveillance responsibility  of  driving  innovation  and  strategy  for  the  company,  as  well  as  serving  as  a  leader  for  the  sales  and  marketing  team  and  developing  a  sales  and  marketing  strategy  for  the  company.  this  position  allows  me  to  build  on  what  ive  learned  throughout  my  career  from  an  enduser  and  integrator  partner  perspective  and  brings  that  expertise  into  the  fold  of  this  young,  fresh,  innovative  company  thats  paving  the  way  for  cloudbased  innovation  in  the  marketplace.q:  is  there  an  industrywide  culture  clash  between  the  itcentric  nature  of  cloud  systems  and  the  physical  security  market?  how  can  it  be  managed?waterton:  adopters  from
__label__situationalsurveillance the  it  and  physical  security  worlds  are  a  little  at  odds  over  the  softwareasaservice  saas  offerings  as  a  result  of  a  disconnect  with  how  the  cloud  is  defined  in  both  spaces.  a  lot  of  people  and  companies  are  creating  their  own  notion  of  what  cloud  and  saas  mean.  and  without  a  common  nomenclature  in  place,  there  is  a  lot  of  confusion  among  all  users.  similarly,  there  is  a  clash  among  integrators  around  how  to  monetize  the  saas  offering.  this  gap  can  be  closed  through  increased  awareness,  education  and  the  reiteration  of  how  ubiquitous  the  cloud  already  is  in  our  everyday
__label__situationalsurveillance lives.q:  from  the  integrator  perspective,  what  is  the  impact  of  a  transition  to  a  cloud/saas  model  on  how  revenue  is  managed  in  the  increasingly  serviceoriented  security  market?waterton:  transitioning  to  a  cloud/saas  model  shifts  the  mindset  of  the  integrator  significantly,  as  the  focus  changes  from  projectcentric  to  more  customer  servicebased  impact.  becoming  more  serviceminded  creates  a  greater  awareness  of  what  the  clients  needs  are  on  a  daytoday  basis  and  how  that  can  be  improved  over  time.  when  operating  with  a  perproject  focus,  it  can  be  difficult  to  create  a  more  longterm  impact  on  an  organization.  with  a  cloudbased,  serviceoriented  model,  integrators
__label__situationalsurveillance now  have  the  ability  to  manage  client  expectations  in  realtime,  which  greatly  increases  their  value  proposition.q:  what  about  from  the  end  user  perspective?waterton:  there  are  so  many  benefits  from  the  end  user  perspective,  including  the  ability  to  remove  the  process  of  a  large  investment  in  capital  expenditures  capex  and  shift  to  a  more  manageable,  predictable  operational  expenditure  opex.  not  only  does  this  allow  organizations  to  adjust  as  needs  change;  it  also  prevents  being  locked  into  a  longterm  solution  that  might  not  be  able  to  move  with  the  speed  of  the  company  as  it  scales.  that  being  said,  the  main  benefit
__label__situationalsurveillance is  the  ability  of  saas/cloud  services  to  drive  innovation  and  introduce  new  features  as  theyre  introduced  without  additional  investment  from  the  end  user.q:  what  impact  does  the  recurring  monthly  revenue  rmr  model  have  on  the  operations/management/cashflow  of  a  supplier/manufacturer  company?waterton:  traditional  manufacturers  struggle  with  the  introduction  of  a  saas  modeltraditional  manufacturers  struggle  with  the  introduction  of  a  saas  model  for  many  of  the  same  reasons  integrators  struggle.  they  must  sell  the  board  and  possibly  their  investors  on  a  new  valuation  model  as  well  as  revenue  recognition  model.  that  is  constraining  their  innovation  in  the  market.  oddly  enough  rmr  from  a
__label__situationalsurveillance manufacturers  perspective  is  very  similar  to  the  integrator  model  in  that  cash  flow  is  more  predictable  in  nature.  an  rmr  model  allows  a  company  to  grow  strategically  and  innovate  constantly,  expanding  and  adjusting  to  cater  to  client  needs  on  a  daily  basis  while  also  providing  the  ability  to  look  ahead  and  ensure  were  meeting  the  needs  communicated  to  us  in  the  market  now  and  into  the  future.q:  what  will  be  the  biggest  challenge  of  your  new  position  at  arcules  and  how  will  you  meet  the  challenge?waterton:  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  were  seeing  and  one  that  will  have  a  significant
__label__situationalsurveillance impact  on  my  role  is  the  challenge  of  market  adoption  of  saas/cloud  services,  as  well  as  the  awareness  about  why  cloud  is  a  significant  part  of  the  future  of  the  industry.  theres  also  an  opportunity  to  shift  the  conversation  within  arcules  from  techfocused  outcomes  to  becoming  practitioners  of  riskbased  outcomes.  we  have  to  focus  on  the  risk  model  for  organizations,  not  technology.  if  we  truly  understand  the  risks  to  the  organization,  the  tool  will  become  apparent.  answering  the  questions:  why  does  a  retailer  lose  product?  why  does  a  facility  experience  vandalism?  we  have  to  understand  the  sociology  of  it  because
__label__situationalsurveillance thats  how  we  can  address  what  the  service  does  in  the  marketplace.q:  taking  the  various  elements  into  consideration,  what  will  the  physical  security  industry  look  like  five  years  from  now?waterton:  in  sum,  wildly  different.  its  much  different  than  what  it  was  five  or  even  10  years  ago,  and  with  each  leap,  the  industry  has  moved  forward.  products  are  maturing,  bandwidth  is  improving  and  the  knowledge  that  we  have  is  exponentially  more  advanced.  there  is  increasing  use  of  outside  perspectives  aimed  at  shaking  up  the  this  is  how  it  has  always  been  done  mentality  that  many  organizations  have  suffered  from.  its
__label__situationalsurveillance going  to  look  very  different  five  years  from  now,  and  cloudbased  initiatives  will  be  the  key  to  the  success  of  many  organizations.  financial  institutions  require  futureready  physical  security  technologies  understanding  the  tradeoff  between  image  resolution  and  field  of  view  a  blind  spot  in  governance,  risk  and  compliance  smart  home  security  risks  with  internet  of  things  iot  physical  security  solution  buying  guide:  7  things  to  consider  securitynet:  global  and  national  collaboration  for  security  systems  integrators  openow  from  smartair  wireless  access  control  vanderbilt  bluetooth  low  energy  readers  dahua  fixedfocal  dome  network  camera  follow  us  securityinformed.com  making  the  world  a  safer  place  copyright
__label__situationalsurveillance ifsec  global  is  part  of  the  informa  markets  division  of  informa  plc  ifsec  global  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  ,  author  bio  questions  posed  to  the  panel  include:  panelists  are,  left  to  right:  professor  paul  dorey,  director  of  cso  confidential;james  willison,founder  of  unified  security  ltd;steven  kenny,industry  liaison  for  architecture  engineering  at  axis  communications;  andmike  hurst,  director  of  hja  consult.  discover  the  fivestep  process  for  strengthening  your  cyber  and  physical  security
__label__situationalsurveillance systems  with  this  free  resource  from  vanderbilt.  learn  how  to  and  protect  your  systems  against  ,  and  learn  what  cyberattacks  mean  in  an  .  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  informa  markets,  a  trading  division  of  informa  plc.
__label__situationalsurveillance it  is  impossible  to  make  any  building  or  any  computer  network  100  secure.  at  some  point,  you  must  open  a  door  to  let  someone  in  or  out,  or  you  have  to  let  a  user  connect  to  a  server  or  send  an  email,  etc.  once  you  have  accepted  that,  you  then  realise  that  in  the  realworld  vendors,  integrators  and  users  must  constantly  make  a  choice  between  convenience  and  security.  how  hard  do  you  want  to  make  it  for  an  attacker  to  get  in  versus  how  hard  do  you  want  to  make  it  for  your  employees  to  do  their  work?  we  know
__label__situationalsurveillance that  it  is  human  nature  to  take  the  easy  option  heck,  i  rarely  change  the  password  on  my  home  router,  even  though  i  know  i  really  should  because  it  means  i  have  to  change  it  on  all  my  devices,  on  my  wifes  devices,  on  all  my  kids  devices,  on  the  tv,  etc.  so,  i  just  leave  it  to  the  password  i  chose  months  ago.  unfortunately,  recent  events  have  shown  that  the  iot  industry  has  also  often  erred  on  the  side  of  convenience,  rather  than  security  leaving  many  companies  and  organisations  exposed.  and  users,  be  they  small  or  large  businesses  often
__label__situationalsurveillance say,  but  we  arent  a  highprofile  target,  or  why  would  anyone  want  to  look  at  our  cameras?  what  they  dont  realise  is  that  cyberattacks  are  now  far  more  horizontal  than  ever  before.  an  attacker  may  not  care  about  your  camera,  or  even  about  you  or  your  company.  they  may  simply  want  a  way  in  to  one  of  your  suppliers,  or  your  customers.  we  are  all  so  interconnected,  that  we  must  acknowledge  that  our  security  affects  other  people,  too.  and  attackers  are  no  longer  matthew  broderick  geeks  mucking  about  in  their  bedroom.  they  are  professionals.  they  get  paid  to  attack  your
__label__situationalsurveillance network.  they  have  white  boards.  they  have  spreadsheets.  they  even  get  paid  a  bonus  if  their  code  is  successful.  so,  what  to  do  about  it?  surely,  we  need  militarygrade  encryption?  nasalevel  boffins  working  on  blockchainbased  security?  james  bondstyle  biometrics  that  require  a  dna  sample  and  a  letter  from  the  queen?  that  might  be  pretty  cool,  but  the  reality  is  that  we  need  to  get  the  basics  right.  stop  hardwiring  passwords  into  devices.  force  users  to  set  a  new  password  when  a  device  is  installed.  dont  enable  admin  rights  by  default,  etc.  once  everyone  in  the  iot  industry  has  reached  the
__label__situationalsurveillance bare  minimum  of  network  security,  then  we  can  start  investing  time  and  energy  into  more  complicated  and  advanced  defences.  but  for  now,  lock  the  windows.  close  the  doors.  dont  worry  about  getting  from  a  to  z,  focus  on  getting  from  a  to  b.  then  to  c.  right,  im  off  home  to  change  the  password  on  my  router.  more  information  about  how  axis  solutions  cansupport  you  in  fighting  cyber  security  threats  can  be  found  .  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  great  information.  thank  you  author,  for  sharing  your  valuable  information  about  iot  with  us.  people  who  are  reading  this
__label__situationalsurveillance blog  can  continue  your  knowledge  which  you  gained  with  us  and  know  how  to  apply  this  practically  along  with  our  sachin  reddy  says:  jordan  belfort  says:  kaitlyn  kristy  says:  jack  smith  says:  if  you  are  a  buyer  or  user  of  security  solutions,  then  you  have  come  to  the  right  place.  we  created  this  blog  to  help  businesses  like  yours  learn  the  ins  and  outs  of  surveillance,  getting  insights  to  intelligent  security  solutions  and  show  how  it  can  help  you  gain  business  intelligence.  all  to  support  our  vision  of  a  smarter,  safer  world.  the  comments  are  moderated.  comments  will  appear  as
__label__situationalsurveillance a  multipronged  data  analysis  approach  that  can  strengthen  the  security  of  internet  of  things  iot  devices  such  as  smart  tvs,  home  video  cameras  and  baby  monitors  against  current  risks  and  threats  has  created  by  a  team  of  penn  state  world  campus  students  pursuing  master  of  professional  studies  degrees  in  information  sciences.  by  2020,  more  than  20  billion  iot  devices  will  be  in  operation,  and  these  devices  can  leave  people  vulnerable  to  security  breaches  that  can  put  their  personal  data  at  risk  or  worse,  affect  their  safety,  said  beulah  samuel,  a  student  in  the  penn  state  world  campus  information  sciences  and
__label__situationalsurveillance technology  program.  yet  no  strategy  exists  to  identify  when  and  where  a  network  security  attack  on  these  devices  is  taking  place  and  what  such  an  attack  even  looks  like.  the  team  applied  a  combination  of  approaches  often  used  in  traditional  network  security  management  to  an  iot  network  simulated  by  the  university  of  new  south  wales  canberra.  specifically,  they  showed  how  statistical  data,  machine  learning  and  other  data  analysis  methods  could  be  applied  to  assure  the  security  of  iot  systems  across  their  lifecycle.  they  then  used  intrusion  detection  and  a  visualization  tool,  to  determine  whether  or  not  an  attack  had  already
__label__situationalsurveillance occurred  or  was  in  progress  within  that  network.  the  researchers  describe  their  approach  and  findings  in  a  paper  to  be  presented  today  oct.  10  at  the  2019  ieee  ubiquitous  computing,  electronics  and  mobile  communication  conference.  the  team  received  the  best  paper  award  for  their  work.  one  of  the  data  analysis  techniques  the  team  applied  was  the  opensource  freely  available  r  statistical  suite,  which  they  used  to  characterize  the  iot  systems  in  use  on  the  canberra  network.  in  addition,  they  used  machine  learning  solutions  to  search  for  patterns  in  the  data  that  were  not  apparent  using  r.  one  of  the  challenges
__label__situationalsurveillance in  maintaining  security  for  iot  networks  is  simply  identifying  all  the  devices  that  are  operating  on  the  network,  said  john  haller,  a  student  in  the  penn  state  world  campus  information  sciences  and  technology  program.  statistical  programs,  like  r,  can  characterize  and  identify  the  user  agents.  the  researchers  used  the  widely  available  splunk  intrusion  detection  tool,  which  comprises  software  for  searching,  monitoring  and  analyzing  network  traffic,  via  a  webstyle  interface.  splunk  is  an  analytical  tool  that  is  often  used  in  traditional  network  traffic  monitoring,  but  had  only  seen  limited  application  to  iot  traffic,  until  now,  said  melanie  seekins.  using  these  tools,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  others,  the  team  identified  three  ip  addresses  that  were  actively  trying  to  break  into  the  canberra  networks  devices.  we  observed  three  ip  addresses  attempting  to  attach  to  the  iot  devices  multiple  times  over  a  period  of  time  using  different  protocols,  said  andrew  brandon.  this  clearly  indicates  a  distributed  denial  of  service  attack,  which  aims  to  disrupt  and/or  render  devices  unavailable  to  the  owners.  as  the  basis  for  their  approach,  the  researchers  compared  it  to  a  common  framework  used  to  help  manage  risk,  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  nist  risk  management  framework  rmf.  the  nist  rmf  was  not
__label__situationalsurveillance created  for  iot  systems,  but  it  provides  a  framework  that  organizations  can  use  to  tailor,  test,  and  monitor  implemented  security  controls.  this  lends  credibility  to  our  approach,  said  brandon.  ultimately,  seekins  said,  the  ability  to  analyze  iot  data  using  the  teams  approach  may  enable  security  professionals  to  identify  and  manage  controls  to  mitigate  risk  and  analyze  incidents  as  they  occur.  knowing  what  has  taken  place  in  an  actual  attack  helps  us  write  scripts  and  monitors  to  look  for  those  patterns,  she  said.  these  predictive  patterns  and  the  use  of  machine  learning  and  artificial  intelligence  can  help  us  anticipate  and  prepare
__label__situationalsurveillance for  major  attacks  using  iot  devices.  the  team  hopes  their  approach  will  contribute  to  the  creation  of  a  standard  protocol  for  iot  network  security.  there  is  no  standardization  for  iot  security,  said  seekins.  each  manufacturer  or  vendor  creates  their  own  idea  of  what  security  looks  like,  and  this  can  become  proprietary  and  may  or  may  not  work  with  other  devices.  our  strategy  is  a  good  first  step  toward  alleviating  this  problem.  provided  by  .  note:  content  may  be  edited  for  style  and  length.  :  sciencedaily  more  topics  more  topics  more  topics  more  topics  more  topics  more  topics  more  topics  more
__label__situationalsurveillance topics  more  topics  more  topics  more  topics  more  topics  get  the  latest  science  news  with  sciencedailys  free  email  newsletters,  updated  daily  and  weekly.  or  view  hourly  updated  newsfeeds  in  your  rss  reader:  keep  up  to  date  with  the  latest  news  from  sciencedaily  via  social  networks:  tell  us  what  you  think  of  sciencedaily  we  welcome  both  positive  and  negative  comments.  have  any  problems  using  the  site?  questions?
__label__situationalsurveillance security  precautions  taken  to  guard  against  crime,  attack,  sabotage,  espionage,  etc.  security  and  surveillance  has  become  a  common  facet  of  business.  there  are  dangers  in  the  world:  some  are  personal  dangers,  others  are  dangers  or  risks  associated  with  assets.  while  there  has  been  much  recent  debate  about  the  appropriate  use  and  amount  of  surveillance,  it  is  fair  to  say  that  some  amount  of  security  and  surveillance  is  necessary  in  todays  world.  include  everything  from  the  most  simple  home  monitoring  systems  and  burglar  alarms,  to  highdefinition,  motiondetecting  cameras  and  retina  scanning  security  solutions.  various  forms  of  connectivity  both  fixedline  and  wireless
__label__situationalsurveillance enable  a  basic  type  of  m2m  security  solutions.  however,  when  data  from  the  solutions  are  aggregated  and  analyzed  to  predict  behavior  or  thwart  crimes,  and  we  are  able  to  access  these  data  on  common  platforms  and  devices  including  mobile  devices  .  i  described  this  type  of  change  from  an  m2m  to  an  iot  world  in  a  prior  blog  post  entitled  at  a  compoundannualgrowthrate  of  22.  see  figure  1.  these  include  device  connections  in  homes  and  businesses.  today,  quite  a  large  percentage  of  security  and  surveillance  systems  especially  those  in  homes  are  unconnected.  we  anticipate  an  increase  over  the  next  ten
__label__situationalsurveillance years  of  the  percentage  of  these  kind  of  home  systems  that  are  connected.  we  also  expect  an  increase  in  the  number  of  connected  security  and  surveillance  systems  in  emerging  geographic  markets.  as  economic  conditions  continue  to  increase  the  overall  wealth  levels  in  emerging  markets,  we  anticipate  homes  and  businesses  finding  it  necessary  to  better  secure  their  environments.  while  we  do  not  anticipate  the  overall  adoption  rate  of  connected  security  solutions  in  emerging  markets  to  exceed  that  of  developed  markets,  the  overall  size  of  the  emerging  markets  make  them  very  attractive  for  service  providers  and  vendors  of  residential  and  commercial  security
__label__situationalsurveillance and  surveillance  solutions.  over  the  next  ten  years,  we  anticipate  an  and  these  four  aspects  highlight  the  changes  we  are  seeing  from  an  m2m  to  an  iot  world:  we  expect  service  providers  and  vendors  of  security  and  surveillance  solutions  to  continue  to  offer  innovative  solutions  that  bundle  together  equipment,  applications,  mobile  tools,  connectivity,  video,  and  customer  support/monitoring  services.  we  anticipate  these  service  providers  to  make  greater  use  of  applications  that  model,  predict  and  quickly  notify  monitoring  facilities  of  possible  security  breaches.  about  iot  in  the  security  and  surveillance  sector.  what  do  you  like  about  your  home  or  business  security  system?
__label__situationalsurveillance what  more  do  you  want?  we  show  you  how  to  make  iot  products  ans  solutions  secure.  steffen  morscheck  describes  how  remote  service  helps  improve  the  security  concepts  for  buildings.  industry  4.0  needs  security,  standards  and  experts.  gain  insights  from  our  user  survey  thanks  for  sharing  this  wonderful  information.  great  review  and  i  enjoyed  reading  this  nice  post.  thanks  for  the  sharing.  keep  sharing.  what  are  your  thoughts  about  iot  security  and  surveillance  solutions?  there  are  some  interesting  things  happening  in  iot  that  combine  data/cyber  security  with  physical  security  especially  in  the  industrial/factor  environment.  let  us  know  your  thoughts  thanks,  steve
__label__situationalsurveillance get  6  issues  for  9  welcome  to  wired  uk.  this  site  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  and  deliver  personalised  advertising.  you  can  at  any  time  or  find  out  more  by  reading  our  .  a  new  script  allows  insecure  camera  data  to  be  plotted  on  a  map  and  searched  by  address.  its  just  another  chapter  in  the  internet  of  things  security  problems  theres  no  end  to  the  security  nightmare  that  is  the  iot.  a  new  tool  developed  by  a  security  researcher  lets  you  search  insecure  surveillance  cameras  by  simply  entering  an  address.  dubbed  kamerka,  the  tool  combines  data  of  cameras
__label__situationalsurveillance that  are  connected  to  the  internet  with  location  data  to  create  a  map  that  shows  devices  in  individual  buildings  or  streets.  many  iot  cameras  and  devices  lack  basic  security  requirements  and  can  potentially  be  easy  to  access.  some  of  the  cameras  are  left  open  with  no  authentication  so  you  dont  need  to  have  any  hacking  skills  to  get  access,  the  security  researcher  behind  kamerka  who  goes  by  the  moniker  wojciech  wrote  in  a  .  it  was  first  reported  on  by  .  kamerka  works  by  using  data  from  .  the  website,  launched  in  2009,  is  a  search  engine  for  internet  connected
__label__situationalsurveillance devices.  it  crawls  the  internet  for  publicly  accessible  devices  iot  refrigerators,  printers  and  cameras  and  indexes  them  in  a  way  thats  similar  to  googles  approach  to  websites.  but  many  of  those  physical  objects  are  insecure.  the  iots  security  problems  are  well  documented:  shodan  has  shown  it  is  possible  to  ,  the  mirai  botnet  caused  iot  products  with  weak  passwords  to  launch  large  ddos  attacks  and  even  googles  smart  assistants  have  been  found  to  accidentally  .  kamerka  pulls  in  camera  data  plus  longitude,  latitude  and  radius  from  shodan  and  combines  this  with  tech  from  the  python  tool  and  mapping  software  to
__label__situationalsurveillance pinpoint  cameras  to  specific  locations.  smart  home  not  all  cameras  shown  on  the  maps  generated  will  be  insecure.  markers  are  in  two  colorsred  means  that  camera  has  probably  some  form  of  the  authentication,  wojciech  wrote.  green  colour  markers  says  that  its  open  or  displays  some  login  panel.  if  login  details  have  not  been  changed  from  default  settings  such  as  a  passwords  being  password  it  may  be  possible  for  people  using  the  system  to  force  their  way  into  the  cameras.  this  tool  is  useful  so  often  its  hard  to  geolocate  devices  that  one  is  interested  in  from  shodan,  says  security  researcher
__label__situationalsurveillance ken  munro,  from  .  sometimes  it  works,  sometimes  one  is  left  to  correlate  data  from  multiple  sources  in  the  hope  of  finding  where  the  vulnerable  thing  is.  however  there  may  be  legal  issues,  as  well  as  obvious  ethical  and  privacy  concerns,  for  anyone  attempting  to  access  devices.  while  wojciechs  code  was  designed  as  a  proofofconcept  and  is  available  to  anyone,  the  system  requires  some  limited  technical  knowledge  to  run  and  also  needs  a  paidfor  shodan  account.  during  a  test  of  the  system  found  cameras  with  predictable  passwords  but  didnt  spot  any  live  streams  immediately.  while  it  is  well  known  that
__label__situationalsurveillance insecure  cameras  exist  kamerka  is  another  example  of  the  iots  ongoing  vulnerabilities.  so,  whats  being  done  about  the  iots  neverending  security  issues?  researchers  at  google  have  created  the  new  android  things  operating  system  which  includes  automatic  security  updates  for  developers  that  chose  to  use  it  in  their  products.  similarly,  mit  academics  have  created  a  chip  that  allows  iot  devices  to  be  .  various  vendors  better  known  for  antivirus  have  started  promoting  security  devices  to  protect  us  from  home  iot.  whilst  these  arent  perfect,  theyre  a  good  start  towards  protecting  consumers  homes,  munro  says.  however,  the  correct  solution  is  for  internet
__label__situationalsurveillance of  things  devices  to  be  created  securely  in  the  first  place.  there  is  no  excuse  any  longer  for  smart  product  vendors  to  claim  they  didnt  understand  security.  despite  the  efforts  of  individual  companies  and  groups,  it  is  likely  that  common  standards  across  iot  products  will  help  to  solve  some  of  the  problems.  in  october  the  uk  government,  through  its  national  cyber  security  centre,  published  a  series  of  for  iot  security.  these  state  default  passwords  should  never  be  used,  companies  should  disclose  vulnerabilities  when  they  are  found  and  be  willing  to  work  with  researchers,  update  software  and  protect  customer  data.  however,
__label__situationalsurveillance due  to  product  cycles  its  likely  that  many  poorly  protected  iot  devices  that  are  currently  in  the  homes  of  consumers  and  in  workplaces  wont  be  replaced  for  a  number  of  years.  dont  miss  out.  to  get  the  best  of  wired  in  your  inbox  every  weekend
__label__situationalsurveillance as  the  expands,  threats  and  potential  threats  continue  to  multiply.  fortunately,  the  market  for  advanced  iotsecurity  is  expanding,  too,  with  numerous  companies  specializing  in  or  at  least  providing  tools  to  help  keep  businesses  and  individuals  safe  from  increasingly  sophisticated  cyber  crime.  a  lot  of  the  manufacturing  behind  iot  devices  today  feels  like  the  gold  rush  everyone  wants  to  get  there  in  a  hurry,  john  cook,  senior  director  of  product  management  at  symantec,  said  at  the  2018  rsa  conference.  you  effectively  have  people  staking  out  a  claim  in  the  area  without  further  thought  to  security.  these  13companies  give  a  lot  of
__label__situationalsurveillance thought  to  security,  be  it  using  iot  to  create  safer  environments  or  preventing  malicious  attacks  on  iot  devices.  cybersecurity  boston  rapid7s  security  analytics  and  automation  cloud,  rapid7,  helps  customers  monitor,  investigate  and  resolve  vulnerabilities  and  threats.  the  companys  iot  penetration  testing  reportedly  covers  the  whole  ecosystem  of  the  iot  technology.  home  security  boston  simplisafe  makes  a  doubly  secured  wifi  and  cellular,  smashproof,  power  outageprotected  home  security  system  that  sends  confirmed  alerts  via  deep  encryption  and  is  backed  by  six  staffed  monitoring  centers.  it  even  detects  fires  and  leaks  and  knows  pets  from  humans.  home  security  santa  monica,  calif.  ring  is
__label__situationalsurveillance a  home  security  company  that  offers  iotconnected  video  doorbells,  security  cameras  and  complete  security  systems  that  are  accessible  by  smartphone.  theres  also  a  app  through  which  users  can  get  crime  alerts  from  others  in  their  vicinity.  public  safety  wireless  new  york  invented  at  mit,  fluidmeshwirelessly  transmits  video  including  highdef  via  aes  encryption  and  a  patented  transmission  protocol.  with  its  mobile  product,  fluidity,  mobile  cameras  can  transmit  live  feeds  from  moving  vehicles.  the  company  is  a  leader  in  wireless  internet  of  things  deployments,  such  as  wiring  urban  areas  for  video  surveillance  and  other  homeland  security,  lawenforcement  and  militaryrelated  applications.  it  seattle
__label__situationalsurveillance auth0s  platform  provides  universal  authentication  and  authorization  services  for  web,  mobile,  legacy  applications  and  iot  devices.  auth0s  multifactor  authentication  mfa  and  advanced  password  hashing  algorithms  can  be  used  in  iot  authentication  for  better  security.  cybersecurity  palo  alto,  calif.  an  agentlessiot  service,  armis  gives  businesses  full  visibility  and  control  of  every  device  on  their  network.  that  means  potential  intruders  can  quickly  be  weeded  out  and  threats  averted.  cybersecurity  san  francisco  bastilles  enterprise  threat  detection  is  made  possible  via  softwaredefined  radio  meaning  every  iot  device  thats  operating  in  a  companys  airspace  is  visible.  if  a  threat  arises,  bastilles  radio  and  machine  learning
__label__situationalsurveillance technology  senses,  identifies  and  shuts  it  down.  cloud  cybersecurity  boise,  idaho  cradlepoints  netcloud  manager  helps  companies  improve  productivity  and  reduce  costs  via  functions  like  zerotouch  deployment  for  device  management,  simplified  management  and  orchestration  that  allows  for  realtime  device  monitoring  and  proactive  alerts  and  instant  insights  on  data  usage,  performance  and  cost.  cloud  cybersecurity  san  jose,  calif.  forescouts  platform  provides  businesses  and  agencies  with  agentless  visibility  and  control  of  any  device  that  connects  to  their  network.  the  companys  patented  technology  is  always  assessing  and  monitoring  devices,  and  its  security  tools  help  with  incident  response,  workflow  automation  and  more.  forescout  was  recently
__label__situationalsurveillance named  iot  security  company  of  the  year  in  the  enterprise  category  at  the  iot  breakthrough  awards.  cybersecurity  wireless  sunnyvale,  calif.  fortinets  security  fabric  service  provides  an  endtoend  iot  security  ecosystem  by  protectingand  monitoringall  devices  on  a  companys  cloud  or  wireless  network.  the  architectureallows  users  to  automatically  synchronize  security  resources  to  enforce  policies,  coordinate  automated  responses  and  streamline  control  of  security  solutions.  cybersecurity  boston  pwnie  express  has  developed  an  agentless,  nonintrusive  solution  that  helps  prevent  iot  attacks.pwnie  expressclaims  to  be  the  only  company  that  detects  rogue,  misconfigured  and  unauthorized  devices  across  wired  and  wireless  spectrums.  it  does  this  by  automating  wireless
__label__situationalsurveillance and  wired  device  detection  so  devices  on  or  around  any  given  network  that  might  be  targets  are  continuously  monitored.  cybersecurity  milpitas,  calif.  sonicwalls  tools  and  services  facilitate  content  control  and  network  security.  by  combining  realtime  threat  data,  analytics  and  reporting  with  risk  metering  services,  the  company  helps  users  address  cyberrisk  from  threats  that  come  from  ransomware,  encrypted  malware,  mobile,  email  and  iot  devices.  cybersecurity  ai  mountain  view,  calif.  zingbox  provides  a  nonintrusive,  clientless,  cloudbased  and  outofband  service  that  helps  secure  iot  devices.the  companys  iot  guardian  lets  users  see  the  type  of  devices  on  a  network  and  what  theyre  up  to.
__label__situationalsurveillance additionally,  deep  learning  algorithms  monitor  communication  between  devices  in  order  to  provide  better  risk  assessment  and  more  efficient  alerts  regarding  suspicious  behavior.  photos  via  social  media  and  shutterstock  thats  where  we  come  in.  built  in  2019
__label__situationalsurveillance as  hot  new  gadgets  seek  to  make  your  home  smarter  and  more  efficient,  its  still  up  to  you  to  learn  how  to  secure  the  connected  devices  throughout  your  smart  home.  your  internetconnected  devices  smart  tvs,  security  cameras,  smart  locks,  gaming  consoles,  smart  thermostats  can  add  a  level  of  convenience  to  your  life,  but  they  could  also  can  make  your  home  and  connected  devices  vulnerable.  thats  why  its  important  to  have  a  defense  plan  for  securing  smart  home  devices.  the  internet  of  things  all  those  appliances  and  devices  that  connect  to  the  internet  and  to  each  other  on  your  home  network
__label__situationalsurveillance have  created  new  opportunities  for  cybercriminals.  bottom  line:  if  you  have  a  connected  home,  it  needs  protection.  internet  of  things  devices  iot  devices,  for  short  can  offer  new  points  of  entry  for  cybercriminals.  cybercriminals  have  hijacked  baby  monitors  and  spied  on  people  using  their  webcams,  for  instance.  if  you  own  a  smart  home  device,  your  could  be  at  stake.  no  one  wants  a  hacker  to  infiltrate  their  iot  network.  consider  a  few  scenarios.  consider  this:  at  times  of  peak  activity,  the  average  iot  device  was  attacked  once  every  two  minutes,  according  to  the  2017  internet  security  threat  report,  published  by
__label__situationalsurveillance symantec.  that  raises  security  issues.  cybercriminals  target  networked  homes  for  different  reasons.  here  are  two  examples.  it  happened  in  2018.  the  vpnfilter  malware  short  for  malicious  software  infected  over  half  a  million  routers  in  more  than  50  countries.  vpnfilter  is  able  to  install  malware  onto  devices  and  systems  connected  to  your  router  the  hardware  that  allows  communication  between  your  connected  devices  and  the  internet.  it  can  make  your  router  inoperable.  it  can  also  collect  information  passing  through  your  router.  and  it  can  block  network  traffic  and  steal  your  passwords.  heres  a  tip:  symantec  has  a  free  online  tool  to  help
__label__situationalsurveillance by  vpnfilter.  this  happened  in  2016,  when  hundreds  of  thousands  of  compromised  connected  devices  were  pulled  into  a  botnet  dubbed  mirai.  a  botnet  can  combine  the  processing  power  of  small  devices  to  launch  a  largescale  cyberattack.  the  result?  in  this  case,  major  websites  such  as  spotify,  netflix,  and  paypal  were  temporarily  shut  down.  the  examples  show  cybercriminals  can  act  locally  and  globally.  they  might  infiltrate  your  iot  devices  to  do  you  harm.  or  they  might  use  your  devices  and  others  to  launch  a  broad  attack.  home  routers  and  security  cameras  are  top  iot  targets  for  hackers.  why?  because  like  most
__label__situationalsurveillance other  connected  devices  they  have  little  or  no  builtin  security.  that  makes  them  vulnerable  to  malware.  and  theres  another  reason.  security  usually  isnt  a  top  priority  for  iot  device  makers.  their  poor  security  practices  could  include  these:  consider  your  wifi  router  the  front  door  to  your  smart  home.  like  any  front  door,  it  should  be  solid  and  equipped  with  strong  locks,  in  case  cybercriminals  come  knocking.  building  a  more  secure  smart  home  starts  with  your  wifi  router.  its  the  foundational  item  that  connects  all  your  connected  devices  and  makes  them  operable.  most  people  simply  use  the  router  provided  by  their
__label__situationalsurveillance internet  service  provider,  but  a  lot  of  independent  companies  also  sell  routers.  once  you  move  to  a  secure  router,  its  a  good  idea  to  research  the  smart  devices  you  might  want.  are  important.  here  are  some  questions  to  ask:  here  are  some  other  ways  to  help  secure  your  smart  home.  iot  security  is  the  safety  component  tied  to  theinternet  of  things,  and  it  strives  to  protect  iot  devices  and  networks  against  cybercrime.  dont  stick  with  the  name  the  manufacturer  gave  it  it  might  identify  the  make  or  model.  give  it  an  unusual  name  not  associated  with  you  or  your  street
__label__situationalsurveillance address.  you  dont  want  your  router  name  to  give  away  any  personal  identifiers.  in  your  router  settings,  its  a  good  idea  to  use  a  strong  encryption  method,  like  wpa2,  when  you  set  up  wifi  network  access.  this  will  help  keep  your  network  and  communications  secure.  keep  your  wifi  account  private.  visitors,  friends  and  relatives  can  log  into  a  separate  network  that  doesnt  tie  into  your  iot  devices.  cybercriminals  probably  already  know  the  default  passwords  that  come  with  many  iot  products.  that  makes  it  easy  for  them  to  access  your  iot  devices  and,  potentially,  the  information  on  them.  are  you  considering
__label__situationalsurveillance a  device  that  doesnt  allow  you  to  change  the  default  password?  then  consider  a  different  one.  avoid  common  words  or  passwords  that  are  easy  to  guess,  such  as  password  or  123456.  instead,  use  unique,  complex  passwords  made  up  of  letters,  numbers,  and  symbols.  you  might  also  consider  a  password  manager  to  up  your  security  game.  your  iot  devices  might  come  with  default  privacy  and  security  settings.  you  might  want  to  consider  changing  them,  as  some  default  settings  could  benefit  the  manufacturer  more  than  they  benefit  you.  iot  devices  come  with  a  variety  of  services  such  as  remote  access,  often  enabled
__label__situationalsurveillance by  default.  if  you  dont  need  it,  be  sure  to  disable  it.  when  your  smart  phone  manufacturer  sends  you  a  software  update,  dont  put  off  installing  it.  it  might  be  a  patch  for  a  security  flaw.  mobile  security  is  important,  since  you  may  connect  to  your  smart  home  through  mobile  devices.  your  iot  device  makers  also  may  sent  you  updates  or  you  might  have  to  visit  their  websites  to  check  for  them.  be  sure  to  download  updates  and  apply  them  to  your  device  to  help  stay  safe.  it  could  be  time  to  upgrade  that  old  security  camera.  take  time  to
__label__situationalsurveillance check  if  newer  models  might  offer  stronger  security.  were  talking  authentication.  twofactor  authentication  such  as  a  onetime  code  sent  to  your  cellphone  can  keep  the  bad  guys  out  of  your  accounts.  if  your  smartdevice  apps  offer  twofactor  authentication,  or  2fa,  use  it.  you  might  want  to  manage  your  iot  devices  through  your  mobile  device  in  a  coffee  shop  across  town.  if  youre  on  public  wifi  generally  not  a  good  idea  use  a  vpn.  for  instance,  norton  secure  vpn  offers  a  number  of  privacy  and  security  features  for  both  public  and  home  wifi.  ensure  that  a  hardware  outage  does  not  result
__label__situationalsurveillance in  an  unsecure  state  for  the  device.  no  doubt  more  iot  devices  are  coming  and  will  angle  for  a  place  in  your  home.  if  they  make  your  life  more  convenient  even  happier  great.  but  dont  forget  to  secure  your  increasingly  smart  home  and  your  iot  devices.  norton  joined  forces  with  lifelock,  we  offer  a  comprehensive  digital  safety  solution  that  helps  protect  your  devices,  connections  and  identity.  follow  us  for  all  the  latest  news,  tips  and  updates.
__label__situationalsurveillance searching  for  your  content...  phone  8887760942  from  8  am  10  pm  et  chat  company  to  demonstrate  unique  power,  connectivity  and  troubleshooting  features  of  taacompliant,  poweroverethernet  switches  that  support  security  and  smart  city  infrastructure  news  provided  by  sep  03,  2019,  08:00  et  share  this  article  ,  /prnewswire/  transition  networks,  inc.,a  leading  provider  of  edge  connectivity  solutions,  today  announced  it  will  showcase  its  poweroverethernet  plus  poe  and  poweroverethernet  plus  plus  poe  switches  for  power  and  connectivity  of  smart  city  internet  of  things  iot  and  security  and  surveillance  devices  at  the  global  security  exchange  gsx  show.  gsx  is  the  security  industrys  flagship  event,
__label__situationalsurveillance bringing  together  cyber,  operational  and  physical  security  professionals  from  across  the  private  and  public  sectors.  the  event  takes  place  ,  at  mccormick  place  in  .  transition  networks  will  exhibit  in  booth  175.  smart  city  poe  switches  on  display  transition  networks  will  display  its  wide  assortment  of  poe  switches,  including  its  managed  hardened  gigabit  poe  switch  ,  which  are  ideal  solutions  for  providing  power  and  connectivity  in  intelligent  transportation  and  other  smart  city  applications.  the  switches  simplify  device  and  power  management  in  outdoor  environments  through  transition  networks  device  management  system  dms  software.  the  embedded  dms  feature  includes  simple  and  timesaving  capabilities
__label__situationalsurveillance for  test  and  turnup  of  systems,  such  as  automatic  discovery  of  connected  devices  and  the  creation  of  interactive  maps  allowing  installers  or  administrators  to  document  baseline  deployments  or  to  monitor  and  conduct  diagnostics  on  connected  devices  directly  from  the  switch.  the  many  management  capabilities  enable  users  to  pinpoint  issues  and  quickly  take  action  remotely,  either  eliminating  truck  rolls  or  allowing  technicians  to  be  better  prepared  to  resolve  issues  in  a  single  service  call.  transition  networks  will  also  demonstrate  its  selfenclosed  managed  hardened  gigabit  ethernet  poe  switch  ,  which  recently  earned  a  .  the  allinone  switch  features  everything  neededoutdoorrated  cabinet,  switch,
__label__situationalsurveillance power  and  surge  protectionpreconfigured  and  optimized  for  powering  and  connecting  security  cameras,  wireless  access  points,  and  other  ipaddressable  devices  mounted  on  street  lights,  buildings  or  in  parking  facilities.  the  switch,  equipped  with  nearfield  communications  nfc  and  a  bluetooth  low  energy  ble  radio,  can  be  scanned  to  configure  right  in  the  box  and  remotely  accessed  for  troubleshooting  through  its  mobile  app  installed  on  a  smart  phone  or  tablet.  as  with  most  transition  networks  switches  it  includes  auto  power  reset  apr  functionality,  which  allows  users  to  remotely  reboot  devices  that  may  have  experienced  a  power  failure,  saving  time  and  operational  expenses.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance future  of  smart  buildings  will  also  be  on  display  via  transition  networks  coalition  with  berktek  and  cree  lighting  through  the  designation  of  a  utility  lan  ulan  supporting  smart  building  infrastructure.  transition  networks  poe  switching  plays  a  key  role  in  delivering  the  connectivity,  bandwidth  and  power  required  by  intelligent  lighting  and  other  connected  devices  in  smart  building  infrastructure.  many  cities  and  other  organizations  are  beginning  to  implement  smart  city  technology  and  iot  solutions  to  enable  more  efficient  and  safer  operations,  said  ,  director,  product  management  and  software  engineering  of  transition  networks.  transition  networks  is  committed  to  developing  solutions  that  meet  these
__label__situationalsurveillance needs,  and  we  look  forward  to  engaging  with  the  security  community  at  gsx  each  year  to  learn  more  about  how  we  can  continue  to  support  them.  for  more  information  on  transition  networks  solutions  or  upcoming  events,  visit  our  .  about  transition  networks,  inc.  transition  networks  provides  edge  connectivity  solutions  to  advance  intelligent  networks  globally  for  enterprises,  integrators,  service  providers,  federal  agencies,  and  the  military.  addressing  the  demands  of  smart  city  and  hybrid  networks,  our  poe  switches  and  converters,adapters,  and  optics  integrate  easily  into  smart  network  applications  in  commercial  and  hardened  environments.  we  are  a  u.s.based  company  known  for  expert  customercentric
__label__situationalsurveillance service  and  built  to  last,  taacompliant  products  with  30  years  of  experience  serving  customers  in  70  countries,  including  more  than  two  thirds  of  the  fortune  100  companies.  transition  networks  is  a  communications  systems  inc.  company  nasdaq:  .  for  more  information,  visit  us  at  10900  red  circle  drive  55343,  call  us  at  1.952.996.7600,  or  visit  our  website  at  .  all  trademarks  mentioned  above  are  owned  by  their  respective  trademark  owners.  statements  regarding  the  companys  anticipated  performance  in  2019  are  forwardlooking  and  involve  risks  and  uncertainties,  including  but  not  limited  to:  competitive  products  and  other  factors  discussed  from  time  to  time  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  companys  filings  with  the  securities  and  exchange  commission.  source  transition  networks,  inc.  more  news  releases  in  similar  topics  you  just  read:  news  provided  by  sep  03,  2019,  08:00  et  share  this  article  share  this  article
__label__situationalsurveillance highly  secure  and  scalable  timeseries  data  storage  for  network  connected  devices.  we  are  tremendously  excited  about  the  possibility  of  att  m2x  and  we  love  discussing  iot.  whatever  your  organizations  needs,  we  can  help  you  identify  the  path  to  success.  send  us  the  information  below  and  we  are  happy  to  discuss  your  iot  vision  and  figure  out  if  we  can  help.  att  m2x  provides  timeseries  data  storage,  device  management,  message  brokering,  event  triggering,  alarming,  and  data  visualization  for  your  industrial  internet  of  things  iot  products  and  services.  as  a  leader  in  machinetomachine  m2m  solutions,  with  over  17  million  connected  devices  communicating
__label__situationalsurveillance over  the  att  mobility  network,  we  can  help  you  realize  the  benefits  of  m2m  in  your  business.  backed  by  atts  worldwide  network,  data  centers  and  operations,  m2x  can  free  your  developers  from  thinking  about  complex  network  protocols  so  that  they  can  focus  on  rapidly  building  m2m  applications  to  bolster  your  businesss  competitive  advantage  and  tap  into  the  industrial  internet  of  things.  att  m2x  was  built  by  developers  for  developers.  offering  a  vast  array  of  client  libraries  and  device  platforms  so  you  can  start  developing  from  day  one.  data  collected  from  your  connected  devices  is  stored  securely  and  access  to  stored
__label__situationalsurveillance data  can  be  managed  on  a  granular  level  from  the  m2x  developer  portal.  we  make  it  easy  for  devices,  apps  and  services  to  analyze  and  take  action  on  the  data  generated  by  your  data  sources.  define  rules  which  create  notifications  that  initiate  action  in  your  business,  from  scheduling  maintenance  to  event  response.  .  all  rights  reserved.  att,  globe  logo  and  other  marks  are  trademarks  of  att  intellectual  property.  all  other  marks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.
__label__situationalsurveillance find  learning  resources  such  as  guides,  ebooks,  previous  webinars,  and  so  much  more.  give  us  a  search  or  reach  out  to  our  customer  support  team.  watch  our  monthly  webinars  dont  understand  something?  find  definitions  to  industryspecific  terms  here.  a  comprehensive  list  of  the  most  popular  events  and  learning  opportunities  in  your  industry.  find  learning  resources  such  as  guides,  ebooks,  previous  webinars,  and  so  much  more.  give  us  a  search  or  reach  out  to  our  customer  support  team.  watch  our  monthly  webinars  dont  understand  something?  find  definitions  to  industryspecific  terms  here.  a  comprehensive  list  of  the  most  popular  events  and  learning
__label__situationalsurveillance opportunities  in  your  industry.  providing  meaningful  services  in  the  age  of  connectivity  the  iot  is  a  network  of  devices  connected  through  the  internet  which  are  capable  of  sending  and  receiving  data.  the  true  strength  of  iot  devices  lies  in  their  ability  to  operate  wirelessly  and  be  monitored  and  controlled  remotely.  common  iot  devices  take  the  form  of  smart  home  devices,  laptops,  smartphones,  sensors,  and  more.  as  become  available,  iot  devices  gain  much  greater  bandwidth  to  perform  a  higher  level  of  functions.  slowly,  advanced  technologies  such  as  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  will  become  commonplace  among  household  items  that  can  deliver
__label__situationalsurveillance deeper,  more  insightful  data.  monitoring  products  in  the  iot  makes  life  easier  for  users  and  distributors  alike.  when  a  sensor  is  in  place,  monitoring  the  status  of  a  piece  of  machinery  or  the  air  quality  in  a  space,  automatic  reports  can  be  produced  and  records  kept  for  companies  required  to  produce  them  on  command  by  regulatory  agencies.  iot  devices  are  more  often  capable  of  delivering  verified  responses  to  the  central  station,  helping  endusers  avoid  costly  fees  and  restrictions  from  their  local  jurisdiction.  ,  todays  security  cameras  often  come  equipped  with  adjustable  motion  sensors  and  integrate  with  the  central  station  to
__label__situationalsurveillance deliver  video  clips  from  the  time  an  alarm  or  motion  sensor  is  triggered.  the  more  modern  version  of  the  classic  cctv  camera  system,  the  family  was  originally  built  for  the  diy  consumer.  because  of  their  mobility,  ease  of  use  and  wireless  nature,  ip  security  cameras  are  taking  the  market  by  storm.  because  of  their  advanced  capabilities  in  detection  motion  and  even  ai  technology  to  identify  objects  in  view,  these  cameras  deliver  a  greater  value  to  dealers  and  consumers  alike.  characterized  by  its  delicate  nature,  environmental  monitoring  consists  of  ensuring  temperatures,  gas  levels  and  other  environmental  factors  are  at  their  desired
__label__situationalsurveillance state.  in  a  hospital  for  example,  refrigerators  have  to  be  kept  at  specific  temperatures,  but  checking  on  the  fridge  every  20  minutes  takes  a  lot  of  time  out  of  an  individuals  day.  this  process,  among  others,  is  easily  automated  and  monitored  by  sensors  and  a  central  station.  the  same  can  be  said  for  any  other  environmental  state.  and  the  best  part,  the  data  all  gets  documented  so  you  can  comply  with  even  the  most  strict  regulations.  thousands  of  cars  are  watched  over  by  crash  detection  technology.  whether  it  is  an  aftermarket  product  or  if  it  is  built  into  the  car
__label__situationalsurveillance itself,  crashes  of  all  types  can  be  monitored  and  managed  by  a  central  station.  the  last  thing  that  any  driver  or  passenger  wants  to  worry  about,  after  a  serious  accident,  is  calling  emergency  services.  this  technology  especially  ensures  that  help  will  be  sent,  no  matter  the  condition  of  the  automobiles  occupants.  has  to  be  ,  and  deliver  consistent,  meaningful  customer  service  every  time.  the  technology  infrastructure  that  a  central  station  uses  to  monitor  your  devices  is  key  in  ensuring  the  results  your  customers  expect.  in  addition,  it  ensures  that  the  central  station  will  receive  every  signal,  every  time.  even  if
__label__situationalsurveillance getty  images  ip  cameras  continue  to  be  vulnerable  the  media  tends  to  love  hacked  camera  stories  who  is  not  looking  through  your  ip  camera?  just  because  hackers  can  spy  through  ip  cameras  doesnt  mean  they  are  responsible  disclosure  is  a  good  thing  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a
__label__situationalsurveillance focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world
__label__situationalsurveillance today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__situationalsurveillance a  couple  of  months  ago,  i  wrote  about  the  enterprise  video  surveillance.  a  few  days  ago,  the  wall  street  journal  :  the  u.s.  armys  decision  to  remove  security  cameras  from  its  military  bases.  the  reason  wasnt  made  entirely  clear,  but  later  this  month  congress  will  hold  a  special  hearing  to  assess  whether  security  cameras  from  certain  manufacturers  pose  potential  risks  to  businesses  as  entryways  to  hackers.  this  is  not  the  first  time  that  concerns  surrounding  certain  manufacturers  have  prompted  u.s.  government  action.  in  2016,  the  u.s.  embassy  in  kabul,  afghanistan,  removed  security  cameras  made  by  chinabased  hikvision.  the  department  of
__label__situationalsurveillance homeland  security,  meanwhile,  has  .  the  simple  fact  remains  that,  no  matter  who  you  are,  people  do  not  like  the  idea  they  might  be  spied  on  by  strangers.  even  if  concerns  are  overblown,  my  bet  is  that  people  will  vote  with  their  wallets.  this  is  all  to  say:  the  market  could  be  in  for  some  big  changes.  at  ,  were  pushing  hard  to  modernize  enterprise  video  surveillance.  we  think  its  time  to  upgrade  the  .  weve  gone  far  beyond  traditional  system  architecture,  which  often  relies  on  equipment  from  a  hodgepodge  of  different  manufacturers,  each  with  different  places  of  origin.  and
__label__situationalsurveillance we  push  for  change  when  it  comes  to  privacy,  having  put  in  place  strict  system  policies  that  govern  our  treatment  of  our  customers  sensitive  data.  in  2018  and  beyond,  i  believe  that  3  trends  will  remain  at  the  fore  of  the  discussion  around  video  surveillance  and,  more  broadly,  the  internet  of  things  iot.  most  people  are  comfortable  with  the  idea  that  their  smartphone  is  manufactured  overseas.  why?  for  the  most  part,  people  trust  the  underlying  software  that  powers  their  devices.  when  a  vulnerability  is  discovered,  for  instance,  companies  like  google  and  apple  typically  respond  quickly  with  a  patch  and  clarify
__label__situationalsurveillance the  nature  of  the  vulnerability.  this  cycle  of  continuous  improvement  and  communication  enabled  by  software  boosts  consumer  confidence  in  their  provider.  its  often  argued  that  the  pace  of  innovation  seen  in  software  simply  cannot  be  matched  in  the  hardware  world.  after  all,  production  cycles  are  longer  and  there  are  hard  costs  associated  with  failure.  while  this  observation  is  true,  it  should  never  be  used  as  a  defense  for  a  slow  pace  of  innovation.  a  piece  of  hardware  thats  designed  to  operate  a  modern  software  stack  can  absolutely  evolve  new  capabilities.  the  unfortunate  truth  for  established  cctv  equipment  makers  is  that
__label__situationalsurveillance they  are  unwilling  or  unable  to  meaningfully  update  the  operating  system  that  their  systems  run.  as  the  iot  era  progresses,  expect  an  intensifying  debate  over  how  sensors  should  be  deployed.  one  camp  will  argue  for  lots  of  lowcost  sensors  that  each  perform  34  simple  tasks.  another  camp  will  argue  for  fewer,  highquality  sensors  that  can  perform  a  higher  number  of  moresophisticated  tasks.  i  expect  that  there  will  be  good  use  cases  for  both  approaches.  for  industrial  use  cases,  for  example,  lowcost  sensors  that  can  track  temperature  or  pressure  are  already  being  deployed  broadly.  in  the  cctv  market,  i  expect  buyers
__label__situationalsurveillance to  favor  higherquality  cameras  that  are  equipped  with  significant  amounts  of  computing  power.  ive  previously  that  securing  the  physical  world  of  iot  will  depend  on  our  ability  to  secure  the  nonphysical  digital  world.  given  the  recent  concerns  about  established  manufacturers  and  also  given  that  the  majority  of  major  cctv  equipment  makers  do  not  have  strong  software  credentials  its  our  belief  that  a  new  paradigm  is  required  to  regain  the  trust  of  the  market.  with  verkada  as  an  emerging  leader  in  the  space,  i  welcome  the  discussion  around  these  topics.  written  by
__label__situationalsurveillance pivot3s  brandon  reich  lends  his  insight  on  everything  from  iot  to  hyperconvergence  login  or  register  now  to  gain  instant  access  to  the  rest  of  this  premium  content  the  dramatic  explosion  of  video  data  expected  over  the  next  several  years  is  a  staggering  testament  to  the  hyperconvergence  of  myriad  iot  technologies.  it  is  predicted  that  video  will  account  for  15.1  zettabytes  of  data  annually,  which  is  more  than  any  other  iot  application.  this  influx  in  data,  as  well  as  the  growing  adoption  of  video  analytics  and  ai,  propels  video  to  be  used  in  a  wide  variety  of  ways.  these  trends  enhance
__label__situationalsurveillance videos  value  but  also  pose  challenges,  such  as  threats  related  to  cybersecurity.  at  the  recent  sia  cyber  secured  forum  in  dallas,  texas.,  brandon  reich,  senior  director  of  surveillance  solutions  for  pivot3  provided  some  insights  into  this  new  world  of  iot  and  its  expanding  role  in  video  surveillance  and  the  cybersecurity  challenges  the  industry  will  face  as  data  is  stored  and  shared  across  the  enterprise.  pivot3  will  be  showcasing  several  of  its  video  surveillance  solutions  this  week  at  gsx  in  chicago  on  september  1012  at  booth  2654,  including  the  pivot3  acuity  iotsurveillance  series,  which  is  purposebuilt  for  demanding,  dataintensive  video  workloads
__label__situationalsurveillance of  any  size.  siw:  as  the  iot  universe  expands,  where  does  video  surveillance  fit  into  the  picture?  brandon  reich:  what  were  concerned  about  is  just  the  explosive  amount  of  growth  that  weve  seen  in  data  generation,  particularly  from  video  surveillance  and  the  implications  that  it  has  around  how  we  secure,  protect  and  ensure  the  ongoing  viability  of  those  systems.  those  are  really  the  two  key  things  that  were  most  concerned  about  and  what  i  want  to  share.  but  were  going  to  do  it  in  the  context  of  this  broader  trend  that  is  called  iot  or  internet  of  things.  for  the
__label__situationalsurveillance most  part,  video  was  really  the  first  original  connected  device;  you  can  say  it  was  the  beginning  of  the  iot  revolution  going  back  decades.  obviously,  video  surveillance  is  not  a  new  technology.  its  been  around  for  decades.  but  the  demand  for  video  surveillance  is  at  an  alltime  high.  there  are  a  couple  of  reasons  for  that.  one  is  we  know  there  have  been  significant  advancements  in  video  technology.  video  quality  and  bandwidth  issues  have  improved  drastically.  weve  seen  that  there  are  more  use  cases  for  the  technology  now.  were  not  just  using  video  for  the  traditional  case  of  catching  the
__label__situationalsurveillance bad  guy.  we  can  use  it  for  business  and  operational  issues,  as  well  as  other  nonsecurity  functions  video  surveillance.  of  course,  the  cost  of  video  technology  has  come  way  down  as  well.  all  of  that  has  led  to  a  huge  demand  for  video  and  that  has  resulted  in  video  increasingly  coming  under  the  auspices  of,  or  under  the  control  of,  it  in  our  organizations.  oftentimes,  at  least  the  infrastructure  part  of  it  is  moving  into  the  data  center,  and  with  that  comes  different  kinds  of  technologies  and  different  kinds  of  expectations  around  how  we  use,  manage  and  secure  all  those
__label__situationalsurveillance technologies.  we  have  to  keep  that  in  mind.  but  video  is  certainly  not  alone  in  the  world  of  iot.  there  are  dozens,  if  not  hundreds  and  thousands  of  different  types  of  sensors  out  there  being  deployed  across  our  facilities,  across  our  cities,  really  across  the  world  and  all  used  for  different  purposes.  oftentimes,  theyre  used  together.  sometimes  theyre  used  separately.  but  all  these  various  sensors  share  one  thing  in  common  and  that  is  that  theyre  l  generating  data  of  some  sort.  that  data  is  being  turned  into  intelligence.  we  can  turn  information  that  a  sensor  is  giving  us  into  something
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  for  us,  right?  but  what  we  dont  always  think  about  are  the  security,  the  information,  the  data  security  implications  of  all  these  different  devices,  all  these  different  sensors  that  are  being  deployed  in  so  many  different  aspects  of  our  world.  siw:  can  you  provide  a  picture  of  what  the  role  of  video  devices  are  currently  playing  in  this  world  of  iot?  reich:  were  starting  to  see  a  little  bit  of  the  iot  industry  characteristics  overlap  into  the  physical  security  world.  but  i  want  to  take  you  through  some  more  of  these  numbers  in  a  little  bit  more  detail  and
__label__situationalsurveillance granularity.  i  think  you  might  find  this  interesting.  gartner  estimates  that  this  year  2019,  one  billion  new  iot  devices  will  be  shipped  and  installed.  of  that  one  billion  devices,  about  10  of  them  or  so  will  be  video  surveillance  cameras.  so,  roughly  about  a  hundred  million  video  surveillance  cameras  will  be  shipped  and  deployed  this  year.  however,  while  those  cameras  only  represent  10  of  all  devices,  those  100  million  security  cameras  are  responsible  for  generating  84  of  all  the  iot  data  in  the  world.  think  about  that  10  of  the  devices  are  responsible  for  84  of  the  data.  if  you
__label__situationalsurveillance step  through  that  even  just  a  little  bit  further,  youll  see  that  video  surveillance  is  responsible  for  generating  about  a  third,  36,  of  all  the  data  in  the  world,  not  just  iot  data  but  all  data.  video  surveillance  is  generating  massive  amounts  of  data.  ihs  now  estimates  that  for  the  first  time  in  our  history,  over  100  million  new  cameras  will  be  shipped  this  year,  which  aligns  with  gartners  projections.  the  fact  that  the  average  resolution  of  the  camera  being  deployed  today  has  gone  from  720p,  just  about  two  and  a  half  to  three  years  ago,  to  close  to  three
__label__situationalsurveillance megapixels  now  creates  another  challenge.  these  cameras  are  generating  much  more  data  as  a  result  of  their  higher  resolution.  wikibon,  which  is  it  analyst  firm,  said  that  in  2019  video  surveillance  will  generate  almost  39  zettabytes  of  new  data.  thats  up  from  15  zettabytes  two  years  ago.  thirtynine  zettabytes  of  new  data.  that  means  that  video  surveillance  is  the  largest  generator  of  new  data  in  the  world  by  a  factor  of  almost  2x.  whats  more,  is  that  the  rate  of  new  data  generated  by  these  cameras  is  increasing  at  about  42  per  year.  you  see  the  implications  now.  were  generating
__label__situationalsurveillance massive  amounts  of  data.  that  data,  because  were  using  it  for  so  many  different  purposes  and  with  so  many  different  technologies,  that  data  is  much  more  important  to  us  than  ever  before.  conversely,  the  need  for  us  to  protect  and  secure  that  data  is  at  an  alltime  high  as  well.  siw:  what  makes  video  data  so  different  from  other  forms  of  data  that  is  stored  and  disseminated  through  an  enterprise  data  center?  reich:  there  are  a  couple  of  things  that  we  need  to  think  about  when  it  comes  to  deploying  infrastructure  technology  for  video.  the  first  one  is  performance.  when
__label__situationalsurveillance i  say  performance,  i  mean  the  infrastructure  systems  ability  to  take  in  or  to  ingest  all  that  video  data  being  generated  by  all  those  cameras  without  any  kind  of  loss.  loss  in  the  video  world  is  a  really  bad  thing.  whats  interesting  about  this  is  a  general  rule  of  thumb  for  most  it  applications  out  there.  it  is  said  that  most  it  applications  spend  20  of  the  time  writing  data  to  a  disc,  while  80  of  the  time  theyre  reading  data  from  a  disc.  as  a  result,  most  it  infrastructure  technology  is  optimized  for  that  sort  of  20  to  80
__label__situationalsurveillance ratio.  but  video  surveillance  is  the  exact  opposite.  video  surveillance  is  more  like  95  to  99  of  the  time  writing  data  to  a  disc,  while  it  spends  a  small  fraction  of  the  time  reading  it.  video  is  also  a  highly  variable  workload.  which  means  that  the  amount  of  data  coming  out  of  those  cameras  can  change  very  quickly,  often  in  a  very  short  period.  when  you  put  those  two  things  together  and  try  to  ingest  data  from  dozens  or  hundreds  or  thousands  of  cameras,  you  can  quickly  overwhelm  your  infrastructures  ability  to  take  all  that  in.  that  leads  to  data
__label__situationalsurveillance loss.  data  loss  in  the  video  world  is  something  called  frame  loss,  and  frame  loss  is  a  really  bad  thing.  it  can  lead  to  either  degradation  of  the  quality  of  the  image  or  it  can  lead  to  the  loss  of  entire  segments  of  video  depending  on  which  frame  you  lose.  we  must  think  about  infrastructure  that  can  perform  in  a  way  to  capture  all  that  video  without  any  kind  of  loss.  the  second  thing  to  think  about  in  infrastructure  deployment  is  resiliency.  when  i  say  resiliency,  what  i  mean  is  protecting  your  systems  against  downtime  and  data  loss  that  might
__label__situationalsurveillance occur  as  a  result  of  major  hardware  failures.  hardware  will  fail.  in  fact,  hardware  used  in  video  surveillance  is  about  three  times  more  likely  to  fail  than  that  same  hardware  used  in  nonvideo  applications.  that  really  goes  back  to  that  first  issue  related  to  constantly  writing  data  to  disc.  in  fact,  google  put  out  a  study  a  couple  of  years  ago  that  proved  a  hard  drive  is  three  times  more  likely  to  fail  when  its  used  for  video  than  when  its  used  for  anything  else.  siw:  so,  what  is  needed  to  guard  against  this  issue?  reich:  we  must  look  at
__label__situationalsurveillance how  do  we  protect  our  systems  against  downtime  and  data  loss  when  those  failures  occur.  most  of  our  it  counterparts  would  say,  you  know,  we  have  lots  of  great  technology  for  resilience.  we  have  things  like  replication  and  snapshots  and  clones  and  cloud  and  backups  and  all  this  stuff.  my  response  to  that  is  typical,  yes,  thats  fine.  however,  when  you  use  those  things  for  video  they  can  either  be  prohibitively  expensive,  because  its  very,  very  expensive  to  replicate  hundreds  of  terabytes  or  petabytes  worth  of  data,  or,  in  many  cases,  a  lot  of  these  technologies  just  dont  work.  you
__label__situationalsurveillance cant  use  snapshots  in  video  systems.  in  some  cases,  the  cloud  becomes  prohibitively  expensive.  we  know  about  the  challenges  with  cloud  in  large  scale  missioncritical  systems.  backing  up  data  technically  can  be  done,  but  if  youve  ever  done  that  and  tried  to  recover  the  data,  it  can  be  a  real  challenge.  we  have  to  think  about  other  methodologies,  other  ways  to  protect  our  systems  against  downtime  and  data  loss  because  hardware  failures  will  occur.  and  while  its  not  necessarily  related  to  protecting  data  or  protecting  video,  we  also  must  consider  scalability  when  dealing  with  infrastructure  deployment.  i  think  the  worst
__label__situationalsurveillance kept  secret  in  the  video  industry  is  that  video  systems  over  time  never  get  smaller.  in  most  cases,  they  almost  always  get  larger  and  there  are  a  lot  of  different  reasons  why  that  happens.  however,  theres  a  common  misperception  out  there  that  as  your  video  system  gets  bigger,  you  simply  scale  your  storage  capacity  to  keep  up.  while  its  true,  you  do  have  to  scale  storage,  you  also  must  scale  compute  and  bandwidth  capacity  and  you  typically  have  to  do  so  linearly,  meaning  together  all  at  the  same  time.  you  always  want  to  do  it  in  a  manner  thats  nondisruptive
__label__situationalsurveillance to  your  existing  applications.  performance,  resiliency,  and  scalability  are  very  critical  things  when  it  comes  to  planning  infrastructure  deployments  for  large  scale  missioncritical  video  surveillance.  siw:  what  areyou  seeing  as  some  of  the  latest  technology  trends  across  both  the  it  and  physical  security  bridge?  reich:  about  adecade  ago,  many  organizations  started  looking  around  all  of  their  functions  and  said,  how  can  we  reduce  costs?  how  can  we  reduce  costs  and  complexity  in  our  organization?  it  was  no  different.  it  started  looking  very  closely  at  their  data  centers.  they  discovered  data  centers  were  massive  cost  centers.  they  were  built  on  big
__label__situationalsurveillance expensive,  complex  hardware,  proprietary  technology.  it  cost  them  an  absolute  fortune  to  set  up,  deploy  and  to  administer.  some  of  the  leading  it  innovators  in  the  world  looked  for  a  different  way  to  do  it.  what  they  came  up  with  was  whats  now  considered  the  concept  of  a  softwaredefined  data  center.  now,  what  that  really  means  is  companies  like  amazon,  facebook,  google  said,  lets  get  rid  of  all  this  big  expensive  proprietary  hardware  that  we  have  in  our  data  center.  lets  just  use  this  low  cost,  offtheshelf  commodity  hardware,  and  lets  replicate  all  the  functionality  of  the  expensive  stuff  with
__label__situationalsurveillance software.  thats  what  they  did;  they  went  out  and  built  their  own  data  centers,  built  their  own  software  and  were  able  to  vastly  reduce  the  cost  and  complexity  of  administering  their  data  centers.  well,  thats  great  for  companies  like  amazon,  facebook,  and  google  who  probably  have  a  couple  thousand  it  people  apiece  in  their  organizations.  but  what  about  everyone  else?  that  led  to  the  emergence  of  an  industry  or  a  data  center  technology  category  called  hyperconverged  infrastructure,  which  is  really  the  same  concept  of  softwaredefined  data  center  solutions  purposebuilt  for  a  specific  type  of  application.  this  is  one  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance big  trends  happening  in  the  it  world  that  has  become  very  relevant  here  to  us  in  the  physical  security  world.  siw:  why  is  the  hyperconverged  infrastructure  approach  gaining  steam?  reich:  hyperconverged  infrastructure  has  evolved  to  the  point  that  its  now  very  commonplace.  its  very  costeffective  and  its  very  usable  in  and  around  physical  security  technology  industry.  hyperconverged  infrastructure  starts  with  low  cost,  offtheshelf  commodity  server  hardware  that  in  many  cases  uses  the  exact  same  hardware  employed  by  nvrs.  then  it  leverages  software,  some  that  are  specialized,  to  turn  groups  of  those  servers  into  enterpriseclass  data  center  infrastructure  that  can  be
__label__situationalsurveillance optimized  specifically  for  a  workload  or  an  application.  in  this  case,  for  video  surveillance.  some  of  the  highlevel  benefits  you  can  achieve  include  much  higher  levels  of  resiliency,  eliminating  downtime,  eliminating  data  loss  that  might  occur  when  hardware  failures  happen,  which  are  inevitable.  you  can  achieve  and  sustain  the  highest  levels  of  video  performance  and  eliminate  frame  loss.  since  it  is  all  softwaredefined,  you  can  tune  this  infrastructure  specifically  for  a  video  surveillance  application.  you  can  also  scale  it  by  starting  small  and  then  scaling  bandwidth,  storage  and  compute  together  over  time  as  your  needs  and  your  budgets  change.  most
__label__situationalsurveillance importantly,  you  are  able  to  reduce  the  cost  and  complexity  associated  with  this  kind  of  enterpriseclass  infrastructure  for  physical  security  now,  and  you  do  that  by  having  the  ability  to  consolidate  multiple  different  workloads,  multiple  different  technologies,  video  surveillance,  access  control,  analytics,  visitor  management  whatever  your  applications  are.  it  can  eliminate  the  need  to  buy  servers  and  hardware  for  all  those  different  systems  and  consolidate  them  while  being  able  to  administer  all  of  it  through  a  nice  single  pane  of  glass.  this  concept  of  hyperconverged  infrastructure  brings  the  benefits  of  enterpriseclass  infrastructure  technology  without  the  cost  and  complexity  typically  associated
__label__situationalsurveillance with  that.  steve  lasky  is  the  editorial  director  of  securityinfowatch  security  media,  which  includes  print  publications  security  technology  executive,  security  dealer  integrator,  locksmith  ledger  intl,  and  the  worldsmost  trafficked  security  web  portal  securityinfowatch.com.  he  is  a  30year  veteran  of  the  security  industry  and  a  27year  member  of  asis.  you  can  contact  him  at  it  is  predicted  that  video  will  account  for  15.1  zettabytes  of  data  annually,  which  is  more  than  any  other  iot  application.  brandon  reich,  senior  director  of  surveillance  solutions  for  pivot3.  securityinfowatch.com  delivers  businessbuilding  content  in  print,  online,  via  email  and  social  media.  stay  up  to  date  by
__label__situationalsurveillance have  an  account?  need  an  account?  help  enable  your  network  and  security  teams  to  collaborate  effectively  in  a  highly  scalable  environment  that  combines  video,  advanced  analytics  and  iot  sensor  integration.  video  surveillance  manager  provides  a  comprehensive,  policybased  system  for  physical  security  and  video  surveillance  to  increase  worker  productivity  across  thousands  of  cameras.  see  how  cisco  video  surveillance  manager  can  improve  security  and  productivity.  9:54  min  chat  live  with  a  cisco  representative  cisco:
__label__situationalsurveillance the  use  cases  listed  below  allow  you  to  concretely  identify  the  security  challenges  faced  by  iot  devices  and  applications  and  to  understand  how  they  can  be  solved.  the  use  cases  are  either  actual  implementations  or  readily  available  reference  designs.  on  one  hand,  the  use  cases  describe  what  the  security  challenge  was  and  what  benefits  the  security  solution  brings.  on  the  other  hand  they  explain  how  the  security  solution  works.  they  additionally  allow  you  to  concretely  identify  how  our  preferred  security  partners  can  support  you.  if  the  use  case  is  of  interest  to  you  and  can  help  you  create  or  protect
__label__situationalsurveillance value  for  your  own  business,  you  can  contact  via  the  website  the  partner  who  elaborated  the  use  case  and  investigate  how  this  partner  could  support  you  in  the  design  and  implementation  of  the  related  security  solution  for  you.  the  partners  will  regularly  update  this  list  with  new  use  cases.  0100  oct  28,  2019  pdf  711  kb  0100  oct  15,  2019  pdf  1.39  mb  0200  aug  12,  2019  pdf  887  kb  0100  aug  01,  2019  pdf  745  kb  0100  feb  12,  2019  pdf  1.06  mb  0100  dec  11,  2018  pdf  759  kb  0218  jul  11,  2018  pdf  2.4  mb  0118  jul
__label__situationalsurveillance 05,  2018  pdf  584  kb  0118  jan  24,  2018  pdf  634  kb  0100  dec  18,  2017  pdf  826  kb  0100  nov  27,  2017  pdf  258  kb  0100  nov  24,  2017  pdf  566  kb  0918  nov  21,  2017  pdf  405  kb  0600  oct  17,  2017  pdf  1.27  mb  0100  aug  08,  2017  pdf  923  kb  0100  aug  08,  2017  pdf  826  kb  0100  jul  03,  2017  pdf  525  kb  0100  may  26,  2017  pdf  522  kb  0100  may  15,  2017  pdf  642  kb  0200  oct  10,  2019  pdf  828  kb  0217  feb  15,  2017  pdf  809  kb  0100  oct  25,  2016
__label__situationalsurveillance pdf  721  kb  0100  oct  24,  2016  pdf  475  kb  0100  oct  18,  2016  pdf  803  kb  0100  oct  18,  2016  pdf  593  kb  0916  sep  22,  2016  pdf  796  kb  0500  aug  31,  2016  pdf  514  kb  0200  jun  20,  2016  pdf  383  kb  0200  jun  20,  2016  pdf  495  kb  0200  jun  20,  2016  pdf  389  kb  0200  jun  20,  2016  pdf  351  kb  0300  jun  20,  2016  pdf  308  kb  0200  jun  20,  2016  pdf  336  kb  0700  jun  16,  2016  pdf  479  kb  1999  2019infineon  technologies  ag  in  order  to  optimize  your  browsing  experience  infineon  uses
__label__situationalsurveillance ,  principal  analyst  is  your  organization  currently  deploying  or  planning  to  deploy  internet  of  things  iot  solutions  as  part  of  your  digital  transformation  strategy?  check  out  the  video  to  hear  what  types  of  iot  use  cases  enterprises  are  deploying  to  transform  operations.  iot  use  cases  such  as  facility  management,  security,  and  surveillance  enhance  operational  processes,  while  other  use  cases  address  specialized  needs  in  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  healthcare,  and  retail.  we  hope  you  will  watch  the  short  video  above,  and  clients  can  read  the  full  report,  .  stay  tuned  for  updates  from  the  forrester  blogs.  stay  tuned  for  updates  from
__label__situationalsurveillance this  article  is  courtesy  of  techrepublic  premium.  for  more  content  like  this,  as  well  as  a  full  library  of  ebooks  and  whitepapers,  sign  up  for  premium  today.  read  more  about  it  .  the  number  and  variety  of  enterprise  iot  initiatives  are  growing,  but  gartner  says  most  businesses  are  still  holding  back.  here  are  some  compelling  use  cases  and  what  companies  can  take  away  from  them.  in  a  2015  survey  conducted  by  gartner,  only  29  of  respondents  were  using  iotbut  gartner  predicted  that  by  the  start  of  2017,  .  among  were  data  center  monitoring  and  automation,  supply  chain  and  inventory  management,
__label__situationalsurveillance facility  management,  personalized  advertising,  asset  management,  security  monitoring  and  surveillance,  and  patient  monitoring.  but  beyond  this  range  of  iot  projects,  a  majority  of  companies  still  had  either  formative  plans  or  no  plans  to  implement  iot.  with  all  of  the  hype  about  iot,  why  are  some  organizations  moving  slowly?  some  companies  simply  dont  see  a  need  for  iot  in  their  operations;  others  are  concerned  about  the  changes  that  the  technology  might  create  in  business  processes  that  have  worked  relatively  wellprocesses  everyone  understands.  in  other  cases,  companies  feel  that  they  simply  dont  have  the  bandwidth  or  the  expertise  to  address  iot  or
__label__situationalsurveillance that  investing  in  iot  would  create  a  budgetary  strain.  download  this  article  and  thousands  of  whitepapers  and  ebooks  from  our  premium  library.  enjoy  expert  it  analyst  briefings  and  access  to  the  top  it  professionals,  all  in  an  adfree  experience.  the  bottom  line  here  is  that  many  companies  still  need  to  be  convinced  of  iots  benefits.  for  iot  promoters,  then,  the  task  is  to  show  how  iot  really  helps  companies  and  just  what  the  payoff  is.  here  are  five  realworld  examples  of  beneficial  iot  at  work.  for  years  the  food  and  grocery  industry  has  done  track  and  trace,  but  the  problem
__label__situationalsurveillance was  that  the  information  wasnt  necessarily  visible  to  all  parties,  said  frederick  wu,  president  and  founder  of  ,  which  provides  iot  cold  chain  solutions.  without  this  visibility,  it  is  difficult  to  track  so  you  can  prevent  something  from  happening,  and  this  costs  companies  money.  if  a  customer  returns  a  head  of  lettuce  to  a  retailer  because  it  spoils,  it  is  possible  that  its  shelf  life  was  reduced  because  it  wasnt  property  refrigerated  at  some  point  along  the  supply  chainbut  you  have  to  know  where  the  problem  occurred  if  youre  going  to  take  meaningful  steps  to  avoid  waste  in  the  future.
__label__situationalsurveillance wu  and  others  maintain  that  theyre  getting  less  goods  spoilage  and  greater  profit  margins  because  of  iots  ability  to  monitor  perishable  goods.  logistics  companies  can  now  plan  best  routes  for  drivers,  monitor  in  real  time  the  location  of  any  vehicle,  redeploy  trucks  on  alternate  routes  when  changes  in  transportation  plans  occur,  and  even  monitor  truck  braking,  engine  performance,  etc.,  to  assess  whether  drivers  are  driving  safely  and  fuel  consciously.  all  this  data  is  collected  by  iot  sensors  that  automatically  transmit  back  to  headquarters.  this  saves  drivers  from  making  out  logging  reports  and  also  gives  a  single  pane  of  glass  view
__label__situationalsurveillance of  all  logistics  routes  to  managers  at  hq  at  a  given  point  in  time.  the  practice  has  reduced  carbon  footprints  for  transportation  companies  in  their  sustainability  practices,  which  many  of  their  customers  demand  to  see  as  part  of  the  vendor  evaluation  process.  iot  has  improved  driver  monitoring  and  ontime  deliveries,  as  well.  on  the  bottom  line,  and  given  food  and  transportation  companies  a  competitive  advantagekey  factors,  since  fuel  can  account  for  10  of  the  total  cost  of  a  consumer  product.  in  melbourne,  australia,  on  trams  to  detect  when  rails  and/or  tram  components  are  beginning  to  fail.  when  they  detect  potential
__label__situationalsurveillance issues,  they  send  out  crews  to  perform  preventive  maintenance  to  keep  the  trams  running  without  interruptions  to  customers.  should  there  be  an  interruption  in  service,  the  system  also  autoissues  warnings  and  recommendations  for  alternate  routes  to  the  mobile  devices  of  commuters.  the  practices  build  customer  satisfaction  and  keep  the  trams  running.  tram  punctuality  and  service  delivery  are  always  a  priority  at  yarra  trams,  said  neil  roberts,  director  of  ict  at  yarra  trams.  access  to  this  important  information  enables  operations  teams  to  ensure  our  fleet  regularly  exceeds  punctuality  and  service  delivery  goals.  often  faced  with  dangerous  and  inaccessible  locations  they  must
__label__situationalsurveillance explore  and  evaluate,  mining  companies  have  begun  relying  on  iotequipped  drones  to  survey  these  difficulttoaccess  areas.  this  eliminates  the  expense  and  the  risk  of  sending  out  an  ontheground  team  of  human  surveyors.  data  gets  reported,  consolidated,  and  analyzed  sooner,  and  surveyor  field  hours  are  conserved.  together,  these  savings  contribute  to  leaner  operations  and  faster  times  to  actionable  data.  fertilizer  is  a  major  cost  factor  for  farmers,  concerning  them  almost  as  much  as  the  weather.  now,  fertilizer  spreaders  equipped  with  iot  can  use  software  when  spreading  a  field.  this  iotgis  geographic  information  system  technology  autodetects  when  soil  types  or  other  natural
__label__situationalsurveillance outcroppings  within  each  field  require  different  fertilizer  mixes  for  optimal  crop  yield.  the  spreader  takes  this  information  and  makes  an  automatic  adjustment  to  the  mix.  in  eastern  north  carolina,  the  fields  tend  to  be  poorly  drained,  so  there  are  many  open  surface  ditches  to  facilitate  drainage  and  the  fields  tend  to  be  long  and  narrow,  said  carl  crozier,  professor  of  crop  and  soil  science  and  extension  specialist  at  ncsu.  consequently,  when  planning  out  a  grid  for  fertilization,  these  ditches  have  to  be  planned  for  as  the  fertilization  driving  pattern  is  mapped  out.  how  can  companies  on  the  iot  sidelines  learn
__label__situationalsurveillance in  iot  security,  concerns  and  confusion  remain.  an  iot  security  strategy  for  a  construction  company  has  to  focus  on  not  only  preventing  intrusion  but  also  quick  detection  and  recovery.  the  security  of  iot  implementations  continues  to  be  the  leading  impediment  to  deploying  iot  initiatives  in  the  construction  industry.  in  addition  to  a  reliance  on  mobile  devices  such  as  smartphones  and  laptops,  the  construction  industry  is  increasingly  adopting  new  technologies  like  .  iot  sensors  are  useful  because  they  provide  realtime  monitoring  and  data  collection,  while  virtual  reality  can  create  simulations  of  building  designs.  additionally,  iot  sensors  can  be  used  to  access
__label__situationalsurveillance data,  the  causes  of  physical  malfunction  of  physical  infrastructure,  ,  and  .  integrated  project  delivery  through  iot  technologies  opens  a  world  of  safety,  training  and  efficiency  opportunities,  but  also  increases  vulnerabilities  of  attacks  from  malicious  actors.  the  characteristics  of  the  construction  industry  make  it  a  challenging  environment  to  implement  ubiquitous  technologies  like  iot.  first,  the  construction  industrys  workforce  is  fluid;  many  construction  industry  employees  work  in  the  field  using  laptops,  smartphones,  and  tablets  rather  than  traditional  office  environments.  second,  reliance  on  subcontractors  can  present  unique  challenges,  including  training.  finally,  the  completion  of  any  project  typically  involves  dozens  of  companies  the
__label__situationalsurveillance sharing  of  vast  quantities  of  confidential  data  including  bids,  blueprints,  employee  records  and  financial  information.  forwardlooking  construction  companies  now  rely  heavily  on  cloud  infrastructure  to  manage  project  blueprints  and  sensitive  customer  data  needed  for  multimilliondollar  projects  across  wide  geographical  areas.  as  the  adoption  of  iot  technology  continues  to  grow  rapidly,  security  teams  have  to  consider  new  approaches  to  detect  stealthy  insiders  and  respond  to  sophisticated  threats  across  a  dispersed  digital  infrastructure.  in  addition  to  the  worksite  challenges  faced  by  construction  companies,  additional  hurdles  include  the  lack  of  adequately  skilled  staff,  inadequate  budgets  and  change  management  issues.  in  particular,  top  management
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  sector  underestimates  the  threats  and  risks  that  arise  because  of  iot  deployments.  they  lack  guidance  on  particulars  and  scope  to  enable  them  to  assess  threats  and  manage  risk.  the  construction  sector  is  impacted  by  cyber  risks  that  arise  from  enterprisesystem  technology  and  projectspecific  technology.  enterpriserelated  risks  it  or  ot  security  are  well  understood  and  include  the  loss  of  client  data  or  confidential  project  information  data,  intellectual  property  and  sensitive  commercial  material,  employee  data,  subcontractor  and  supply  chain  management  data  and/or  financials  and  outage  or  disruption  related  to  critical  software,  applications,  data  or  networks.  iot  security  falls  under  projectspecific
__label__situationalsurveillance technology.  projectspecific  technologies  could  relate  to  asset  management  and  control  systems,  site  access,  monitoring,  or  other  operating  systems.  iot  security  is  the  protection  of  the  confidentiality,  integrity  and  availability  of  an  iot  solution  or  device.  iot  security  is  a  journey  which  starts  by  making  sure  the  organization  has  enough  knowledge  on  what  devices/solutions  to  buy,  how  to  perform  secure  integrations,  how  to  ensure  that  the  solution  or  device  operates  smoothly  and  efficiently  at  scale  and  how  to  enable  safe  and  secure  communications.  its  about  making  sure  the  iot  device/solution  operates  as  expected,  communicates  securely  and  has  enough  resilience  to  absorb
__label__situationalsurveillance attacks.  beyond  that,  good  iot  security  practices  ensure  that  no  rogue  devices  connect  to  the  iot  infrastructure  and  prevents  the  user  of  a  solution/device  from  doing  anything  unintended  by  the  designers  of  the  device  or  owners  of  the  data,  whether  by  accident  or  malice.  iot  security  is  about  making  everything  work  as  expected  and  keeping  unauthorized  users  and  authorized  users  who  could  be  a  threat  from  potentially  doing  anything  that  compromises  the  iot  system.  iot  is  the  best  space  to  launch  an  attack.  the  systems  are  usually  less  mature  in  terms  of  security  than  server  and  pc  systems.  the  remoteness
__label__situationalsurveillance of  some  of  the  devices  allows  for  the  attackers  to  be  physically  present  and  manipulate  hardware  at  their  leisure  which  would  not  happen  in  a  secure  office  setting.  the  best  approach  to  iot  security  is  built  around  the  before/during/after  approach.  before:  prevent  system  compromise  and  unauthorized  access.  during:  monitor  and  detect  a  breach  as  quickly  as  possible.  after:  quickly  assess  and  minimize  damage.  iot  security  focuses  on  the  following  broad  areas;  device  security  the  physical  destruction  or  attack  on  terminal  devices  such  as  sensors  and  rfid  tags,  data  security  data  loss  or  tampering,  access  management  privacy  and  confidentiality  and  active
__label__situationalsurveillance security  maintenance  of  control.  every  organization  that  deploys  iot  solutions  must  have  a  plan  to  ensure  trust,  identity,  privacy,  protection,  safety  and  security  of  devices  and  people.  its  important  to  recognize  that  an  iot  device  or  solution  is  likely  to  be  attacked  or  compromised  at  some  point  in  its  lifecycle.  leading  organizations  treat  security  as  a  manageable  risk  to  be  considered  and  countered  along  with  all  other  risks  they  manage.  the  first  step  in  managing  cyber  risk  is  to  identify  sources  of  potential  risk.  construction  companies  should  conduct  audits  that  gauge  employee  access  to  and  use  of  critical  and  sensitive
__label__situationalsurveillance data,  including  personally  identifiable  information  and  proprietary  corporate  assets.  this  audit  should  determine  who  has  access  to  such  information  and  critical  systems  and  take  stock  of  existing  capabilities  for  monitoring  inappropriate  system  access  and  potential  security  events.  once  completed,  businesses  should  develop  formal,  written  policies  regarding  the  use  of  corporate  networks,  and  ensure  that  access  to  sensitive  data  is  restricted  only  to  parties  that  require  it.  while  iot  security  practices  are  still  evolving,  a  set  of  best  practices  is  emerging:  make  iot  security  inherent  in  the  iot  process  from  the  start.  use  hardware  that  incorporates  security  features  beyond  encryption  or
__label__situationalsurveillance physically  secure  critical  technologies.  laptops,  smartphones,  tablets  and  portable  media  devices  along  with  emerging  technologies  that  are  often  present  on  construction  sites,  such  as  wearable  devices  can  present  significant  data  security  threats  if  lost,  stolen  or  hacked.  make  security  a  priority  for  everybody  involved  with  the  organization.  educate,  share  and  discuss  iot  security  best  practices.  stay  abreast  of  developments  in  iot  security  and  regularly  update  employees,  partners  and  vendors  on  how  to  identify,  avoid  and  report  potentially  malicious  activity  on  corporate  networks.  the  most  effective  way  to  handle  iot  security  is  to  treat  it  as  a  journey;  be  smart  and
__label__situationalsurveillance proactive  when  it  comes  to  iot  risks.  make  security  a  top  priority  for  everybody  in  the  organization  as  well  as  outside  partners  and  vendors.  dont  be  naive  and  appreciate  that  there  are  many  reasons  somebody  would  hack  your  iot  solution  ranging  from  thrill,  political  statements,  an  act  of  war  or  terror,  expectations  of  financial  gain  by  stealing  data  or  trade  secrets  for  competitive  advantage,  hobble  you  as  a  competitor,  disrupt  your  business  strategy  or  an  employee  attempting  to  exact  revenge.  you  should  reward  users  who  find  and  report  bugs  especially  defects  likely  to  expose  zeroday  exploits.  the  construction  industry  is
__label__situationalsurveillance heavily  decentralized  and  involves  several  stakeholders.  without  thorough  and  regular  training  and  buyin  from  all  personnel,  even  the  most  robust  cyber  risk  management  plans  can  be  rendered  ineffective.  businesses  should  also  implement  strong  internal  controls,  including  the  resetting  of  passwords  every  90  days,  multifactor  authentication  and  randomized  default  passwords.  use  the  most  current  operating  system  and  libraries  with  updated  firewalls  and  security  patches.  despite  the  added  expense,  investing  in  a  robust  set  of  firewalls  that  require  user  authentication  can  be  beneficial.  businesses  should  also  institute  secure  file  sharing,  advanced  email  and  web  filtering  and  separate  wifi  networks  for  subcontractors,  architects
__label__situationalsurveillance and  engineers.  use  automatic  updates  to  fix  and  patch  bugs  and  vulnerabilities  in  field  devices.  closely  monitor  thirdparty  risk.  assess  the  cybersecurity  processes  of  any  third  parties  that  access  or  retain  critical  data.  seek  to  build  favorable  hold  harmless  agreements  into  contracts  with  thirdparty  vendors.  also,  establish  procedures  to  evaluate  any  thirdparty  service  providers  if  applicable  and,  as  discussed,  review  their  agreements,  limiting  as  much  liability  to  your  company  as  possible,  and  assess  their  cybersecurity  processes.  develop  detailed  data  breach  response  plans.  planning  can  enable  an  organization  to  act  swiftly,  decisively  and  effectively  to  minimize  damage  from  a  breach  and
__label__situationalsurveillance any  resulting  claims  or  regulatory  actions.  purchase  cyber  insurance.  a  cybersecurity  breach  is  not  a  matter  of  if  but  when.  having  insurance  coverage  against  cyberattacks  makes  business  sense.  understand  that  iot  doesnt  have  a  security  silver  bullet.  the  scope  and  variety  of  iot  solutions  effectively  prevent  the  emergence  of  faultless  security  defense.  iot  technology  is  fluid,  the  solutions  are  continually  evolving  and  so  too  are  the  threats  and  attack  vectors.  iot  solutions  are  constantly  evolving  and  so  should  your  iot  defense  strategy.  while  cyber  insurance  policies  have  historically  been  most  often  associated  with  data  and  privacy  breaches,  todays  cyber  policies
__label__situationalsurveillance cover  the  failure  of  technology  and  the  resulting  interruption  or  loss  of  revenue.  be  smart  and  practice  good  cyber  hygiene  practices:  use  secure  passwords  from  password  generators  and  implement  multifactor  authentication  among  other  standard  security  measures.  most  security  breaches  take  advantage  of  wellknown  vulnerabilities  that  havent  been  addressed  despite  ample  alerts  and  most  attackers  are  known  to  you:  employees,  contractors  or  partners.  deploy  end  to  end  security,  from  the  device  to  the  cloud.  collaborate  with  partners  and  vendors  as  a  security  strategy.  choose  the  best  partners  and  build  security  into  your  iot  ecosystem  from  the  start  e.g.  ,  ,  ,
__label__situationalsurveillance ,  ,  ,  ,  and  are  iot  securityfocused  companies  among  others.  iot  security  isnt  something  you  should  tackle  alone.  find  and  collaborate  with  partners  inside  and  outside  your  organization.  extend  it  security  architecture  to  ot  and  then  augment  it  with  specific  security  needs,  issues  and  concerns  in  mind.  go  to  iot  security  conferences,  especially  events  where  your  peers  showcase  practical  implementations  being  deployed  and  share  best  practices.  adopt  industrysupported  standards  everywhere  theyre  available.  treat  proprietary  solutions  with  caution.  be  guided  by  standards  bodies  and  trade  associations.  e.g.  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  etc.  the  iot  industry  is  increasingly  coming
__label__situationalsurveillance together  to  drive  common  security  standards  and  best  practices.  seek  top  management  support  for  security  initiatives.  make  them  aware  that  iot  security  is  another  businesscritical  challenge  they  need  to  consider.  automate  and  monitor  iot  security  end  to  end.  manual  efforts  cannot  keep  pace  with  the  volume  of  events  in  an  iot  ecosystem.  cocreate  solutions  with  it  vendors  to  expand  software  capabilities  to  handle  iot  security  vulnerabilities.  investment  in  iot  security  has  to  be  commensurate  with  the  likelihood  of  risk  and  the  potential  value  of  the  loss  or  damage.  different  types  and  levels  of  vulnerability  produce  different  threats  with  the  potential
__label__situationalsurveillance for  different  damage.  the  best  way  to  protect  your  organization  is  to  start  with  solid  risk  identification,  assessment  and  management.  like  all  businesses,  construction  companies  must  adopt  a  robust  cybersecurity  risk  management  strategy  and  take  the  time  to  understand  the  exposures  associated  with  iot  deployments.  iot  technology  can  be  a  source  of  strength,  but  any  breach  or  technology  interruption  that  disrupts  critical  workflows  and  operations  can  lead  to  project  delays  and  substantial  losses  for  the  business  and  other  project  stakeholders.  however,  security  is  not  a  technology  issue.  deploying  iot  means  your  organization  is  becoming  a  digital  enterprise  which  needs  an
__label__situationalsurveillance integrated,  companywide  security  strategy  and  risk  management  plan  that  involves  employees  at  every  level.  more  emphasis  has  to  be  placed  on  security  policies,  best  practices  and  tools  that  autonomously  prioritize,  contain  and  defeat  attacks  based  on  sound  risk  management  as  part  of  everything  the  company  does.  separation  of  systems  or  staying  offline  as  a  security  strategy  is  no  longer  imaginable  and  neither  is  it  the  most  effective  approach  of  operating  a  modern  business.  without  seamless  interoperability  and  integration,  there  is  little  improvement  in  business  outcomes  and  hence  no  reason  for  iot.
__label__situationalsurveillance contents  by  2020,  it  is  estimated  that  the  number  of  connected  devices  is  expected  to  grow  exponentially  to  50  billion.  the  main  driver  for  this  growth  is  not  human  population;  rather,  the  fact  that  devices  we  use  every  day  e.g.,  refrigerators,  cars,  fans,  lights  and  operational  technologies  such  as  those  found  on  the  factory  floor  are  becoming  connected  entities  across  the  globe.  this  world  of  interconnected  things  where  the  humans  are  interacting  with  the  machines  and  machines  are  talking  with  other  machines  m2m  is  here  and  it  is  here  to  stay.  the  internet  of  things  iot  can  be  defined  as
__label__situationalsurveillance a  pervasive  and  ubiquitous  network  which  enables  monitoring  and  control  of  the  physical  environment  by  collecting,  processing,  and  analyzing  the  data  generated  by  sensors  or  smart  objects.  the  concepts  and  technologies  that  have  led  to  the  iot,  or  the  interconnectivity  of  realworld  objects,  have  existed  for  some  time.  many  people  have  referred  to  machinetomachine  m2m  communications  and  iot  interchangeably  and  consider  them  one  and  the  same.  in  reality,  m2m  can  be  viewed  as  a  subset  of  the  iot.  the  iot  is  a  more  encompassing  phenomenon,  which  includes  machinetohuman  communication  m2h,  radio  frequency  identification  rfid,  locationbased  services  lbs,  labonachip  loc  sensors,
__label__situationalsurveillance augmented  reality  ar,  robotics  and  vehicle  telematics.  many  of  these  technologies  are  the  result  of  developments  in  military  and  industrial  supply  chain  applications;  their  common  feature  is  to  combine  embedded  sensory  objects  with  communication  intelligence,  running  data  over  a  mix  of  wired  and  wireless  networks.  in  a  broader  context,  the  architecture  encompasses  the  internet  of  things  plus  business  engineering  insights  captured  from  the  information  transmitted  by  these  socalled  smart  objects.  the  focus  and  scope  of  this  paper  is  solely  on  the  security  aspects  of  the  internet  of  things.  the  capability  of  embedded  and  distributed  intelligence  in  the  network  is  a
__label__situationalsurveillance core  architectural  component  of  the  iot  for  three  main  reasons:  data  collection:  network  resource  preservation:  closed  loop  functioning:  this  distributed  intelligence  capability  is  known  as  fog  computing,  an  architecture  specifically  designed  to  process  data  and  events  from  iot  devices  closer  to  the  source  as  opposed  to  a  central  data  center  also  known  as  cloud.  in  summary,  fog  computing  is  an  expansion  of  the  cloud  paradigm.  it  is  similar  to  cloud  computing  but  closer  to  the  ground.  the  fog  computing  architecture  extends  the  cloud  out  into  the  physical  world  of  things.  service  management  systems  sms  also  known  as  management  systems,  network
__label__situationalsurveillance management  systems,  or  backend  systems  are  the  brains  within  an  iot  architecture.  sms  interacts  with  intelligent  databases  that  contain  intellectual  capital  information,  contract  information,  policy  information,  manufacturing  and  historical  data.  sms  also  support  image  recognition  technologies  to  identify  objects,  people,  buildings,  places,  logos,  and  anything  else  that  have  value  to  consumers  and  enterprises.  smartphones  and  tablets  equipped  with  cameras  have  pushed  this  technology  from  mainly  industrial  applications  to  broad  consumer  and  enterprise  applications.  the  types  of  data  these  systems  support  and  maintain  continue  to  evolve.  an  important  inflection  point  occurred  in  2008,  when  the  number  of  things  connected  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance internet  surpassed  the  human  population.  the  adoption  rate  of  the  iot  is  trending  to  be  at  least  five  times  faster  than  the  adoption  of  electricity  and  telephony,  shown  in  figure  1.  this  equates  to  about  six  things  for  every  person  on  earth.  a  interesting  trend  contributing  to  the  growth  of  the  iot  is  the  shift  from  the  consumerbased  ipv4  internet  of  tablets  and  laptops,  that  is,  information  technology  it,  to  an  operational  technology  otbased  ipv6  internet  of  machinetomachine  interactions.  this  includes  sensors,  smart  objects  and  clustered  systems  for  example,  smart  grid.  figure  1.  iot  growth  from  a  technology  perspective,  there
__label__situationalsurveillance are  three  main  drivers  that  contribute  to  the  growth  of  the  iot:  ubiquitous  computing:  ubiquitous  use  of  ip:  ubiquitous  connectivity:  essentially,  the  enhancements  and  progress  in  these  technologies  have  allowed  the  development  of  iot  devices  such  as  sensors  that  have  compute,  storage  and  network  capabilities  built  into  extremely  small  form  factors  with  low  energy  requirements.  researchers  and  early  adopters  have  been  further  encouraged  by  advancements  in  wireless  technologies,  including  radio  and  satellite;  miniaturization  of  devices  and  industrialization;  and  increasing  bandwidth,  computing,  and  storage  power.  all  of  this  provides  an  opportunity  to  reduce  management  and  operational  costs  by  converting  these  systems
__label__situationalsurveillance from  the  legacy  platforms,  such  as  modbus  or  other  serial  communication  protocols,  to  an  ipenabled  infrastructure.  as  shown  in  figure  2,  many  protocols  have  been  developed  at  all  layers  of  the  international  organization  for  standardization  iso  stack  to  enable  the  operation  of  iot  devices.  from  messaging  protocols  such  as  the  constrained  application  protocol  coap,  to  highly  extensible  routing  protocols  such  as  the  routing  protocol  for  lowpower  and  lossy  networks  rpl.  the  important  thing  to  understand  about  these  protocols  is  that  they  have  been  designed  with  energy  preservation  in  mind,  along  with  low  compute  and  memory  requirements.  the  ipv6  internet  is
__label__situationalsurveillance one  of  the  most  important  enablers  of  the  iot  as  it  is  not  possible  to  add  billions  of  devices  to  the  ipv4  internet.  it  follows  that  the  security  considerations  and  implications  of  ipv6  are  fundamental  to  securing  the  iot.  figure  2.  samples  of  iot  protocols  in  many  cases,  a  major  disruption  of  the  traditional  model  brings  its  own  set  of  challenges.  the  following  lists  some  security  challenges  and  considerations  in  designing  and  building  iot  devices  or  systems:  the  iot  entities  will  generally  not  be  a  singleuse,  singleownership  solution.  the  devices  and  the  control  platform  on  which  data  may  be  consumed
__label__situationalsurveillance and  shared  could  have  different  ownership,  policy,  managerial  and  connectivity  domains.  consequently,  devices  will  be  required  to  have  equal  and  open  access  to  a  number  of  data  consumers  and  controllers  concurrently,  while  still  retaining  privacy  and  exclusivity  of  data  where  that  is  required  between  those  consumers.  information  availability  while  providing  data  isolation  between  common  customers  is  critical.  we  must  establish  the  appropriate  identity  controls  and  build  trust  relationships  between  entities  to  share  the  right  information.  there  are  seemingly  competing,  complex  security  requirements  to  be  deployed  on  a  platform  with  potentially  limited  resources:  these  issues  have  particular  relevance  in  the  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance where  secure  availability  of  data  is  of  paramount  importance.  for  example,  a  critical  industrial  process  may  rely  on  accurate  and  timely  temperature  measurement.  if  that  endpoint  is  undergoing  a  denial  of  service  dos  attack,  the  process  collection  agent  must  somehow  be  made  aware.  in  such  an  event,  the  system  should  be  able  take  appropriate  actions  in  realtime,  such  as  sourcing  data  from  a  secondary  connection,  or  delay  the  information  transmission.  it  must  also  be  able  to  distinguish  between  lossofdata  due  to  an  ongoing  dos  attack  and  loss  of  the  device  due  to  a  catastrophic  event  in  the  plant.  it  might
__label__situationalsurveillance accomplish  this  by  using  learning  machine  techniques  for  example,  comparing  a  normal  operational  state  to  an  attack  state  previously  learned.  while  many  existing  security  technologies  and  solutions  can  be  leveraged  in  a  network  architecture,  especially  across  the  core  and  data  center  cloud  layers,  there  are  unique  challenges  in  the  iot  space.  the  nature  of  the  endpoints  and  the  sheer  scale  of  aggregation  require  special  attention  in  the  overall  architecture  to  accommodate  these  challenges.  the  cisco  iot/m2m  architecture  is  composed  of  four  layers,  some  are  similar  to  those  described  in  conventional  cisco  network  architectures.  figure  3.  iot/m2m  network  architecture  layers  as
__label__situationalsurveillance shown  in  figure  3,  the  first  layer  of  the  iot/m2m  architecture  is  comprised  of  embedded  systems,  sensors  and  actuators.  as  such,  these  are  small  devices,  with  varying  operating  systems,  cpu  types,  memory,  etc.  many  of  these  entities  are  expected  to  be  inexpensive,  singlefunction  devices  with  rudimentary  network  connectivity,  such  as  a  temperature  or  pressure  sensor.  in  addition,  these  devices  could  be  in  remote  and/or  inaccessible  locations  where  human  intervention  or  configuration  is  almost  impossible.  since  the  nature  of  sensors  is  such  that  they  are  embedded  in  what  they  are  sensingone  can  envisage  a  new  workplace,  hospital,  or  school  construction  project
__label__situationalsurveillance where  these  sensors  are  introduced  during  the  construction  phase  to  collect  and  monitor  data  and  events.  secondary  links  will  help  in  cases  where  the  connectivity  is  lost  after  the  installation  teams  have  left  the  site.  additionally,  methods  must  be  taken  to  ensure  that  the  authenticity  of  the  data,  the  path  from  the  sensor  to  the  collector  and  the  connectivity  authentication  parameters  between  the  initial  installation/configuration  of  the  device,  and  its  eventual  presence  on  the  iot  infrastructure  cannot  be  compromised.  the  variability  in  the  capabilities  of  endpoint  devices,  and  their  potentially  enormous  numbers  highlight  the  importance  of  the  multiservice  edge  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  iot/m2m  architecture.  the  multiservice  edge  is  multimodal  and  supports  both  wired  and  wireless  connectivity.  even  within  those  two  categories,  this  layer  must  support  many  different  protocols,  such  as  zigbee,  ieee  802.11,  3g  and  4g,  to  accommodate  a  variety  of  endpoints.  in  some  cases,  the  protocols  used  by  endpoint  devices  may  not  even  have  any  inherent  security  capabilities  at  all.  it  is  imperative  for  security  services  to  protect  these  inherently  insecure  endpoints.  additionally,  this  layer  must  be  modular  to  scale  to  meet  growth  requirements.  the  components  and  services  offered  within  one  module  should  be  similar  so  that  additional  modules  can
__label__situationalsurveillance be  added  in  a  short  span  of  time.  the  architecture  of  the  core  network  layer  is  similar  to  the  architecture  deployed  in  conventional  networks.  the  function  of  this  layer  is  to  provide  paths  to  carry  and  exchange  data  and  network  information  between  multiple  subnetworks.  the  main  differentiator  between  iot  and  conventional  core  layers  is  traffic  profile.  the  iot  traffic  and  data  may  be  different,  for  example,  unique  protocols  and  variable  packet  size.  security  services  at  the  core  network  ensure  that  the  iot/m2m  system  as  a  whole,  and  has  been  hardened  to  protect  against  threats  such  as  the  following:  the  architecture
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  data  center/cloud  network  layer  again  is  similar  to  the  architectures  that  are  deployed  in  conventional  networks.  the  function  of  this  layer  is  to  host  applications  that  are  critical  in  providing  services  and  to  manage  the  endtoend  iot  architecture.  again,  security  services  in  the  data  center/cloud  network  are  critical  in  ensuring  that  the  iot/m2m  system  as  a  whole  has  been  hardened  to  protect  against  threats  such  as  the  following:  the  threats  in  these  layers,  whether  dos,  transaction  replays,  or  compromised  systems  typically  can  be  addressed  through  established  cryptographic  mechanisms,  provisioning  of  strong  identities  with  credentials  to  allow  them  to
__label__situationalsurveillance authenticate  into  the  network,  and  with  strong  policies  to  affect  the  appropriate  access  controls.  ipv6,  a  foundation  of  the  iot,  is  subject  to  the  same  attack  threats  as  ipv4,  such  as  smurfing,  reconnaissance,  spoofing,  fragmentation  attacks,  sniffing,  neighbor  discovery  attacks,  rogue  devices,  maninthemiddle  attacks,  and  others.  therefore,  in  the  core  of  the  network  it  requires  the  same  security  treatments  that  exist  today  for  ipv4.  however,  the  iot  opens  a  completely  new  dimension  to  security.  the  iot  is  where  the  internet  meets  the  physical  world.  this  has  some  serious  implications  on  security  as  the  attack  threat  moves  from  manipulating  information  to
__label__situationalsurveillance controlling  actuation  in  other  words,  moving  from  the  digital  to  the  physical  world.  consequently,  it  drastically  expands  the  attack  surface  from  known  threats  and  known  devices,  to  additional  security  threats  of  new  devices,  protocols,  and  workflows.  many  operational  systems  are  moving  from  closed  systems  e.g.,  scada,  modbus,  cip  into  ipbased  systems  which  further  expands  the  attack  surface  the  iot  can  be  affected  by  various  categories  of  security  threats  including  the  following:  as  the  applications  of  the  iot/m2m  affect  our  daily  lives,  whether  it  is  in  the  industrial  control,  transportation,  smartgrid  or  healthcare  verticals,  it  becomes  imperative  to  ensure  a  secure
__label__situationalsurveillance iot/m2m  system.  with  continued  adoption  of  ip  networks,  iot/m2m  applications  have  already  become  a  target  for  attacks  that  will  continue  to  grow  in  both  magnitude  and  sophistication.  the  scale  and  context  of  the  iot/m2m  make  it  a  compelling  target  for  those  who  would  do  harm  to  companies,  organizations,  nations,  and  more  importantly  people.  the  targets  are  abundant  and  cover  many  different  industry  segments.  the  potential  impact  could  span  from  minor  irritant  to  grave  and  significant  damage  to  the  infrastructure  and  loss  of  life.  although  the  threats  in  the  iot  environment  might  be  similar  to  those  in  the  traditional  it  environments,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  overall  impact  could  be  significantly  different.  that  is  why  there  are  several  efforts  in  the  community  to  focus  on  threat  analysis  and  risk  assessments  to  gauge  the  impact  if  a  security  incident  or  a  breach  occurs  one  of  the  fundamental  elements  in  securing  an  iot  infrastructure  is  around  device  identity  and  mechanisms  to  authenticate  it.  as  mentioned  earlier,  many  iot  devices  may  not  have  the  required  compute  power,  memory  or  storage  to  support  the  current  authentication  protocols.  todays  strong  encryption  and  authentication  schemes  are  based  on  cryptographic  suites  such  as  advanced  encryption  suite  aes  for  confidential  data  transport,  rivestshamiradleman
__label__situationalsurveillance rsa  for  digital  signatures  and  key  transport  and  diffiehellman  dh  for  key  negotiations  and  management.  while  the  protocols  are  robust,  they  require  high  compute  platform  a  resource  that  may  not  exist  in  all  iotattached  devices.  consequently,  authentication  and  authorization  will  require  appropriate  reengineering  to  accommodate  our  new  iot  connected  world.  secondly,  these  authentication  and  authorization  protocols  also  require  a  degree  of  userintervention  in  terms  of  configuration  and  provisioning.  however,  many  iot  devices  will  have  limited  access,  thus  requiring  initial  configuration  to  be  protected  from  tampering,  theft  and  other  forms  of  compromise  throughout  its  usable  life,  which  in  many  cases  could
__label__situationalsurveillance be  years.  in  order  to  overcome  these  issues,  new  authentication  schemes  that  can  be  built  using  the  experience  of  todays  strong  encryption/authentication  algorithms  are  required.  the  good  news  is  that  new  technologies  and  algorithms  are  being  worked  on.  for  example,  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  nist  has  recently  chosen  the  compact  sha3  as  the  new  algorithm  for  the  socalled  embedded  or  smart  devices  that  connect  to  electronic  networks  but  are  not  themselves  fullfledged  computers  .  other  elements  in  security  that  could  be  considered  include  the  following:  many  of  the  security  considerations  for  iot  protocols  rely  on  encryption.  as
__label__situationalsurveillance new  workflows  emerge  for  sensors  and  elements  connected  to  the  internet,  a  disparity  in  time  horizons  creates  an  additional  gap:  devices  might  outlive  the  encryption  effectiveness.  for  example,  a  power  meter  in  a  home  may  last  fifty  years,  where  as  the  encryption  protocol  might  survive  half  of  that  time  before  it  is  compromised.  lastly,  the  communication  and  the  data  transport  channels  should  be  secured  to  allow  devices  to  send  and  collect  data  to  and  from  the  agents  and  the  data  collection  systems.  while  not  all  iot  endpoints  may  have  bidirectional  communications,  leveraging  sms  automatically  or  via  a  network  administrator  allows
__label__situationalsurveillance secure  communication  with  the  device  when  an  action  needs  to  be  taken.  preservation  of  privacy  has  been  a  concern  since  the  dawn  of  the  internet.  iot  will  exacerbate  the  problem  because  many  applications  generate  traceable  signatures  of  the  location  and  behavior  of  the  individuals.  privacy  issues  are  particularly  relevant  in  healthcare,  and  there  are  many  interesting  healthcare  applications  that  fall  within  the  realm  of  iot.  we  can  cite  among  others  the  tracking  of  medical  equipment  in  a  hospital,  the  monitoring  of  vital  statistics  for  patients  at  home  or  in  an  assisted  living  facility.  in  this  environment,  it  is  essential  to
__label__situationalsurveillance verify  device  ownership  and  the  owners  identity  while  decoupling  the  device  from  the  owner.  shadowing  is  a  mechanism  that  has  been  proposed  to  achieve  this.  in  essence,  digital  shadows  enable  the  users  objects  to  act  on  her  behalf,  storing  just  a  virtual  identity  that  contains  information  about  her  attributes.  identity  management  in  the  iot  may  offer  new  opportunities  to  increase  security  by  combining  diverse  authentication  methods  for  humans  and  machines.  for  example,  bioidentification  combined  with  an  object  within  the  personal  network  could  be  used  to  open  a  door.  privacy  and  compliance  are  intertwined  and  are  under  the  purview  of  country
__label__situationalsurveillance regulation.  as  the  technology  is  evolving  so  quickly,  the  consumer  must  be  cognizant  of  how  these  issues  apply  to  his  or  her  daily  life.  to  address  the  highly  diverse  iot  environment  and  the  related  security  challenges,  a  flexible  security  framework  is  required.  figure  4  illustrates  the  security  environment  from  an  iot  perspective.  figure  4.  iot  security  environment  figure  5  shows  a  framework  to  secure  the  iot  environment  and  is  comprised  of  four  components:  figure  5.  secure  iot  framework  at  the  heart  of  this  framework  is  the  authentication  layer,  used  to  provide  and  verify  the  identify  information  of  an  iot  entity.
__label__situationalsurveillance when  connected  iot/m2m  devices  e.g.,  embedded  sensors  and  actuators  or  endpoints  need  access  to  the  iot  infrastructure,  the  trust  relationship  is  initiated  based  on  the  identity  of  the  device.  the  way  to  store  and  present  identity  information  may  be  substantially  different  for  the  iot  devices.  note  that  in  typical  enterprise  networks,  the  endpoints  may  be  identified  by  a  human  credential  e.g.,  username  and  password,  token  or  biometrics.  the  iot/m2m  endpoints  must  be  fingerprinted  by  means  that  do  not  require  human  interaction.  such  identifiers  include  radiofrequency  identification  rfid,  shared  secret,  x.509  certificates,  the  mac  address  of  the  endpoint,  or  some  type
__label__situationalsurveillance of  immutable  hardware  based  root  of  trust.  establishing  identity  through  x.509  certificates  provides  a  strong  authentication  system.  however,  in  the  iot  domain,  many  devices  may  not  have  enough  memory  to  store  a  certificate  or  may  not  even  have  the  required  cpu  power  to  execute  the  cryptographic  operations  of  validating  the  x.509  certificates  or  any  type  of  public  key  operation.  existing  identity  footprints  such  as  802.1ar  and  authentication  protocols  as  defined  by  ieee  802.1x  can  be  leveraged  for  those  devices  that  can  manage  both  the  cpu  load  and  memory  to  store  strong  credentials.  however,  the  challenges  of  the  new  form  factors,
__label__situationalsurveillance as  well  as  new  modalities,  create  the  opportunity  for  further  research  in  defining  smaller  footprint  credential  types  and  less  computeintensive  cryptographic  constructs  and  authentication  protocols.  the  second  layer  of  this  framework  is  authorization  that  controls  a  devices  access  throughout  the  network  fabric.  this  layer  builds  upon  the  core  authentication  layer  by  leveraging  the  identity  information  of  an  entity.  with  authentication  and  authorization  components,  a  trust  relationship  is  established  between  iot  devices  to  exchange  appropriate  information.  for  example,  a  car  may  establish  a  trust  alliance  with  another  car  from  the  same  vendor.  that  trust  relationship,  however,  may  only  allow  cars  to
__label__situationalsurveillance exchange  their  safety  capabilities.  when  a  trusted  alliance  is  established  between  the  same  car  and  its  dealers  network,  the  car  may  be  allowed  to  share  additional  information  such  as  its  odometer  reading,  last  maintenance  record,  etc.  fortunately,  current  policy  mechanisms  to  both  manage  and  control  access  to  consumer  and  enterprise  networks  map  extremely  well  to  the  iot/m2m  needs.  the  big  challenge  will  be  to  build  an  architecture  that  can  scale  to  handle  billions  of  iot/m2m  devices  with  varying  trust  relationships  in  the  fabric.  traffic  policies  and  appropriate  controls  will  be  applied  throughout  the  network  to  segment  data  traffic  and  establish
__label__situationalsurveillance endtoend  communication.  this  layer  encompasses  all  elements  that  route  and  transport  endpoint  traffic  securely  over  the  infrastructure,  whether  control,  management  or  actual  data  traffic.  like  the  authorization  layer,  there  are  already  established  protocols  and  mechanisms  to  secure  the  network  infrastructure  and  affect  policy  that  are  well  suited  to  the  iot/m2m  use  cases.  this  secure  analytics  layer  defines  the  services  by  which  all  elements  endpoints  and  network  infrastructure,  inclusive  of  data  centers  may  participate  to  provide  telemetry  for  the  purpose  of  gaining  visibility  and  eventually  controlling  the  iot/m2m  ecosystem.  with  the  maturity  of  big  data  systems,  we  can  deploy  a  massive
__label__situationalsurveillance parallel  database  mpp  platform  that  can  process  large  volumes  of  data  in  near  real  time.  when  we  combine  this  technology  with  analytics,  we  can  do  some  real  statistical  analysis  on  the  security  data  to  pick  out  anomalies.  further,  it  includes  all  elements  that  aggregate  and  correlate  the  information,  including  telemetry,  to  provide  reconnaissance  and  threat  detection.  threat  mitigation  could  vary  from  automatically  shutting  down  the  attacker  from  accessing  further  resources  to  running  specialized  scripts  to  initiate  proper  remediation.  the  data,  generated  by  the  iot  devices,  is  only  valuable  if  the  right  analytics  algorithms  or  other  security  intelligence  processes  are  defined
__label__situationalsurveillance to  identify  the  threat.  we  can  get  better  analytical  outcome  by  collecting  data  from  multiple  sources  and  applying  security  profiles  and  statistical  models  that  are  built  upon  various  layers  of  security  algorithms.  we  all  know  that  network  infrastructures  are  becoming  more  complex.  imagine  topologies  with  both  public  and  private  clouds;  the  threat  intelligence  and  defense  capabilities  must  also  be  cloudbased.  orchestration  of  the  visibility,  context  and  control  is  required  to  drive  accurate  intelligence.  the  components  within  this  layer  include  the  following:  while  the  actual  iot/m2m  implementations  may  be  different,  the  framework  can  be  applied  to  any  architecture.  the  framework  is
__label__situationalsurveillance simple  and  flexible  enough  to  service  manned  devices  as  well  e.g.,  laptops,  handheld  scanners,  etc.  if  they  reside  in  the  iot  infrastructure.  can  you  have  an  architecture  that  provides  100  percent  protection  from  threats  by  leveraging  this  framework?  unfortunately,  that  silver  bullet  does  not  exist,  at  least  not  yet.  however,  we  do  believe  that  big  data  and  analytics  platforms  will  play  a  key  role.  security  threats  are  continuously  emerging  and  require  us  to  develop  an  architecture  that  can  defend  itself  against  those  threats.  this  security  framework  provides  the  foundation  from  which  appropriate  security  services  can  be  selected.  as  specific  contexts
__label__situationalsurveillance and  verticals  are  considered,  gaps  can  also  be  identified  and  addressed.  while  the  security  implications  for  iot/m2m  constructs  are  vast,  deconstructing  a  viable  iot/m2m  security  framework  can  be  the  foundation  to  the  execution  of  security  in  production  environments.  the  authors  have  proposed  such  a  framework  that  may  be  used  in  protocol  and  product  development,  in  addition  to,  policy  enforcement  in  operational  environments.  the  authors  have  also  shown  how  the  problem  of  securing  the  iot  is  much  more  than  ipv6  security.  the  iot  industry  is  still  evolving,  and  there  is  large  potential  for  zeroday  attacks.  this  offers  an  opportunity  to  drive
__label__situationalsurveillance the  security  at  the  appropriate  layer.  the  embedded  endpoint  layer  is  comprised  of  highly  constrained  devices,  and  so  far,  has  limited  the  growth  of  malware  to  this  layer.  the  growth  of  ipbased  sensors  corresponds  to  attack  surface  growth.  this  highlights  the  fact  that  new  security  protocols  and  identification  techniques  are  required,  and  iot  endpoint  security  needs  to  correlate  to  its  enhanced  capabilities.  clearly,  iot  presents  new  challenges  to  network  and  security  architects.  smarter  security  systems  that  include  managed  threat  detection,  anomaly  detection,  and  predictive  analysis  need  to  evolve.  in  addition,  we  have  offered  a  point  of  view  on  privacy  and
__label__situationalsurveillance its  implications  to  security  and  regulatory  compliance.  jazib  frahim  jfrahimcisco.com  principle  engineer  carlos  pignataro  cpignatacisco.com  distinguished  engineer  jeff  apcar  japcarcisco.com  distinguished  engineer  monique  morrow  mmorrowcisco.com  ctoevangelistnew  frontiers  1  computerworld,  siemens:  stuxnet  worm  hit  industrial  systems,  september  16,  2010.  2  steven  cherry  with  ralph  langner,  how  stuxnet  is  rewriting  the  cyberterrorism  playbook,  october  2010,  ieee  spectrum.  3  duqu:  a  stuxnetlike  malware  found  in  the  wild,  technical  report,  october  14,  2011,  laboratory  of  cryptography  of  systems  security  4  etsi  tr103  167  v0.3.1  machine  to  machine  communications  m2m;  threat  analysis  and  countermeasures  to  m2m  service  layer,  2011.  5  nist  selects  winner  of  secure
__label__situationalsurveillance hash  algorithm  sha3  competition,  october  2,  2012,  http://www.nist.gov/itl/csd/sha100212.cfm.  6  delay  tolerant  networking  research  group:  http://www.dtnrg.org/wiki.  7  gont,  f.,  security  assessment  of  the  internet  protocol  version  6  ipv6,  uk  centre  for  the  protection  of  national  infrastructure.  8  source:  cisco  ibsg  projections,  un  economic  social  affairs  http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/longrange2/worldpop2300final.pdf.  9  valerie  aurora,  lifetimes  of  cryptographic  hash  functions,  2012,  http://valerieaurora.org/hash.html.  this  document  is  provided  on  an  as  is  basis  and  does  not  imply  any  kind  of  guarantee  or  warranty,  including  the  warranties  of  merchantability  or  fitness  for  a  particular  use.  your  use  of  the  information  on  the  document  or  materials  linked  from  the  document  is
__label__situationalsurveillance at  your  own  risk.  cisco  reserves  the  right  to  change  or  update  this  document  at  any  time.  this  document  is  part  of  the  portal.  cisco  provides  the  official  information  contained  on  the  portal  in  english  only.  this  document  is  provided  on  an  as  is  basis  and  does  not  imply  any  kind  of  guarantee  or  warranty,  including  the  warranties  of  merchantability  or  fitness  for  a  particular  use.  your  use  of  the  information  in  the  document  or  materials  linked  from  the  document  is  at  your  own  risk.  cisco  reserves  the  right  to  change  or  update  this  document  without  notice  at  any  time.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  first  release  of  its  computer  vision  play,  the  surveillance  appliance  is  the  beginning  of  dell  technologies  push  for  an  open  approach  to  iot  and  edge  computing.  by  topic:  dell  technologies  has  announced  new  solutions  and  bundles  on  tuesday  aimed  at  simplifying  edge  computing  and  internet  of  things  iot  deployment,  with  the  idea  to  build  an  open  foundation  that  scales  to  meet  the  demand  of  a  connected  world.  the  internet  of  things  explained:  what  the  iot  is,  and  where  its  going  next.  the  first  release  under  the  banner  of  a  computer  vision  foundation  is  surveillance.  the  reason  for  surveillance  is
__label__situationalsurveillance that  its  an  important  use  case  ...  cameras  are  the  best  sensors  around,  very  rich  information,  cto  of  iot  solutions  jason  shepherd  said.  its  really  the  first  stop  on  the  vision  train  ...  computer  vision,  more  broadly  speaking,  is  surveillance,  but  let  me  take  a  different  type  of  camera  and  a  different  type  of  analytics  and  put  it  on  a  manufacturing  line  and  watch  for  parts  that  fly  by  regarding  quality  issues.  speaking  with  zdnet  while  at  in  las  vegas,  shepherd  said  the  new  offering  is  laying  the  foundation  that  allows  for  the  plugging  in  of  bestinclass  ingredients  by  others.
__label__situationalsurveillance building  on  edgex,  which  is  a  and  an  ecosystem  of  interoperable  components,  shepherd  said  the  future  is  open,  and  proclaimed  that  gone  are  the  days  of  vendors  locking  a  customer  in.  in  this  market,  where  there  is  all  this  new  innovation,  its  about  pace  of  innovation,  thats  how  you  stay  ahead  you  have  to  float  all  boats  for  scale,  just  make  sure  your  boats  the  fastest  and  the  best,  thats  how  it  works,  he  explained.  you  think  pcs  would  have  scaled  if  it  cost  1,000  to  connect  a  keyboard?  its  about  the  outcome,  its  about  analytics,  its  about  who  has
__label__situationalsurveillance the  best  algorithm  and  the  infrastructure  below.  we  build  the  guts  so  our  partners  can  build  the  glory.  according  to  shepherd,  the  way  vendors  are  currently  building  out  solutions  wont  ever  work.  the  holy  grail  of  digital  transformation  is  selling  data,  services,  and  resources  to  people  that  you  dont  know.  and  the  only  way  you  can  do  that  is  open  frameworks,  interoperability,  and  throw  in  some  distributed  ledger  blockchain  for  good  measure  make  sure  my  buzzcount  is  really  high,  he  said.  edge  computing  day  one  and  two  ...  is  just  really  flexible  and  it  doesnt  lock  you  in  because  whats
__label__situationalsurveillance happening  in  the  market  today  is  number  one  it  doesnt  scale,  so  if  i  have  100  platforms  for  100  use  cases  try  managing  that  at  scale.  the  clouds  are  all  trying  to  lock  customers  in,  this  is  not  the  80s  early  pc  days,  it  wont  work.  were  building  a  foundation  that  scales,  were  not  just  trying  to  hack  stuff  together  ...  were  in  the  aol  stage  of  iot;  were  just  getting  things  online.  dell  also  announced  iot  connected  bundles,  which  makes  available  sensors  and  licensed  software  from  partners  tailored  for  specific  customer  use  cases,  together  with  various  combinations  of  dell
__label__situationalsurveillance technologies  infrastructure  spanning  edge  gateway,  embedded  pc,  and  server  hardware  in  addition  to  complementary  software  like  vmware  pulse  iot  center  for  securing,  managing,  and  monitoring  these  solutions  at  scale.  shepherd  said  its  about  helping  the  channel  and  people  that  provide  solutions  on  top  of  dells  infrastructure  that  creates  value  for  customers.  floating  all  boats  so  we  can  get  to  the  real  value,  he  added.  the  iot  connected  bundles  include:  complianceaas  for  hvac,  refrigeration,  and  power  systems;  selfcontained  and  powered  surveillance  for  safety  and  security  in  outdoor  spaces;  energy  savings  for  grocery  retailers  while  improving  food  quality  and  safety;  advanced  data
__label__situationalsurveillance center  infrastructure  management  dcim;  video  surveillance  tailored  for  the  requirements  of  k12  education;  efficient  remote  monitoring  of  field  assets  in  oil  and  gas  operations;  predictive  maintenance  in  midmarket  manufacturing;  and  digital  manufacturing  intelligence  suite  for  largerscale  operations.  the  reference  architecture  for  dell  technologies  iot  solution  for  surveillance  is  available  today,  and  the  engineered  solution  will  be  available  in  october  2018;  while  the  iot  connected  bundles  for  channel  partners  will  be  available  in  september  2018.  disclosure:  asha  mclean  travelled  as  a  guest  of  vmware  to  vmworld  in  las  vegas  fifty  companies  have  joined  up  to  unify  internet  of  things  edgecomputing  programming.
__label__situationalsurveillance joint  internet  of  things  offering  to  combine  azure  iot  edge,  vmware  pulse  iot  center,  and  dell  edge  gateways.  the  race  to  the  edge,  part  4:  where  we  are  introduced  to  chunks  of  data  centers  bolted  onto  the  walls  of  control  sheds  at  a  wind  farm,  and  we  study  the  problem  of  how  all  those  turbines  are  collected  into  one  cloud.  techrepublic  dell  emcs  senior  product  manager  for  iot  security,  rohan  kotian,  hosted  a  presentation  at  dell  emc  world  explaining  how  industrial  enterprises  can  protect  their  iot  deployments.  by  topic:  edge  computing  edge  computing  networking  edge  computing  2019  cbs  interactive.  all
__label__situationalsurveillance solutions  for:  all  products  and  trials  all  solutions  small  business  centralised  visibility  control  global  threat  intelligence  connected  threat  defence  solutions  for:  all  products  and  trials  all  solutions  small  business  centralised  visibility  control  global  threat  intelligence  connected  threat  defence  research  reports  for  popular  products:  66213200  011  66213200  by  jeffrey  cheng  trend  micro  iot  security  ip  cameras  have  become  a  top  target  for  hackers  because  of  their  relatively  high  computing  power  and  good  internet  traffic  throughput.  a  case  in  point  was  the  incident  toward  the  end  of  2016  where  a  linuxbased  botnet  called  was  used  to  facilitate  the  distributed  denialofservice  ddos  attack
__label__situationalsurveillance in  history.  as  a  result,  packet  flow  experienced  of  up  to  50  times  higher  than  its  normal  volume,  with  internet  traffic  estimated  at  a  record  high  of  1.2  tbps.  the  traffic  was  triggered  by  remote  commands,  and  the  hijacked  devices  were  primarily  ip  surveillance  cameras.  multiple  variants  of  mirailike  malware  have  since  to  further  take  advantage  of  vulnerable  ip  surveillance  cameras.  rightfully,  cybersecurity  is  now  becoming  a  major  consideration  for  ip  surveillance  devices,  with  ,  for  instance,  already  at  work  on  to  elevate  cybersecurity  implementation.  it  is  becoming  a  new  decisive  factor  in  the  market  of  ip  surveillance  cameras.  one
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  major  motivations  for  hacking  iot  devices  is  financial  gain.  and  when  it  comes  to  monetization,  ip  surveillance  cameras  are  distinct  targets  for  the  following  reasons:  constant  connectivity.  low  hacking  investment.  lack  of  supervision.  high  performance.  high  internetfacing  bandwidth.  the  typical  attack  chain  around  ip  surveillance  cameras  consists  of  the  following  steps.  1.  initial  infection  .  2.  nd  control  .  3.  propagation  .  most  home  ip  cameras  offered  in  the  traditional,  doityourself  diy  consumer  market  are  connected  directly  to  the  internet.  this  means  that  home  ip  cameras  are  exposed  to  the  internet  at  a  very  similar  level  as  personal
__label__situationalsurveillance computers  in  homes,  but  lacking  the  user  capability  to  install  security  software.  although  home  ip  cameras  amount  to  only  a  small  portion  of  all  installed  devices,  they  make  up  a  fastgrowing  market  because  of  their  increasing  affordability  and  accessibility  to  the  general  public.  on  the  other  hand,  many  people  claim  that  ip  cameras  are  not  exposed  to  that  level  of  risk  because  most  products  are  usually  designed  for  enterprises,  which  basically  deploy  ip  cameras  in  local  area  networks  and  make  them  unsearchable  on  the  internet.  this  claim  may  hold  true,  but  it  may  overlook  several  realworld  factors:  hooking  up  ip
__label__situationalsurveillance cameras  to  the  internet  at  large  is  a  clear  trend.  given  the  of  ip  cameras  deployed  globally,  a  small  portion  of  ip  cameras  that  expose  themselves  on  the  public  domain  can  serve  as  a  great  incentive  for  hackers.  another  thing  to  consider  is  how  network  isolation  is  one  of  the  frequently  mentioned  approaches  for  cybersecurity.  being  in  a  local  area  network,  though,  does  not  guarantee  the  protection  of  ip  cameras  against  hacking.  for  one  thing,  welldesigned  malware  can  easily  spread  across  the  local  area  network,  and  any  portable  device  brought  into  the  same  local  area  network  can  easily  turn  into
__label__situationalsurveillance an  infection  vector.  take  the  infamous  mirai  botnet  as  an  example:  a  windowsbased  trojan  plays  an  important  role  to  distribute  it,  even  though  the  targets  are  ip  cameras  that  run  on  linux.  a  complete  functionality  offered  by  an  ip  camera  often  consists  of  the  camera  itself,  the  network  capability,  and  the  cloud  services.  to  offer  a  secure  product,  manufacturers  need  to  implement  security  strategies  in  an  overarching  approach  from  the  device  to  the  cloud:  p  camera  hardware.  2.  networking.  deploying  ip  cameras  within  a  closed  network  is  already  a  highly  adopted  mechanism  to  ensure  a  better  level  of  security.  virtual
__label__situationalsurveillance private  networks  vpns  can  be  used  to  enable  remote  access  with  a  secure  connection.  other  networkrelated  security  implementations  include:  cloud.  as  with  other  iot  devices,  there  are  a  lot  of  moving  parts  in  a  complete  ip  camerabased  application.  accordingly,  no  one  could  and  should  be  held  solely  responsible  in  the  event  of  a  security  incident.  from  a  cybersecurity  standpoint,  we  believe  everyone  plays  a  role  in  making  security  fully  realized.  the  traditional  business  model  for  an  ip  surveillance  system  is  a  onetime  payment.  in  a  diy  market,  the  end  users  simply  purchase  the  ip  cameras  and  install  them  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance existing  network  environment.  more  complicated  cases  will  introduce  system  integrators,  who  basically  handle  everything  for  the  users,  including  selecting  the  right  hardware,  fixing  them  at  desired  locations,  wiring  them  to  outgoing  routers,  and  setting  up  the  network.  its  also  a  onetime  payment  if  the  maintenance  contract  is  not  figured  in.  as  more  parties  are  trying  to  monetize  on  the  basis  of  ip  surveillance  services,  many  different  business  models  crop  up  to  fulfill  different  needs.  surveillance  service  providers  now  charge  users  monthly  fees  instead  of  a  onetime  payment,  and  so  do  internet  service  providers  isps.  new  players  in  this  business  not
__label__situationalsurveillance only  provide  video  surveillance  systems  for  users,  but  also  offer  valueadded  services  such  as  cloud  recording  and  all  sorts  of  smart  features.  to  this  point,  the  lines  between  the  involved  parties  in  this  industry  are  getting  blurred.  for  example,  nest  is  not  only  the  manufacturer  of  the  nest  cam  security  camera,  but  its  also  the  service  provider  that  facilitates  the  associated  cloud  recording  service.  regardless  of  all  the  working  components  in  the  industry,  there  are  groups  of  people  and  entities  that  play  critical  roles  in  the  cybersecurity  of  surveillance  systems:  device  manufacturers.  service  providers.  system  integrators.  end  users.  identifying  the
__label__situationalsurveillance roles  and  responsibilities  for  security  is  not  a  matter  of  knowing  who  one  is  but  rather  a  matter  of  knowing  what  one  does  .  in  a  diy  market,  the  home  user  also  plays  the  role  of  a  system  integrator.  in  the  same  manner,  the  ip  camera  vendor  not  only  plays  the  device  manufacturer  role  but  also  the  service  provider  role  since  all  the  apps  and  cloud  services  are  also  developed  and  maintained  by  the  vendor  itself.  in  all  scenarios  that  we  can  think  of,  we  find  it  easy  to  communicate  security  accountability  and  responsibility  by  mapping  an  involved  entity  into
__label__situationalsurveillance any  of  the  four  aforementioned  roles.  security  is  a  common  issue  for  manufacturers  of  internetconnected  devices  and  ip  camera  hardware  manufacturers  are  no  exception.  to  be  sure,  the  more  cybersecurity  implementations  are  added,  the  more  obvious  the  increase  in  cost  will  be  from  the  bill  of  material  bom  list.  on  the  other  hand,  since  cybersecurity  is  now  a  topic  with  high  awareness  in  the  industry  and  even  among  end  users,  ip  camera  manufacturers  can  also  take  this  opportunity  to  create  unique  value  in  the  market  instead  of  pursuing  an  endless  price  war.  cybersecurity  implementations  can  also  be  used  to  put
__label__situationalsurveillance forth  decisive  factors  for  requests  for  quotations  rfqs,  especially  those  from  public  domains,  now  that  cybersecurity  has  attracted  further  government  scrutiny.  for  service  providers  or  system  integrators,  this  cost  issue  may  become  less  critical  because  security  implementations  can  be  an  optional  item  and  can  be  transferred  to  the  monthly  bill  of  the  end  users  who  really  care  about  such  matters.  complexity  is  another  form  of  cost  for  better  cybersecurity.  the  easiest  way  to  get  everything  set  up  is  always  the  cheapest  and  the  most  unsecure  one.  trading  ease  of  use  for  cybersecurity  is  common  sense  among  it  experts  but  not
__label__situationalsurveillance for  general  users.  for  example,  if  a  surveillance  system  is  to  allow  remote  access  over  the  internet,  the  adoption  of  vpns  is  often  on  the  list  of  top  suggestions  for  security.  however,  accessing  a  device  with  a  vpn  is  not  a  common  practice  among  general  users,  especially  smartphone  users.  the  neverending  debate  between  the  costs  and  the  benefits  of  cybersecurity  can  only  be  expected  to  keep  on,  with  companies,  no  matter  the  size,  continuing  to  weigh  all  the  contributing  factors  to  their  iot  implementations  while  striving  to  maintain  functionality  and  security.  although  classified  as  iot  products,  ip  cameras  had  already
__label__situationalsurveillance been  in  the  market  even  before  the  term  internet  of  things  or  iot  was  coined.  but  in  spite  of  the  market  maturity  of  ip  cameras,  the  cybersecurity  concerns  surrounding  them  are  still  a  big  challenge  for  the  entire  industry.  as  with  other  iot  devices  and  services,  the  information  flow  for  ip  cameras  is  a  long  chain  and  malicious  attacks  can  surface  anywhere.  companies  that  monetize  on  iotrelated  businesses  have  developed  awareness  of  cloud  security  for  quite  some  time  as  well  as  the  cybersecurity  matters  on  the  network  connection.  the  lack  of  sufficient  cybersecurity  implementations  in  devices  is  the  next  thing
__label__situationalsurveillance to  tackle,  not  only  for  the  ip  surveillance  industry  but  for  all  iotbased  businesses.  a  world  where  everything  is  connected  may  look  great,  but  only  with  would  this  connected  world  be  as  secure  as  it  is  smart.  1.  click  on  the  box  below.  2.  press  ctrla  to  select  all.  3.  press  ctrlc  to  copy.  4.  paste  the  code  into  your  page  ctrlv.  image  will  appear  the  same  size  as  you  see  above.  cybersecurity  in  2020  will  be  viewed  through  many  lenses  from  differing  attacker  motivations  and  cybercriminal  arsenal  to  technological  developments  and  global  threat  intelligence  only  so  defenders  can  keep
__label__situationalsurveillance up  with  the  broad  range  of  threats.  our  midyear  security  roundup  highlights  threats  that  made  their  mark  in  the  first  half  of  2019,  and  provides  security  insights  to  help  users  and  organizations  determine  the  right  solutions  and  defense  strategies  against  them.
__label__situationalsurveillance as  the  use  of  connected  home  devices  continue  to  grow,  more  and  more  data  is  being  pushed  to  the  cloud,  where  the  latest  iot  and  machine  learning  technologies  are  enabling  new  innovations  in  connected  home  applications.  aws  iot  makes  it  easy  for  you  to  build  scalable  iot  applications  that  collect,  process,  analyze,  and  act  on  data  generated  by  connected  home  devices  without  having  to  manage  any  infrastructure.  this  helps  you  focus  on  building  solutions  and  experiences  that  deliver  value  to  both  your  businesses  and  your  consumers  and  create  a  new  class  of  connected  home  applications  that  interact  with  the  physical
__label__situationalsurveillance world.  learn  more  about  how  aws  iot  can  help  you  rapidly  and  securely  build  differentiated  connected  home  products  at  scale.  using  aws  iot,  you  can  enable  any  device  to  connect  to  the  internet  and  perform  a  desired  action  quickly,  reliably,  and  easily.  these  devices  can  work  alone  or  together  with  other  devices  or  hubs  for  an  integrated  smart  home  experience.  additionally,  devices  can  also  benefit  from  using  voice  services  like  alexa  for  a  seamless  customer  experience.  devices  like  door  locks,  security  cameras,  and  water  leak  detectors  built  with  aws  iot  can  use  machine  learning  to  automatically  detect  threats,  take  action,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  send  alerts  to  home  owners.  aws  iot  enables  devices  to  run  with  lowlatency  and  compute  data  locally,  without  internet  connectivity.  network  operators  are  looking  for  new  ways  to  help  customers  quickly  discover,  troubleshoot,  and  fix  home  network  issues  including  wifi  and  cable  tv  connectivity.  aws  iot  enabled  settop  boxes  can  automatically  log  network  diagnostics  and  send  to  the  customer  service  center  proactively  or  allow  customers  to  monitor  and  troubleshoot  their  network  health  through  a  mobile  app.  lg  electronics  relaunches  its  iot  platform  and  saves  80  in  development  costs  with  aws  iot.  irobot  manages  their  solution  with  fewer  than  10
__label__situationalsurveillance people  using  aws  iot.  rachio  cuts  development  costs  by  40  using  aws  iot.  aws  iot  helps  zimplistic  respond  and  remotely  troubleshoot  any  device.  learn  how  to  use  aws  iot  services  to  secure,  manage,  update,  and  analyze  connected  home  devices  and  their  data.  learn  about  implementing  iot  applications  for  connected  home  use  cases  including  managing  connectivity,  implementing  logic  using  iot  rules  engine,  and  provisioning  your  devices  in  a  home  network.  learn  how  to  build  intelligent  home  security  applications  using  amazon  kinesis  video  streams  and  aws  iot  services.  also,  hear  from  comcast,  which  migrated  to  aws  to  power  their  xfinity  home  security
__label__situationalsurveillance cameras  and  focus  on  secure  storage  of  video  data  from  customers  worldwide.  with  edgebased  software  and  cloudbased  services,  see  how  you  can  get  started  quickly  and  attain  your  business  goals.  view  the  reference  architecture  learn  how  to  use  aws  iot  services  toand  aws  machine  learning  services  to  conduct  local  inference  on  home  devices  view  the  reference  architecture  with  edgebased  software  and  cloudbased  services,  see  how  you  can  get  started  quickly  and  attain  your  business  goals.  learn  more  about  aws  iot  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__situationalsurveillance provides  scalable,  secure,  manageable  and  open  infrastructure  spanning  edge  to  cloud  so  customers  can  realize  value  today  and  build  a  foundation  for  the  future  vmworld,  las  vegas  aug.  28,  2018  news  summary  full  story  edge  and  iot  solutions  division  is  announcing  new  solutions  and  bundles  to  simplify  deployment  of  secure,  scalable  solutions  for  edge  computing  and  iot  use  cases.  with  these  solutions,  dell  technologies  is  combining  tools  from  its  broad  portfolio  with  technology  from  intel  and  partners  in  the  .  this  will  drive  workloads  for  computer  vision  enabled  by  imaging  sensors  and  machine  intelligence  characterized  by  structured  telemetry  from  sensors
__label__situationalsurveillance and  control  systems.dell  technologies  has  collaborated  with  ,  who  has  helped  advance  these  solutions  with  their  computer  vision  and  analytics  technologies.  workloads  and  use  cases  for  computer  vision  and  machine  intelligence  require  different  combinations  of  tools,  but  the  computing  infrastructure  elements  are  the  same,  said  joyce  mullen,  president,  global  channel,  oem  and  iot  solutions  at  dell  technologies.dell  technologies  provides  a  scalable,  secure,  manageable  and  open  infrastructure  spanning  edge  to  cloud  so  customers  and  partners  can  realize  value  today  and  build  a  foundation  to  support  these  workloads  and  case  studies  in  the  future.  cameras  provide  rich  information  about  the  physical  world,
__label__situationalsurveillance but  the  deluge  of  video  data  creates  too  much  data  for  humans  to  costeffectively  monitor  for  realtime  decision  making.applying  analytics,  such  as  artificial  intelligence,  to  these  data  streams  automates  powerful,  actionable  insights.  events  driven  by  including  data  that  imaging  sensors  cannot  provide,  such  as  voltage,  current  and  pressure  results  in  even  more  powerful  insights.  because  of  rapid  evolution  in  the  iot  market  and  the  fast  pace  of  innovation  required  to  stay  competitive,  many  customers  now  require  an  it  grade  infrastructure.  this  should  include  a  securityfirst  perspective  to  support  scalability,  data  diversity  and  the  increasingly  complex  needs  of  connected  devices.  integrating
__label__situationalsurveillance dell  technologies  solutions  to  enable  computer  vision  by  enabling  ,  customers  can  more  accurately,  efficiently  and  effectively  see  relevant  information  pertaining  to  areas  such  as  public  safety,  customer  experience,  and  product  inventory  and  quality.  is  the  first  use  case  to  which  dell  technologies  has  applied  computer  vision,  so  customers  can  more  costeffectively  monitor  events  in  the  physical  world  and  automate  decisionmaking.  the  is  specifically  built  to  transform  and  simplify  how  surveillance  technology  is  delivered  with  an  easy  to  deploy  and  manage  hyperconverged,  softwaredefined  solution.  available  later  this  year  to  purchase  as  a  package,  the  engineered,  preintegrated  solution  will  provide  a
__label__situationalsurveillance consistent  foundation  from  edge  to  distributed  core  to  cloud.  it  will  also  be  ready  to  run  on  day  one  with  customer  data  to  speed  the  return  on  investment.  the  solution  is  currently  available  as  a  reference  architecture  to  align  systems  and  build  a  framework  for  computer  vision  learning  and  adoption  for  other  use  cases.  built  on  worlds  leading  cloud  infrastructure,  the  will  offer:  rapid  return  on  investment  reduced  risk  integrated  security  greater  reliability  with  scalability  from  hundreds  to  thousands  of  cameras/sensors  dell  technologies  iot  solutions  partner  program  creates  new  revenue  opportunities  for  channel  partners  the  is  an  awardwinning,  multitiered  program
__label__situationalsurveillance supporting  technology  and  services  partners  from  the  edge  through  the  full  dell  technologies  solution  stack.  through  this  program,  dell  technologies  has  identified  several  partners  demonstrating  strong  use  case  focus  and  clear  return  on  investment  to  create  the  new  the  bundles  include  sensors  and  licensed  software  from  partners  tailored  for  specific  customer  use  cases,  together  with  various  combinations  of  dell  technologies  infrastructure  spanning  edge  gateway,  embedded  pc  and  server  hardware.  this  is  in  addition  to  complimentary  software  like  for  securing,  managing  and  monitoring  these  solutions  at  scale.  ,  iot  connected  bundles  are  validated,  marketproven  solutions  that  channel  partners  can  deliver  to
__label__situationalsurveillance their  customers  as  turnkey  offerings.  with  these  solution  bundles,  channel  partners  have  a  new  value  proposition  to  offer  their  customers,  as  well  as  a  new  potential  revenue  stream.  with  a  clear,  repeatable  and  accelerated  path  to  return  on  investment,  channel  partners  can  enter  the  iot  market  knowing  the  solution  will  work  and  deliver  predictable  results  fast.  the  iot  connected  bundles  include:  over  time,  additional  bundles  will  be  available  through  further  curation  in  the  dell  technologies  iot  solutions  partner  program.  enabling  machine  intelligence  in  an  open  and  scalable  way  dell  technologies  continues  its  commitment  to  openness  and  standardization  in  iot.  it
__label__situationalsurveillance actively  participates  in  ,  a  vendorneutral  open  source  project  focusing  on  building  a  commoninteroperabilityframeworkto  facilitate  an  ecosystem  foredge  computing.  the  project,  which  has  grown  to  more  than  60  member  organizations,  recently  the  code  release,  a  major  step  in  evolving  the  edgex  framework  to  support  developer  requirements  for  deployment  in  businesscritical  iot  applications.  recently  invested  in  ,  a  startup  offering  a  commercially  packaged  version  of  this  framework  that  enables  customers  to  focus  on  their  preferred  valueadd  instead  of  supporting  the  open  source  code.  dell  technologies  also  participates  in  the  iic,  the  and  the  aecc.  availability  customer  quotes  dr.  lou  marciani,  director,
__label__situationalsurveillance national  center  for  spectator  sports  safety  and  security  ncs4  dell  technologies  has  built  a  trusted  practice  for  iot  and  surveillance  to  support  our  forwardthinking  2025  initiative,  to  bring  better  safety  to  millions  of  people  a  year  who  attend  sporting  events  at  large  venues.  the  new  iot  solution  for  surveillance  is  designed  specifically  to  reduce  the  complexity  of  building,  scaling  and  managing  these  complex  environments,  and  were  excited  to  see  how  much  this  will  help  make  our  venues  safer.  jeff  burgess,  president/ceo,  bcdvideo  were  excited  to  be  one  of  the  first  validated  partners  to  leverage  dell  technologies  new  iot  solution  for
__label__situationalsurveillance surveillance.  bcdvideo  has  always  been  the  easy  button  for  our  security  integrator  customers.  we  continue  to  take  the  complexity  out  of  buying,  building  and  managing  complex  surveillance  solutions  from  the  edge  to  the  cloud.  partnering  with  dell  technologies  on  this  newest  initiative  allows  us  to  jointly  deliver  an  enterpriseclass,  endtoend  platform  that  is  lab  tested  and  validated  to  ensure  stronger  security,  networking  and  it/ot  management  across  the  variety  of  software  and  hardware  layers  in  the  solution.  bcdvideo  and  dell  technologies  share  a  vision  of  constant  innovation,  all  the  while  protecting  both  the  public  and  the  infrastructure.  analyst  quote  carrie  macgillivray,
__label__situationalsurveillance group  vice  president,  iot  and  mobility,  idc  organizations  are  looking  to  integrated  iot  solutions  that  bring  together  the  storage,  security,  network  and  management  and  orchestration.  companies  need  to  find  a  partner  that  understands  these  requirements  and  can  help  provide  the  piece  parts  to  build  out  a  holistic  solution.  dell  technologies  holistic  portfolio  of  key  iot  solutions  and  gotomarket  options  make  them  a  solid  partner  for  your  iot  journey.  partner  quotes  jonathan  ballon,  vice  president,  internet  of  things  group  at,  intel  imaging  and  video  use  cases  create  extraordinary  amounts  of  data  and  need  an  intelligent  vision  solution  to  rapidly  analyze  data
__label__situationalsurveillance near  the  edge,  respond  in  near  real  time,  and  move  relevant  insights  to  the  cloud.  the  new  dell  technologies  iotiot  solution  powered  by  including  and  the  ,  provides  the  performance,  efficiency  and  open  compute  platform  necessary  to  speed  deployment  of  computer  vision  solutions  to  transform  vision  data  into  valuable  business  insights  from  edge  to  cloud.  craig  smith,  vice  president,  iot  analytics  europe,  tech  data.  tech  data  is  proud  of  the  iot  solutions  we  are  making  available  to  our  customers  around  the  world.  these  offerings  are  further  testimony  of  the  increasing  importance  of  the  solution  aggregator  role  we  play  in  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance analytics.  bringing  together  the  required  components  from  different  vendors  in  the  form  of  solutions  that  are  proven,  validated  and  deployed  at  scale  provides  productionready  solutions  for  our  customers  and  significantly  speeds  up  the  time  to  revenue.  additional  resources  about  dell  technologies  is  a  unique  family  of  businesses  that  provides  the  essential  infrastructure  for  organizations  to  build  their  digital  future,  transform  it  and  protect  their  most  important  asset,  information.  the  company  services  customers  of  all  sizes  across  180  countries  ranging  from  99  percent  of  the  fortune  500  to  individual  consumers  with  the  industrys  most  comprehensive  and  innovative  portfolio  from  the  edge
__label__situationalsurveillance to  the  core  to  the  cloud.  contacts  copyright  2018.  all  rights  reserved.  dell,  dell  emc,  dell  technologies  and  the  dell  technologies  logo  are  trademarks  of  dell  inc.  in  the  united  states  and/or  other  jurisdictions.  all  other  marks  and  names  mentioned  herein  may  be  trademarks  of  their  respective  companies.  1idc  ww  quarterly  cloud  it  infrastructure  tracker,  q1  2018,  june  2018.  based  on  vendor  revenue  from  sales  of  infrastructure  products  server,  storage,  and  ethernet  switch  for  cloud  it.
__label__situationalsurveillance sign  up  for  a  live  kubernetes  or  devsecops  demo  internet  security,  in  general,  is  a  challenge  that  we  have  been  dealing  with  for  decades.  it  is  a  regular  topic  of  discussion  and  concern,  but  a  relatively  new  segment  of  internet  security  is  getting  the  lions  share  of  attentioninternet  of  things  iot.  so  why  is  internet  of  things  security  a  thing?  the  high  growth  rate  of  iot  should  get  the  attention  of  cybersecurity  professionals.  the  rate  at  which  new  technology  goes  to  market  is  inversely  proportional  to  the  amount  of  security  that  gets  designed  into  the  product.  according  to  ,  the
__label__situationalsurveillance number  of  connected  iot  devices  worldwide  will  jump  12  percent  on  average  annually,  from  nearly  27  billion  in  2017  to  125  billion  in  2030.  iot  devices  are  quite  a  bit  different  from  other  internetconnected  devices  such  as  laptops  and  servers.  they  are  designed  with  a  single  purpose  in  mind,  usually  running  minimal  software  with  minimal  resources  to  serve  that  purpose.  adding  the  capability  to  run  and  update  security  software  is  often  not  taken  into  consideration.  due  to  the  lack  of  security  integrated  into  iot  devices,  they  present  significant  risks  that  must  be  addressed.  iot  security  is  the  practice  of  understanding
__label__situationalsurveillance and  mitigating  these  risks.  lets  consider  the  challenges  of  iot  security  and  how  we  can  address  them.  want  to  learn  how  to  build  a  platform  to  manage  iot  hardware,  data,  perform  analytics,  develop  web  and  machine  learning  applications,  all  without  deploying  any  infrastructure?  iot  has  many  of  the  same  security  challenges  that  other  systems  have.  there  are,  however,  some  challenges  that  are  unique  to  iot.  most  of  these  issues  can  be  attributed  to  security  being  an  afterthought  if  a  thought  at  all  in  the  design  and  manufacturing  of  iot  devices.  even  those  iot  developers  who  consider  security  in  the  design
__label__situationalsurveillance process  struggle  with  implementation.  most  iot  devices  are  limited  by  minimal  processing  power,  memory,  and  data  transfer  speeds.  this  is  a  necessary  evil  in  order  to  keep  the  size  and  cost  of  the  devices  small.  accordingly,  security  controls  must  be  implemented  to  compensate  for  these  inherent  weaknesses.  the  first  step  to  implementing  security  controls  is  to  determine  where  those  controls  are  needed.  this  is  another  challenge  for  protecting  iot  devices.  since  iot  devices  are  often  not  recognized  as  network  devices,  they  get  overlooked  when  inventorying  or  mapping  the  network.  if  you  do  not  know  it  is  there,  you  cannot  protect
__label__situationalsurveillance it.  fortunately,  iot  device  manufacturers  are  beginning  to  address  these  issues,  but  organizations  that  are  planning  or  currently  using  iot  cannot  sit  back  and  wait  for  that  to  happen.  there  are  measures  that  organizations  can  take  right  now  to  protect  their  iot  devices  and  networks  from  attacks.  manufacturers  and  implementers  must  implement  security  practices  to  mitigate  iot  risks.  steps  can  be  taken  to  better  secure  iot  and  address  known  risks.  embedded  passwords  rather  than  embedding  passwords  in  their  products,  manufacturers  should  require  users  to  create  a  strong  password  during  device  setup.  lack  of  device  authentication  manufacturers  should  provide  a  means
__label__situationalsurveillance for  their  devices  to  authenticate  to  the  network.  it  personnel  should  require  devices  to  authenticate  before  joining  the  network.  patching  and  upgrading  manufacturers  need  to  make  it  easy  for  devices  to  be  upgraded  or  patched.  ideally,  this  would  be  an  automatic  or  oneclick  process.  physical  hardening  iot  devices  should  be  made  tamperproof.  devices  should  be  monitored  to  detect  time  offline  and  inspected  after  unexpectedly  dropping  offline.  outdated  components  vulnerable  devices  should  be  updated  or  replaced.  this  can  be  difficult  to  remedy,  especially  in  environments  that  have  many  iot  devices  in  remote  locations.  in  those  cases,  tighter  security  controls  and  more
__label__situationalsurveillance vigilant  monitoring  should  be  implemented.  device  monitoring  and  management  ensure  that  all  iot  devices  are  included  in  asset  tracking,  monitoring,  and  management  systems.  manufacturers  should  provide  a  unique  identifier  for  each  device.  clearly,  many  of  these  security  issues  can  only  be  resolved  by  the  manufacturer.  one  that  organizations  security,  it,  and  ot  teams  can  address  is  device  management.  it  is  up  to  those  planning  and/or  implementing  the  rollout  of  iot  devices  to  ensure  that  they  are  accounted  for  in  asset  management,  systems  monitoring,  security  monitoring,  and  incident  response  systems.  there  are  two  broad  categories  of  attacks  that  involve  iot  devices:
__label__situationalsurveillance those  in  which  the  iot  devices  themselves  are  the  end  target  of  the  attack,  and  those  that  use  iot  devices  to  attack  other  targets.  we  have  seen  both  types  of  attacks  used  in  the  real  world  and  by  security  researchers  as  a  proof  of  concept.  in  october  of  2016,  ,  a  company  that  provides  dns  services,  made  much  of  the  internet  inaccessible.  twitter,  spotify,  github,  netflix,  the  new  york  times,  paypal  and  other  major  websites  were  down  for  hours.  the  attack  used  the  mirai  iot  botnet,  taking  control  of  over  600,000  iot  devices  to  flood  dyn  with  traffic  in  a
__label__situationalsurveillance massive  ddos  attack.  the  devices  seemed  to  be  mostly  routers  and  ip  cameras.  ip  cameras  are  frequently  targeted  iot  devices.  in  a  scary  example  of  an  attack  where  the  iot  device  was  the  target,  the  device  was  a  car.  fortunately,  this  was  a  controlled  demonstration  by  security  researchers  charlie  miller  and  chris  valasek.  they  demonstrated  the  attack  for  writer  andy  greenberg,  who  was  driving  a  jeep  cherokee.  miller  and  valasek,  from  miles  away  over  a  cellular  internet  connection,  remotely  turned  on  the  a/c,  radio,  and  windshield  wipers.  that  was  just  the  beginning.  next,  they  caused  the  jeep  to  slow,  remotely
__label__situationalsurveillance rendering  the  accelerator  useless.  it  is  clear  that  iot  attacks  can  have  serious  consequences.  securing  iot  systems  and  devices  must  be  done  by  both  the  manufacturers  and  the  organizations  using  them.  the  security  controls  that  organizations  can  put  in  place  are  similar  to  the  controls  they  already  use  on  their  network.  the  key  to  securing  iot  is  to  know  what  iot  devices  are  on  your  network  and  where  they  are  in  your  network  topology.  until  you  know  that,  you  are  flying  blind.  you  cannot  protect  what  you  cannot  see.  one  way  to  identify  iot  devices  on  your  network  is  to
__label__situationalsurveillance require  all  hosts  and  devices  to  authenticate  when  joining  the  network.  devices  that  fail  authentication  can  then  be  identified.  if  they  belong  on  the  network,  authentication  can  then  be  configured  for  that  device.  if  they  do  not  belong  on  the  network,  you  have  discovered  a  rogue  device.  you  can  further  secure  iot  devices  by  segmenting  the  network  and  dedicating  one  segment  to  iot.  this  will  allow  you  to  firewall  that  segment  and  apply  iotspecific  rules.  it  would  also  allow  you  to  quickly  block  traffic  from  that  segment  in  the  event  that  an  iot  device  is  compromised.  once  you  have  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  authenticated,  you  can  then  gain  visibility  into  their  activity  using  a  cloudnative  security  monitoring  and  analytics  platform  like  .  the  sumo  logic  platform  helps  you  make  datadriven  decisions  and  reduce  the  time  to  investigate  security  and  operational  issues  so  you  can  free  up  resources  for  more  important  activities.  for  even  greater  visibility  into  security  events,  from  crowdstrike  is  included  for  uptodate  ioc  data  that  can  be  quickly  crosscorrelated  to  identify  threats  in  your  environment.  more  posts  by  .  blog  security  is  a  top  concern  for  any  enterprise  to  move  their  applications  and  workloads  to  the  public  cloud.  aws  offers
__label__situationalsurveillance a  broad  selection  of  native  security  tools  and  as  our  continuous  intelligence  report  noted,  aws  customers  are  using  several  of  these  to  improve  the  security  of  their  aws  environment.  however,  it  can  be  overwhelming  to  know  where  to  start  and  how  to  deploy  best  practices  for  detecting  security  misconfigurations  caused  by  human  errors  and  attacks  from  external  sources.  december  3,  2019  blog  aws  offers  more  than  150  discrete  services,  spanning  compute,  storage,  database,  network,  and  identity  management  to  name  a  few.  earlier  this  year  we  published  our  continuous  intelligence  report  in  which  we  surveyed  sumo  logic  customers  on  how  broadly
__label__situationalsurveillance they  used  the  various  aws  services.  we  found  that  the  median  number  of  different  services  most  orgs  use  was  15.  december  3,  2019  blog  nowadays,  its  not  uncommon  to  see  enterprise  it  leaders  in  a  situation  that  seems  like  a  catch  22.  oftentimes,  they  are  expected  to  be  involved  in  making  datadriven  decisions  for  augmenting  productivity  and  profitability.  paradoxically,  they  are  preoccupied  with  what  they  consider  as  their  core  responsibilities  applying  best  practices  to  safeguard  the  it  infrastructure  and  expediting  investigations  when  incidents  occur.  as  practitioners  of  it,  we  must  admit  that  it  rings  a  bell  and  also  chip  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  home  of  iot  security  yet  along  with  the  many  societal,  environmental  and  economic  benefits,  the  rapidlyexpanding  connected  world,  represents  a  growing  attack  surface  for  adversaries  of  all  denominations.  everyday  vulnerabilities  in  iot  are  being  exploited  with  malicious  intent  yetthe  vast  majority  of  them  can  be  prevented  simply  and  costeffectively.  we  aim  to  make  it  safe  to  connect  so  the  many  benefits  of  iot  can  be  realized.  iotsf  is  a  collaborative,  nonprofit,  international  response  to  the  complexchallenges  posed  by  cybersecurity  in  theexpansive  hyperconnected  iot  world.  as  such,iotsf  is  the  natural  destinationfor  iot  users  and  technology  providers  including  iot  security  professionals,
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  hardware  and  software  productvendors,  network  operators,  system  specifiers,  integrators,  distributors,  retailers,  insurers,  local  authorities,  government  agencies  and  other  stakeholders.  an  introduction  to  the  iot  security  foundation,  presented  at  the  2015  inaugural  conference.  iotsf  chairman  paul  dorey  delivers  his  opening  address  at  the  2018  iotsf  conference.  why  does  everything  get  hacked?  a  panel  at  cloudflares  internet  summit  2018  with  iotsf  and  abertay  university  this  primerguides  the  reader  to  important  questions  that  shouldbe  considered  when  designing  an  iot  device,  system  or  network.  thecommon  theme  throughout  is  that  consideringsecurity  at  the  design  phase  can  not  only  save  time  and  effort  later,  but
__label__situationalsurveillance a  peertopeer  p2p  communications  technology  built  into  millions  of  security  cameras  and  other  consumer  electronics  includes  several  critical  security  flaws  that  expose  the  devices  to  eavesdropping,  credential  theft  and  remote  compromise,  new  research  has  found.  a  map  showing  the  distribution  of  some  2  million  ilinkp2penabled  devices  that  are  vulnerable  to  eavesdropping,  password  theft  and  possibly  remote  compromise,  according  to  new  research.  the  security  flaws  involve  ,  software  developed  by  chinabased  .  ilnkp2p  is  bundled  with  millions  of  internet  of  things  iot  devices,  including  security  cameras  and  webcams,  baby  monitors,  smart  doorbells,  and  digital  video  recorders.  ilnkp2p  is  designed  to  allow
__label__situationalsurveillance users  of  these  devices  to  quickly  and  easily  access  them  remotely  from  anywhere  in  the  world,  without  having  to  tinker  with  ones  firewall:  users  simply  download  a  mobile  app,  scan  a  barcode  or  enter  the  sixdigit  id  stamped  onto  the  bottom  of  the  device,  and  the  p2p  software  handles  the  rest.  a  webcam  made  by  hichip  that  includes  the  ilnkp2p  software.  but  according  to  an  indepth  analysis  shared  with  krebsonsecurity  by  security  researcher  ,  ilnkp2p  devices  offer  no  authentication  or  encryption  and  can  be  easily  enumerated,  allowing  potential  attackers  to  establish  a  direct  connection  to  these  devices  while  bypassing  any
__label__situationalsurveillance firewall  restrictions.  marrapese  said  a  proofofconcept  script  he  built  identified  more  than  two  million  vulnerable  devices  around  the  globe  see  map  above.  he  found  that  39  percent  of  the  vulnerable  iot  things  were  in  china;  another  19  percent  are  located  in  europe;  seven  percent  of  them  are  in  use  in  the  united  states.  although  it  may  seem  impossible  to  enumerate  more  than  a  million  devices  with  just  a  sixdigit  id,  marrapese  notes  that  each  id  begins  with  a  unique  alphabetic  prefix  that  identifies  which  manufacturer  produced  the  device,  and  there  are  dozens  of  companies  that  whitelabel  the  ilnkp2p  software.  for
__label__situationalsurveillance example,  a  chinese  iot  vendor  that  marrapese  said  accounts  for  nearly  half  of  the  vulnerable  devices  uses  the  prefixes  ffff,  gggg,  hhhh,  iiii,  mmmm,  zzzz.  these  prefixes  identify  different  product  lines  and  vendors  that  use  ilnkp2p.  if  the  code  stamped  on  your  iot  device  begins  with  one  of  these,  it  is  vulnerable.  in  theory,  this  allows  them  to  support  nearly  6  million  devices  for  these  prefixes  alone,  marrapese  said.  in  reality,  enumeration  of  these  prefixes  has  shown  that  the  number  of  online  devices  was  1,517,260  in  march  2019.  by  enumerating  all  of  the  other  vendor  prefixes,  that  pushes  the  number
__label__situationalsurveillance toward  2  million.  marrapese  said  he  also  built  a  proofofconcept  attack  that  can  steal  passwords  from  devices  by  abusing  their  builtin  heartbeat  feature.upon  being  connected  to  a  network,  ilnkp2p  devices  will  regularly  send  a  heartbeat  or  here  i  am  message  to  their  preconfigured  p2p  servers  and  await  further  instructions.  a  p2p  server  will  direct  connection  requests  to  the  origin  of  the  most  recentlyreceived  heartbeat  message,  marrapese  said.  simply  by  knowing  a  valid  device  uid,  it  is  possible  for  an  attacker  to  issue  fraudulent  heartbeat  messages  that  will  supersede  any  issued  by  the  genuine  device.  upon  connecting,  most  clients  will  immediately
__label__situationalsurveillance attempt  to  authenticate  as  an  administrative  user  in  plaintext,  allowing  an  attacker  to  obtain  the  credentials  to  the  device.  to  make  matters  worse,  even  if  an  attacker  doesnt  want  to  bother  intercepting  device  passwords,  a  great  many  of  them  will  be  running  in  their  factorydefault  state  with  the  factorydefault  password.  the  iot  malware  proved  this  conclusively,  as  it  rapidly  spread  to  millions  of  devices  .  whats  more,  as  we  saw  with  mirai  the  firmware  and  software  built  into  these  iot  devices  is  often  based  on  computer  code  that  is  many  years  old  and  replete  with  security  vulnerabilities,  meaning  that  anyone
__label__situationalsurveillance able  to  communicate  directly  with  them  is  also  likely  to  be  able  to  remotely  compromise  them  with  malicious  software.  marrapese  said  despite  attempts  to  notify  ,  ilnk  and  a  half  dozen  major  vendors  whose  products  make  up  the  bulk  of  the  affected  devices,  none  of  them  have  responded  to  his  reports  even  though  he  first  started  reaching  out  to  them  more  than  four  months  ago.  neither  hichip  nor  ilnk  responded  to  requests  for  comment  sent  by  krebsonsecurity.  interestingly,  ilnks  web  site  p1.ilnk.com  currently  appears  to  be  nonfunctional,  and  a  review  of  its  html  source  code  indicates  the  site  is  currently
__label__situationalsurveillance compromised  by  an  obfuscated  script  that  tries  to  redirect  visitors  to  a  chinese  gaming  web  site.  despite  the  widespread  impact  of  these  vulnerabilities,  marrapeses  research  suggests  that  remediation  from  vendors  is  unlikely  and  in  fact,  unfeasible.  the  nature  of  these  vulnerabilities  makes  them  extremely  difficult  to  remediate  for  several  reasons,  marrapese  wrote.  softwarebased  remediation  is  unlikely  due  to  the  infeasibility  of  changing  device  uids,  which  are  permanently  assigned  during  the  manufacturing  process.  furthermore,  even  if  software  patches  were  issued,  the  likelihood  of  most  users  updating  their  device  firmware  is  low.  physical  device  recalls  are  unlikely  as  well  because  of  considerable
__label__situationalsurveillance logistical  challenges.  shenzhen  yunni  technology  is  an  upstream  vendor  with  inestimable  subvendors  due  to  the  practice  of  whitelabeling  and  reselling.  marrapese  said  there  is  no  practical  way  to  turn  off  the  p2p  functionality  on  the  affected  devices.  many  iot  devices  can  punch  holes  in  firewalls  using  a  feature  built  into  hardwarebased  routers  called  .  but  simply  turning  off  upnp  on  ones  router  wont  prevent  the  devices  from  establishing  a  p2p  connection  as  they  rely  on  a  different  communications  technique  called  .  marrapese  said  it  should  be  possible  to  block  vulnerable  devices  from  communicating  with  any  p2p  servers  by  setting  up
__label__situationalsurveillance firewall  rules  that  block  traffic  destined  for  udp  port  32100.  however,  a  much  safer  idea  would  be  to  simply  avoid  purchasing  or  using  iot  devices  that  advertise  any  p2p  capabilities.  previous  research  has  unearthed  similar  vulnerabilities  in  the  p2p  functionality  built  into  other  iot  systems.for  examples  of  this,  see  ,  and  .  marrapese  documented  his  findings  in  more  detail  .the  enumeration  vulnerability  has  been  assignedcve201911219,  and  the  maninthemiddle  vulnerability  has  been  assignedcve201911220.  additional  reading:  .  tags:  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  this  is  the  reason  we  have  avoided  all  security  cameras  even  though  wed  like  them.  do  you  know
__label__situationalsurveillance of  any  articles  that  rate  security  cams  including  their  known  vulnerabilities?  the  security  used  with  the  ring  was  vetted  by  steve  gibson  of  grc.com  and  hes  gone  on  record  to  say  that  theyve  done  it  right.  there  was  one  instance  of  a  flaw  that  was  reported  to  them  before  amazon  bought  them  out  and  they  responded  quickly  and  fixed  the  flaw.  excellent.  wish  they  were  as  affordable  as  the  cheap  china  stuff.  you  get  what  you  pay  for  i  guess?  security  vs.  privacy  google,  amazon,  apple  all  have  great  security.  but  if  ever  they  decide  it  is  profitable  to  use
__label__situationalsurveillance your  home  automation  data  beware.  even  if  they  dont  have  access  to  your  actual  video  content  the  metadata  is  still  valuable  to  them.  gmail  is  very  secure,  but  google  reads  your  emails  for  profiling.  amazon  echo  is  secure,  but  its  been  revealed  that  humans  are  listening  to  audio  samples.  we  may  not  hear  of  a  major  security  flaw  from  the  big  companies,  but  we  may  hear  of  privacy  abuse.  i  wonder  from  whom  amazon  bought  their  web  cam  they  dont  provide  any  security  information  on  it  who  knows  how  many  vulns  it  has  cloud  cam,  not  web  cam  imo,  that
__label__situationalsurveillance just  means  rings  vulnerabilities/backdoors  havent  been  disclosed  yet.  btw,  steves  actual  words  were  i  mean,  ring  is  an  example  of,  in  my  opinion,  doing  this  as  right  as  it  can  be  done.  the  latter  part  of  the  quote  is  rather  significant.  btw,  he  recommends  running  all  iot  devices  on  your  guest  network  with  no  access  to  your  home/business  network,  which  should  give  you  some  indication  as  to  his  level  of  trust  regarding  their  inherently  insecure  nature.  if  you  have  to  isolate  your  iot  devices  from  your  primary  network  to  protect  that  network  from  attacks,  do  you  really  trust  those  devices
__label__situationalsurveillance not  to  leak  the  data  video,  etc  theyre  collecting?  all  and  i  mean  all  hardware  and  software  and  processes  used  are  designed  and  built  by  humans  and  so  therefor  has  undiscovered  bugs.  some  have  more,  but  they  all  have  bugs.  some  people  make  a  living  discovering  those  bugs,  and  then  sell  them  to  the  highest  bidder  or  responsibly  report  them  to  the  vendor.  why  is  that  fact  so  hard  to  grasp?  id  be  very  skeptical  of  any  vetting  that  is  done  by  leo  laporte  and  his  security  now  show.  you  must  realize  that  ring  is  the  sponsor  of  that  podcast,
__label__situationalsurveillance so  any  real  vetting  is  highly  improbable.  as  for  the  gibson  fellow,  his  version  of  vetting  is  just  reading  the  press  release  and  trusting  the  vendor/sponsor.  any  real  vetting  should  be  done  by  trusted  security  researchers  that  actual  reverse  engineer  the  code  and  look  for  vulnerabilities.  perhaps  you  should  find  out  more  about  s.g.  leo  for  that  matter.  dennis  heres  a  pretty  good  example  of  steves  skillz:  you  might  want  to  rethink  your  comments.  old  school  hx0r.  al:  thank  you.  i  havent  laughed  this  hard  for  a  while.  ps.  definitely  a  paper  written  in  2001  by  steve  gibson  proves  steve
__label__situationalsurveillance gibsons  incredible  skills  as  a  security  researcher.  do  inform  us  of  your  skills.  he  ran  loic  once.  and  the  most  technical  part  of  that  document  seems  to  be  the  use  of  netstat.  btw  this  is  a  different  joe  here.  most  of  the  comments  below  are  mine.  and  not  the  one  defending  s.g.  or  leo.  thank  you  average  joe.  i  like  open  source  standards,  so  i  suggest  axis.  they  just  bought  2n,  but  i  would  hold  off  on  2n  products  until  they  have  been  axis  products  for  a  while.  axis  is  an  onvif  member.  regarding  ring,  never  use  wifi  for  security.
__label__situationalsurveillance crooks  use  jammers.  yes  i  am  serious.  another  tip  is  to  buy  cameras  that  use  surface  mount  ir  leds  rather  than  through  hole.  also  avoid  bullet  cameras  if  there  is  another  choice.  the  crooks  literally  lasso  those  bullet  cameras.  axis  makes  terrific  cameras,  but  theyre  also  about  1020x  as  expensive  as  most  of  the  products  discussed  in  this  article.  no  argument  axis  gear  is  expensive.  i  still  have  the  isc  west  app  on  my  phone.  i  have  87  vendors  under  ip  cameras.  you  can  burn  a  lot  of  time  figuring  out  who  makes  gear  on  par  with  axis.  it  is
__label__situationalsurveillance kind  of  buying  ibm  back  in  the  day.  you  could  probably  cut  it  down  to  less  than  two  dozen  camera  vendors  if  you  stick  to  onvif  members,  depending  on  the  profile.  for  individual  security  cams  and  security  cams  by  common  vulnerabilities  and  exposures  cve,  do  a  do  search  by  vendor  name  at  cve  and  cert  databases.  i  bought  one  of  these  a  couple  years  ago  to  use  as  a  baby  monitor.  unfortunately  i  wasnt  able  to  use  it  locally  after  blocking  its  mac  address  on  my  firewall  so  into  a  drawer  it  went.  the  larger  problem  that  many  people  fail
__label__situationalsurveillance to  take  into  account  is  the  idea  of  using  anything  that  is  connected  to  a  central  controller.  sorry,  but  i  am  not  a  fan  of  ring,  google,  or  amazon  as  if  any  of  them  ever  get  hacked  the  hackers  have  potential  access  to  everyones  data.  there  are  safer  alternatives.  setup  everything  on  your  home  network  and  vpn  in  to  get  access.  it  is  not  as  easy  as  logging  into  a  cloud  url,  but  it  is  safer  imo.  this  is  great  advice  that  i  tell  many  people.  get  a  good  router,  setup  ddns,  and  use  a  vpn  to  connect  to  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  that  are  otherwise  blocked  from  the  internet.  of  course,  this  requires  a  decent  router  which  not  everyone  will  want  to  buy.  and  the  vpn  solution  doesnt  work  for  any  iot  device  that  needs  to  alert  in  realtime.  so  no  doorbells,  cameras  that  you  want  to  trigger  on  motion,  or  anything  that  needs  to  send  outbound  traffic  unsolicited  by  the  user.  i  disable  all  p2p  on  individual  devices,  and  at  the  firewall.  really,  if  necessary?  port  forwarding  with  translation  is  not  that  hard.  to  boot  who  exactly  knows  what  secret  wormholes  p2p  establishes?  is  your  firewall/router  disable  p2p  option  only
__label__situationalsurveillance for  recognized  application  layer  protocols?  some  router  makers  simply  group  known  p2p  protocols  like  torrent,  etc.  but  it  doesnt  actually  block  udp  hole  punching.  udp  hole  punching  takes  advantage  of  udps  connectionless  nature,  and  as  long  as  the  keepalive  beacons  are  flowing  outbound,  the  state  table  will  allow  inbound  from  the  same  ip/port  pair.  it  doesnt  really  consider  it  a  peer  2  peer  type  layer  7  protocol.  port  forwarding  is  nice,  in  a  sense  that  the  user  knows  exactly  what  ports  are  open.  but  really,  the  user  still  doesnt  know  what  traffic  is  flowing  through  it.  for  ip  cameras  and
__label__situationalsurveillance other  iot  devices  where  consumers  want  to  connect  clients  from  anywhere  there  still  needs  to  be  a  rendezvous  server  that  tells  those  clients  what  ip/ports  to  connect  home.  which  means  this  security  is  still  in  the  hands  of  that  unknown  cloud  server.  and  if  they  protect  it  with  a  simple/guessable  uid  and  default/weak  password  then  it  is  the  same  threat,  regardless  of  whether  or  not  the  home  device  used  udp  hole  punching,  upnp,  pmpnat,  or  required  manual  port  forwarding.  the  better  solution  is  to  get  rid  of  the  rendezvous  servers  and  use  ddns  to  give  your  home  network  a  unique
__label__situationalsurveillance name  that  resides  on  dns  servers.  then  manually  set  up  the  clients  with  the  dns  name  the  port.  this  way,  the  cloud  provider  doesnt  even  need  to  know  where  you  are  at  and  less  risk  of  them  compromising  that  info.  dont  like  the  idea  of  port  forwarding.  bad  guys  can  scan  for  open  ports  and  compromise  rdp  if  im  not  mistaken.  to  andrews  point,  it  is  way  safer  to  find  devices  that  do  not  need  the  internet  to  work,  and  then  setup  all  of  it  premise  at  your  home,  then  vpn  in  to  get  access.  the  problem  with  this  is
__label__situationalsurveillance that,  most  diy  security  cameras  require  planning,  it  setup,  wire  runs,  drilling,  time,  and  additional  tools.  and  most  home  owners  do  not  want  to  do  that.  if  you  have  these  devices,  the  best  thing  to  do  is  to  set  them  up,  place  them  on  there  own  subnet/vlan,  and  firewall/pihole  them.  on  a  different  topic:  data  thieves  are  gathering  up  tons  of  data  on  people,  often  without  them  knowing  it.  because  the  contracts  you  agree  to  online  are  more  and  more  outrageous.  is  there  a  way  to  find  out  who  has  data  on  you?  is  there  are  way  to  post  a
__label__situationalsurveillance do  not  use  flag  on  personal  data,  etc.?  as  in,  the  right  of  publicity,  etc..  chinese  crap.  its  not  bad  enough  that  they  polluted  their  own  air  and  water  so  bad  that  companies  are  moving  out  of  beijing  just  because  they  cant  even  breath.  now  the  jackasses  have  to  totally  pollute  the  internet  with  their  crap  also.  how  is  this  not  different  from  melamine  in  chinese  milk  or  lead  in  chinese  childrens  toys?  where  is  the  ftc,  which  should  be  protecting  us  from  harmful  foreign  imported  products?  so  what  are  the  real  life  dangers  of  this?  somebody  somewhere  can  see
__label__situationalsurveillance my  living  room.  and?  they  could  potentially  upload  malware  to  your  device  that  is  behind  your  firewall.  from  there  they  could  attack  any  system  on  your  network,  or  worse.  or,  they  could  use  your  device  and  network  to  proxy  malicious  activity  online,  such  as  credential  stuffing  attacks,  account  takeovers  and  other  types  of  cybercrime.  the  biggest  risk  is  that  these  p2p  weaknesses  will  allow  some  bad  guys  to  a  create  a  truly  monster  botnet,  just  like  they  did  with  mirai.  if  youre  unfamiliar  with  mirai,  its  been  involved  in  launching  some  of  the  biggest  ddos  attacks  the  internet  has  ever
__label__situationalsurveillance seen.  .  or,  they  could  use  your  device  and  network  to  proxy  malicious  activity  online,  at  the  individual  level,  this  is  a  bigger  concern  than  a  massive  botnet.  imagine  dealing  with  the  6am  knock  at  the  door  based  on  a  warrant  for  distribution  of  child  pornography  because  they  subverted  a  web  cam  to  host  the  content.  a  good  investigator  could  sort  this  out  quickly.  an  untrained  investigator  would  tie  you  up  in  the  system  for  years.  thats  certainly  what  worries  me  the  most.  for  the  other  stuff,  anyone  spying  on  me  will  die  of  boredom,  guaranteed.  its  certainly  valid  to
__label__situationalsurveillance say  one  does  not  have  much  of  significance  to  spy  on  or  steal  but  lets  be  careful  not  to  extend  that  to  therefore  i  dont  care  if  everyone  is  constantly  spied  upon  or  everything  everyone  has  is  stolen  for  if  one  truly  doesnt  care  about  keeping  any  of  their  stuff,  they  might  as  well  put  it  all  in  the  garbage,  and  have  no  stuff.  or  if  they  truly  dont  care  about  keeping  anything  private,  they  might  as  well  remove  all  doors,  curtains,  clothes,  etc,  and  publish  all  their  bank  details  and  passwords  publicly,  etc  no,  dont  do  any  of  this,
__label__situationalsurveillance im  just  cautioning  against  absurdity  by  describing  it  we  are  a  startup  that  built  our  guard  dog  product  specifically  to  product  home  automation/smart  home  devices.  our  strategy  is  iipp.  isolate  the  devices  onto  their  own  subnet,  identify  them,  profile  their  behavior  and  protect  the  home  by  blocked  unwanted  and  unexpected  traffic.  we  are  on  kickstarter  here  if  you  are  interested:  i  read  p2p  and  it  reminds  me  of  file  sharing  services  with  illicit  torrent  junk  and  dark  web  criminals.  for  that  reason  alone,  id  never  use  such  devices.  this  article  mirrors  similar  information  as  the  one  in  october  2018,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance earlier  articles.  repeatedly,  kos  points  out  that  these  chinesemade  iot  devices  are  flawed.  i  disagree;  these  are  not  flaws.  these  devices  are  intentionally  designed  by  the  chinese  for  spying  and  its  not  an  accident.  ive  instituted  the  finest  security  you  could  imagine.  i  have  nothing  worth  stealing..  even  my  identity  is  worthless.  oh  wait  ,  i  guess  if  you  could  use  my  arduino  or  raspberry  pi  to  steal  my  social  security  ,  well  youd  still  be  starving.  neither  the  russians  nor  the  chinese  need  my  data  when  they  already  have  pwnd  our  president.  as  any  battlestar  galactica  fan  knows  no
__label__situationalsurveillance network  is  ever  safe.  krebsonsecurity  is  full  of  articles  that  explain  numerous  times  how  criminals  do  value  your  identity,  email,  iot,  etc  even  if  you  cannot  fathom  how  it  may  be  valuable.  if  you  dont  value  your  stuff,  please  get  rid  of  it,  so  that  the  rest  of  us  are  not  constantly  attacked  by  it.  ah,  yes.  internet  connected  cameras  and  microphones  purchased  to  place  in  ones  home  in  order  to  accomplish  absolutely  trivial  things  that  could  be  done  with  a  smart  phone  or  pc.  brilliant.  brian  great  insights  what  do  you  make  of  products  like  opendns  that  claim  to
__label__situationalsurveillance address  these  issues?  thanks  charles  if  a  device  chooses  to  use  an  ip  address  w/o  dns,  opendns  wont  help  you  the  right  approaches  are:  1.  pay  for  decent  products  w/  actual  support  and  firmware  updates  2.  set  up  a  separate  network  for  idiot  devices  3.  make  sure  that  your  router  can  severely  restrict  traffic  toandfrom  such  devices.  preferably  w/  notifications  for  changes  in  traffic  behavior.  chinese  internet  enabled  devices  are  a  risk.  i  but  them  on  their  own  vlan  and  ssid  where  feasible,  and  always  blocks  them  from  gaining  internet  access  no  matter  what  vlan  they  are  on.  i  am
__label__situationalsurveillance still  aware,  that  there  is  a  risk  that  the  devices  will  switch  ip/mac  and  do  a  heartbeat  once  in  a  while  to  contact  the  chinese  government  cc  server.  i  see  them  all  as  trojans.  maybe  it  is  not  a  problem  for  me  if  the  chinese  takes  control  of  my  outdoor  ip  cams  from  respectable  brands  like  dahua  and  hikvision,  but  i  see  them  as  a  risk  to  the  rest  of  the  network  they  can  see,  and  to  national  infrastructure.  it  doesnt  matter  that  theyre  isolated  to  a  separate  or  guest  network.  once  infected,  they  will  consume  resources  that  should  have
__label__situationalsurveillance gone  to  your  main  or  home  network.  and  they  will  get  infected,  as  designed.  if  you  pay  for  a  big  data  plan  or  extra  broadband  speeds,  you  may  never  notice  the  leaking  pipe  until  your  isp  sends  you  a  disconnection  notice  for  excessive  usage.  if  your  plan  is  more  modest,  the  data  loss  will  be  noticeable,  but  youll  be  powerless  to  stop  it.  either  way,  youre  tempting  fate  to  kick  you  in  the  knees.  the  best  bet  is  to  get  iot  devices  designed  for  security,  or  forgo  them  entirely.  there  is  no  need  for  most  iot  devices  that  cannot  be
__label__situationalsurveillance met  through  cctv,  adt  or  similar  service,  or  a  good  neighbor.  hikvision  is  hardly  reputable.  there  is  a  reason  those  cameras  are  banned  for  use  by  federal  government.  if  you  have  them,  replace  them.  i  have  the  nest  doorbell  camera  and  not  yet  installed  nest  cameras.  does  anyone  have  any  knowledge  of  their  security  vulns,  resources  with  info  on  them,  etc?  greatly  appreciated.  thank  you.  the  primary  vulnerability  is  that  youre  a  target  for  violence  by  anyone  who  notices  youve  installed  a  device  that  gives  google  a  24/7  view  of  your  neighbors.  it  marks  you  as  the  sort  of  person
__label__situationalsurveillance who  deserves  to  be  encouraged  to  move  away.  if  you  are  determined  to  let  google  spy  on  you  and  your  neighbors,  shame  on  you.  here  is  additional  information  about  nest  vulnerabilities:  these  devicespecific  vulnerabilities  are  one  reason  why  it  is  valuable  to  put  iot  devices  behind  an  iot  gateway  application.  ideally  such  an  app  would  run  on  the  home/local  network  router  or  broadband  modem  assuming  the  modem  has  router/firewall  capability,  and  be  able  to  manage  firewall  settings.  mozillas  open  source  webthings  gateway  application  iot.mozilla.org  is  being  integrated  into  openwrt,  so  that  it  can  run  on  a  router.  then  consumers  dont
__label__situationalsurveillance need  to  configure  all  these  firewall  rules  themselves  mozillas  iot  team  will  help  implement  the  protections  consumers  need  and  deserve,  and  with  the  support  of  security  experts  like  this  article  points  out,  keep  them  as  safe  as  possible.  any  info  on  the  blink  products?  not  to  mention  alexa  stuff  sigh.  i  have  a  couple  of  ubiquiti  cameras  at  my  home.  they  are  controlled  by  an  on  prem  controller  but  made  available  to  the  internet  via  video.ubnt.com.  ubiquiti  seems  to  be  really  on  top  of  problems  and  updates  firmware  regularly.  they  certainly  dont  use  p2p.  i  feel  like  it  is  a
__label__situationalsurveillance quality  brand  both  hardware  and  software  wise.  like  axis,  they  are  not  the  cheapest  hardware  but  having  something  maintained  long  term  costs  money.  spyware  in  the  iot  is  quite  possibly  the  most  troubling  new  cyberthreat,  given  the  mass  adoption  of  smart  everything  smart  toys  for  our  kids,  smart  homes,  smart  wearables.  more  on  the  topic  here:  brian,  not  necessarily  the  only  solution  is  to  avoid  purchasing  or  using  iot  devices  that  advertise  any  p2p  capabilities.  a  realtime  proactive  cybersecurity  solution  for  iot  devices  can  solve  this  issue.  id  love  your  thoughts  about  our  blog  post  on  p2p  hole  punching  in
__label__situationalsurveillance home  iot  and  what  can  be  done  to  ensure  the  privacy  and  security  of  the  users.  check  it  out  here  i  am  qxiang,  the  developer  of  ilnkp2p.how  can  i  voice  out  my  words  we  are  a  small  company,  we  provide  the  communication  components  ilnkp2p  to  let  the  device  can  easy  access,  but  as  you  known,  a  device  solution  is  combined  by  much  components,  a  communication  component  can  not  be  reponsable  for  the  device  whole  security,  any  questions  please  contact  us,  not  just  say  other  say,please,we  are  fallen  a  big  problem  but  can  not  voice  out  our  views  i  think  your
__label__situationalsurveillance response  is  typical  for  products  made  in  china.  it  is  great  that  hundreds  of  manufacturers  like  yourself  have  driven  down  costs.  but  the  lack  of  security  awareness  is  evident  in  your  comment.  the  communications  component,  as  you  call  it,  is  critical  to  security  of  the  whole  system.  and  just  because  you  didnt  develop  it  yourself,  but  rather  selected  it  as  a  standard,  doesnt  absolve  you  of  due  diligence.  the  security  is  still  your  responsibility.  if  that  means  you  spend  a  bit  more  on  supply  chain  security,  or  develop  better  mitigating  controls  to  make  up  for  the  obvious  gaps  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance protocol,  then  that  is  your  responsibility.  vendors  like  yourself  seem  to  give  no  thought  to  the  security  of  the  3rd  party  components  or  even  try  to  develop  a  way  to  patch  after  the  inevitable  flaw  is  discovered.  and  that  is  why  you  deserve  the  reputation  you  get  for  poor  security.  click  image  for  my  skimmer  series.  a  new  york  times  bestseller  badguy  uses  for  your  pc  tools  for  a  safer  pc  spammers  duke  it  out  your  email  account  may  be  worth  far  more  than  you  imagine.  ebanking  best  practices  for  businesses  innovations  from  the  underground  id  protection  services  examined  the
__label__situationalsurveillance reasons  for  its  decline  file  em  before  the  bad  guys  can  a  crash  course  in  carding.  sign  up,  or  be  signed  up  finding  out  is  not  so  easy.  ...for  online  safety.  2019  krebs  on  security.  powered  by  .
__label__situationalsurveillance integrators  can  deliver  greater  value  by  educating  their  customers  about  the  benefits  of  applying  video  data  beyond  physical  security  applications.  cloudbased  ai  systems  offer  the  potential  for  generating  additional  revenue  from  existing  customers  by  offering  valueadded  services  using  their  existing  hardware  and  systems.  the  amount  of  video  data  generated  today  is  exponential,  with  more  and  more  created  every  minute  of  every  day.  the  vast  amounts  of  data  available  offers  tremendous  potential  for  analysis  and  integration  with  other  systems  to  offer  valuable  insight  into  both  security  and  nonsecurity  practices.  has  emerged  as  a  technology  that  can  streamline  this  process  by  constantly
__label__situationalsurveillance learning  and  adapting  to  realworld  scenarios.  as  a  result,  ai  enables  better  decisionmaking.  for  instance,  ai  can  learn  what  a  normal  environment  should  look  like  based  on  continuous  video  monitoring  of  a  designated  area.  in  the  case  of  anomalies  to  the  normal  environment,  ai  technology  would  classify  those  anomalies  or  irregularities  as  outside  of  that  norm.  an  office  building  might  employ  ai  for  human  detection  during  offhours  to  determine  if  someone  is  on  the  premises.  in  addition  to  being  present  during  office  offhours,  if  a  person  is  exhibiting  potentially  suspicious  behavior  such  as  moving  quickly  or  not  moving  in  a
__label__situationalsurveillance single,  decisive  direction  ai  can  be  used  to  alert  a  guard  to  investigate  the  video  and  take  action  if  necessary.  and  by  integrating  with  other  sensors,  such  as  access  control,  ai  technology  could  proactively  lock  doors  if  and  when  suspicious  behavior  is  detected.  this  is  just  one  example  of  the  many  benefits  of  combining  video  data  and  ai,  which  are  by  no  means  limited  to  security  applications.  additionally,  shifting  data  storage  and  analysis  to  the  cloud  brings  even  more  functionality  to  an  organization  and  improves  its  ability  to  make  these  critical  decisions.  by  allowing  end  users  to  manage  alerts  and
__label__situationalsurveillance incoming  issues  from  a  cloudbased  platform  accessible  from  anywhere  at  any  time,  situational  awareness  can  be  improved,  and  the  safety  and  security  of  an  organization  is  prioritized.  while  ai  certainly  brings  added  value  to  video  from  a  security  perspective,  it  also  expands  video  data  application  to  aspects  outside  of  security,  most  notably  business  optimization.  in  the  age  of  the  ,  businesses  have  access  to  data  generated  by  an  unprecedented  number  of  sensors,  such  as  pointofsale  pos,  mobile  devices,  access  control,  hvac  and  much  more.  there  is  tremendous  potential  for  organizations  to  mine  this  data.  by  applying  predictive  analysis  to  generate
__label__situationalsurveillance actionable  intelligence,  businesses  can  extract  valuable  insights  from  big  data  for  making  decisions  that  streamline  operations.  but  while  ai  and  machine  learning  open  new  doors  for  leveraging  video  in  ways  that  may  have  been  unimaginable  just  a  few  years  ago,  the  reality  is  that  the  majority  of  video  data  today  is  still  not  being  used  for  applications  outside  of  security.  a  frequent  roadblock  for  expanding  an  application  is  the  challenges  associated  with  aggregating  and  correlating  data  from  multiple  iot  devices  and  sensors.  this  is  where  ai  excels,  particularly  in  a  cloudbased  environment.  onpremises  surveillance  systems  are  traditionally  deployed  in  oneoff
__label__situationalsurveillance instances  and  are  not  part  of  an  integrated  network  that  includes  multiple  locations,  making  it  difficult  to  easily  accumulate  data.  cloudbased  ai  systems,  on  the  other  hand,  bring  together  data  across  multiple  sites  for  analysis  on  a  larger  scale  to  identify  trends  while  also  making  proactive  recommendations  to  users.  in  a  retail  or  hotel  application,  for  example,  the  data  can  identify  parts  of  the  day  when  queue  times  tend  to  be  the  longest  and  recommend  adjusting  staffing  at  those  times  to  improve  customer  experiences.  despite  the  fact  that  most  end  users  today  rely  on  alone,  there  is  still  tremendous  opportunities
__label__situationalsurveillance for  integrators.  cloudbased  ai  systems  offer  the  potential  to  not  only  allow  data  to  be  mined  in  ways  that  simply  havent  been  available  with  previous  solutions,  but  they  also  empower  users  to  access  insights  for  a  globally  dispersed  business  from  anywhere  and  from  any  device.  this  is  done  through  a  streamlined,  centralized  platform  that  can  easily  scale  as  needed  without  additional  maintenance  or  hardware.  integrators  can  deliver  greater  value  by  educating  their  customers  about  the  benefits  of  applying  video  data  beyond  physical  security  applications.  from  the  integrator  side,  is  the  lifeblood  of  security  companies.  however,  rmr  can  be  difficult  to
__label__situationalsurveillance generate  from  onetime  equipment  sales  and  installation,  which  requires  constantly  selling  to  new  customers.  cloudbased  ai  systems,  on  the  other  hand,  offer  the  potential  for  generating  additional  revenue  from  existing  customers  by  offering  valueadded  services  using  their  existing  hardware  and  systems.  for  customers,  the  potential  financial  benefits  are  twofold.  first,  with  no  new  hardware  required  onsite,  they  can  derive  greater  value  from  their  capital  expenditures.  second,  by  aggregating  data  from  a  multitude  of  sensors  across  multiple  business  locations,  end  users  can  glean  valuable  intelligence  from  their  video  services,  which  can  streamline  operations,  identify  opportunities  for  improvements,  and  moreall  of  which
__label__situationalsurveillance can  directly  impact  their  bottom  line  for  the  better.  once  the  benefits  of  the  cloud  are  realized  by  integrators,  customers  will  also  be  privy  to  the  value  that  it  brings  to  their  business  and  continue  to  adopt  cloudbased  services  and  products  into  the  future.  integrators  should  be  prepared  with  the  necessary  knowledge  about  ai,  iot  and  how  both  can  work  together  with  cloudbased  video  services  to  form  a  powerful,  integrated  system  for  improving  security  and  overall  operations.  the  time  is  now  for  video  data  usage  as  a  whole,  coupled  with  aiassisted  decisionmaking,  and  forwardthinking  integrators  and  end  users  are  already
__label__situationalsurveillance reaping  the  benefits  of  these  predictive  technologies.  for  professionals  who  recommend,  buy  and  install  all  types  of  electronic  security  equipment,  a  free  subscription  to  security  sales  integration  is  like  having  a  consultant  on  call.  youll  find  an  ideal  balance  of  technology  and  business  coverage,  with  installation  tips  and  techniques  for  products  and  updates  on  how  to  add  sales  to  your  bottom  line.  a  free  subscription  to  the  1  resource  for  the  residential  and  commercial  security  industry  will  prove  to  be  invaluable.  subscribe  today  required  fields  are  marked  this  next  installment  of  the  ssi  industry  hall  of  fame  webcast  series  features
__label__situationalsurveillance jim  henry,  executive  vice  president  of  corporate  development  for  securitas  electronic  security.  the  new  ieee  802.3bt  standard  increases  the  maximum  poe  power  available  mainly  by  utilizing  all  four  pairs  of  the  structured  wiring.  2019  all  rights  reserved.
__label__situationalsurveillance an  official  website  of  the  united  states  government  info  federal  government  websites  often  end  in  .gov  or  .mil.  before  sharing  sensitive  information,  make  sure  youre  on  a  federal  government  site.  the  ensures  that  you  are  connecting  to  the  official  website  and  that  any  information  you  provide  is  encrypted  and  transmitted  securely.  https://www.nist.gov/newsevents/news/2019/08/nistreleasesdraftsecurityfeaturerecommendationsiotdevices  appliances  from  refrigerators  to  thermostats  are  now  available  in  models  that  interact  with  a  wireless  network,  making  them  easier  to  control  with  a  computer  or  smartphone.  because  these  devices  can  also  put  our  security  at  risk,  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  nist  has  released  a  guide
__label__situationalsurveillance to  help  us  all  adjust  to  a  world  where  seemingly  everything  is  connected  and  potentially  vulnerable.  identifies  a  set  of  voluntary  recommended  cybersecurity  features  to  include  in  networkcapable  devices,  whether  designed  for  the  home,  the  hospital  or  the  factory  floor.  although  the  guides  subtitle  is  a  starting  point  for  iot  device  manufacturers,  its  principles  can  be  useful  to  anyone  who  links  a  device  to  the  internet.  this  core  baseline  guide  offers  some  recommendations  for  what  an  iot  device  should  do  and  what  security  features  it  should  possess,  said  mike  fagan,  a  nist  computer  scientist  and  one  of  the  guides  authors.
__label__situationalsurveillance it  is  aimed  at  a  technical  audience,  but  we  hope  to  help  consumers  as  well  as  manufacturers.  as  with  a  number  of  other  nist  cybersecurity  publications,  the  core  baseline,  whose  full  title  is  core  cybersecurity  feature  baseline  for  securable  iot  devices  ,  is  not  a  set  of  rules  for  manufacturers  to  follow.  rather,  it  is  voluntary  guidance  intended  to  help  promote  the  best  available  practices  for  mitigating  risks  to  iot  security.  it  complements  the  recent  publication  of  considerations  for  managing  internet  of  things  cybersecurity  and  privacy  risks  ,  which  primarily  addresses  large  organizations  that  have  more  resources  to  dedicate  to
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  cybersecurity.  iot  devices  can  provide  tremendous  benefits  e.g.,  smart  medical  devices  as  well  as  a  host  of  conveniences,  like  checking  our  refrigerators  contents  from  the  grocery  store.  they  also  create  a  new  type  of  cybersecurity  risk  for  a  society  that  already  suffers  newsworthy  hacks  and  data  breaches  on  a  regular  basis.  while  a  conventional  computer  might  require  a  password  entered  from  a  keyboard,  a  networkcapable  coffee  maker  might  have  no  keyboard  at  all  but  would  still  appear  on  a  home  or  office  wireless  network.  this  and  countless  other  small  electronic  devices  could  be  vulnerable  to  hacking  if  they  do
__label__situationalsurveillance not  possess  security  features  that  an  owner  understands  and  uses.  securing  devices  is  a  group  effort,  fagan  said.  the  manufacturer  has  to  supply  options  and  software  updates,  and  the  user  has  to  apply  them.  both  sides  have  roles  to  play.  the  core  baseline  provides  a  list  of  six  recommended  security  features  that  manufacturers  can  build  into  iot  devices,  and  that  consumers  can  look  for  on  a  devices  box  or  online  description  while  shopping.  while  the  document  includes  technical  language  not  intended  for  consumers,  fagan  provided  a  straightforward  explanation  of  each  feature:  fagan  said  that  home  users  might  appreciate  the  value
__label__situationalsurveillance of  some  of  these  features  more  easily  particularly  data  protection,  regular  software  updates,  and  interface  access  controls  which  stop  other  people  from  accessing  your  device.  other  features  represent  a  more  nuanced  benefit,  such  as  the  ability  to  reset  a  device  securely  to  its  original  settings  if  the  device  ever  changes  hands.  all  of  the  feature  recommendations  in  the  draft  iot  core  baseline  were  developed  as  part  of  a  public/private  partnership  with  industry,  government  and  academic  stakeholders.  to  improve  the  core  baseline  further,  nist  will  hold  a  ,  to  gather  feedback  on  the  draft.  the  authors  will  hold  breakout  sessions  to
__label__situationalsurveillance discuss  aspects  of  the  draft  with  the  stakeholder  community.  registration  is  open  until  aug.  6.  the  agency  will  accept  public  comments  on  the  draft  until  sept.  30,  2019,  after  which  the  authors  will  begin  work  refining  the  guide  for  a  future  edition.
__label__situationalsurveillance an  official  website  of  the  united  states  government  info  federal  government  websites  often  end  in  .gov  or  .mil.  before  sharing  sensitive  information,  make  sure  youre  on  a  federal  government  site.  the  ensures  that  you  are  connecting  to  the  official  website  and  that  any  information  you  provide  is  encrypted  and  transmitted  securely.  https://www.nist.gov/topics/internetthingsiot  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  gustavo  escudero
__label__situationalsurveillance serving  posted:  those  of  us  that  watched  the  jetsons  on  tv  may  have  marveled  at  the  flying  cars  and  moving  sidewalks  of  the  future.  many  years  later,  we  arent  quite  there  yet,  but  with  iot  were  pretty  close.  maybe  the  term  iot  sounds  familiar?  its  a  pretty  popular  topic  of  conversation,  especially  on  the  internet.  and  its  a  fastgrowing  industry.  but  what  is  iot?  iot  is  short  for  the  internet  of  things.  and  according  to  ,  iot  is  a  giant  connected  network  of  things.  things  meaning  iot  devices  that  are  connected  to  each  other  and  to  the  internet.  a  related
__label__situationalsurveillance and  more  common  term  you  may  recognize  is  home  automationthe  ability  to  schedule  and  automate  your  smart  home  or  iot  connected  devices.  home  automation  falls  under  the  umbrella  of  iot  and  connected  devices.  at  their  best,  home  automation  iot  devices  can  help  make  life  easier  and  better.  iot  can  connect  all  of  your  favorite  devices  like  amazon  alexa,  smart  plugs,  and  smart  light  bulbs.  but  did  you  know  it  can  connect  your  home  security  system?  lets  take  a  look  at  the  different  connected  devices  you  can  incorporate  into  a  .  the  adt  video  doorbell  allows  you  to  answer  your  front
__label__situationalsurveillance door  from  virtually  anywhere  with  clear  hd  video  streaming  and  twoway  audioall  from  the  adt  pulse  video  app  on  your  smartphone  or  smart  device.  the  adt  video  doorbell  also  sends  alerts  to  your  smartphone  when  motion  is  detected,  and  records  motion  and  doorbellactivated  video  clips  for  you  to  view  laterwhich  is  great  for  when  youre  away  from  home,  or  unable  to  come  to  the  door.  so,  how  does  the  adt  video  doorbell  work  with  your  other  iot  devices  and  iot  home  security?  the  smart  lock  allows  you  to  lock  and  unlock  your  front  door  from  virtually  anywhere  with  the  adt
__label__situationalsurveillance pulse  app  on  your  smartphone.  with  the  smart  lock,  youll  never  have  to  worry  about  getting  locked  out  of  your  home  again.  or  wonder  if  you  remembered  to  lock  the  door  after  you  left  home.  you  and  your  family  can  lock  and  unlock  the  front  door  using  the  adt  pulse  app  or  a  keypad  combination  code.  you  can  grant  keyless  entry  to  guests  through  the  app  or  create  keypad  combinations  for  regular  visitors.  youll  receive  alerts  to  your  connected  devices  when  your  smart  lock  status  changes,  so  you  can  always  know  when  someone  enters  or  leaves  your  home.  and  with
__label__situationalsurveillance the  ability  to  set  up  to  30  unique  passcodes,  no  one  needs  to  share  a  code,  and  youll  always  know  who  is  coming  or  going  by  the  code  that  was  used.  its  an  easy  fix  in  the  adt  pulse  app  if  someone  accidentally  shares  a  passcode,  or  if  you  need  to  remove  someones  access  to  your  home.  you  can  even  automate  your  smart  locks  to  automatically  unlock  if  there  is  ever  a  smoke  or  firetriggered  alarmso  first  responders  can  easily  enter  your  home  to  provide  aid.  the  indoor  camera  allows  you  to  keep  an  eye  on  the  people  and  different
__label__situationalsurveillance areas  of  your  home  in  real  timeall  from  your  smartphone  or  connected  devices.  youll  receive  alerts  and  video  clips  when  the  indoor  camera  detects  motion,  which  will  help  you  to  better  protect  your  home  and  family.  the  indoor  camera  also  pairs  with  iot  devices  like  amazon  alexa  and  google  home  for  a  voice  controlled  iot  home  security  system.  if  you  already  own  and  love  an  alexa  voice  assistant  device,  you  may  be  excited  to  learn  about  the  different  ways  you  can  integrate  alexa  voice  commands  into  your  iot  home  security  system.  you  can  level  up  your  iot  security  with  handsfree
__label__situationalsurveillance control  by  pairing  an  alexa  device  with  your  homes  connected  iot  devices.  you  may  have  heard  news  stories  about  hackers  and  iot  devices.  but  the  alexa  adt  pulse  skill  helps  make  it  easier  to  keep  your  family  and  home  safe.  your  privacy  and  security  are  important,  so  alexa  asks  for  a  verbal  pin  to  disarm  your  adt  system  or  unlock  your  smart  locks.  this  can  help  prevent  others  from  accessing  your  iot  security  system  through  alexa.  do  you  know  your  alexa  voice  commands?  here  are  some  of  the  most  popular  alexa  commands  you  can  use  to  manage  your  iot  security
__label__situationalsurveillance system  with  the  :  the  adt  pulse  smartphone  app  is  userfriendly  it  has  a  4.8  star  rating  in  the  apple  app  store  and  allows  you  to  view  and  manage  your  iot  home  security  on  the  go.  you  can  arm  and  disarm  your  iot  security  system,  view  the  status  of  doors  and  windows,  and  receive  security  alertsall  on  your  smartphone.  iot  has  made  science  fiction  seem  possible  with  devices  that  can  send  you  information,  operate  via  voice  commands,  and  even  communicate  with  each  other.  and  now,  your  favorite  iot  connected  devices  can  all  work  together  to  create  a  smart  home  security
__label__situationalsurveillance system.  imagine  an  iot  security  system  that  can  help  protect  your  home  and  help  make  your  life  easier  and  more  comfortable.  well,  when  it  comes  to  iot,  the  future  is  here.  are  you  ready  to  get  started  with  iot  devices  and  iot  home  security?  contact  us
__label__situationalsurveillance cisco  makes  it  simple  to  deploy  and  scale  highly  secure  internet  of  things  iot  systems.  watch  now  gain  iot  application  visibility,  consistently  enforce  policy,  and  simplify  compliance.  weve  added  security  directly  into  the  network  infrastructure  so  you  can  use  your  iot  network  as  a  security  sensor  and  enforcer.  the  comprehensive  cisco  product  portfolio  addresses  cyber  security,  physical  security,  fog  to  cloud,  and  enabling  services  that,  together,  can  generate  predictable  business  outcomes.
__label__situationalsurveillance have  an  account?  need  an  account?  unlock  the  power  of  your  iot  data.connect  your  iot  devices  securely.put  compute  power  where  you  need  it.get  the  right  data  to  the  right  apps  at  the  right  time.  chat  live  with  a  cisco  representative  cisco:  get  business  value  from  your  iot  data,  and  meet  challenges  in  iot  environments  where  devices  and  applications  are  highly  distributed.  count  on  the  kinetic  platform  to  help  securely  connect  your  devices.  add  compute  power  anywhere  in  the  network,  from  edge  to  cloud.  and  selectively  move  data  to  applications  to  drive  better  business  outcomes.  extract  iot  data  from  all  the
__label__situationalsurveillance things  connected  to  your  iot  network.  normalize  the  data  to  make  it  usable  for  your  applications.  compute  data  on  edge  and  fog  nodes  in  your  distributed  network.  apply  rules  to  data  in  motion  for  fast  decisions  and  data  reduction.  move  your  data  programmatically  to  multiple  locations  where  apps  reside.  enforce  policies  around  data  ownership,  privacy,  and  security.  apply  the  power  of  kinetic  in  any  business  where  you  need  to  connect  iot  devices  securely  and  at  scale.  use  data  to  drive  operational  efficiency,  grow  revenue,  and  improve  the  customer  experience.  leverage  iot  data  from  the  edge  to  the  cloud  with  automated,
__label__situationalsurveillance secure  data  interactions  to  improve  yield,  lower  energy  costs,  perform  predictive  maintenance,  and  more.  improve  production,  reduce  costs,  and  increase  worker  safety  with  our  connected  refinery  solutions.  optimize  fleet  operations  and  reduce  service  costs.  get  realtime  visibility  for  road  conditions  and  preventative  maintenance  capabilities  for  connected  cars,  roadways,  and  transit  systems.  from  a  single  pane  of  glass,  view  and  manage  data  from  the  lighting,  parking,  traffic,  waste  management,  and  wifi  deployments  around  your  city.  the  kinetic  platform  includes  three  modules  that  work  together  to  help  you  securely  connect  devices,  and  then  extract,  compute,  and  move  your  iot  data.  provision  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance gateways  at  scale  with  a  highly  secure,  lowtouch  workflow.  view  and  control  your  gateways  from  a  cloudbased  dashboard.  compute  data  in  distributed  nodes.  make  critical  decisions  near  the  point  of  action,  and  make  the  most  efficient  use  of  network  resources.  move  the  right  data  from  diverse  connected  devices  to  the  right  cloudbased  applications,  at  the  right  time,  according  to  policy  set  by  the  data  owner.  connected  safety  and  security  css  brings  intelligent  video  analytics  to  iot.  our  endtoend  solution  delivers  video  surveillance,  access  control,  and  other  sensor  integration,  and  it  scales  to  meet  your  growing  business  needs.  csss  operational  intelligence
__label__situationalsurveillance adt  pulse  offers  just  about  everything  you  could  want  in  a  fullservice  home  security  system,  including  many  component  options,  support  for  popular  thirdparty  smart  home  devices,  and  a  soli...  the  vivint  smart  home  system  offers  24/7  security  monitoring  and  remote  control  of  your  door  locks,  cameras,  heating  system,  and  features  the  best  video  doorbell  solution  weve  tested.  if  you  want  to  secure  and  monitor  your  home  from  afar  without  spending  a  bundle  or  signing  a  longterm  contract,  theres  a  lot  to  like  about  the  redesigned,  versatile,  and  easytouse  diy  si...  the  ring  alarm  security  kit  is  a  diy  home  security
__label__situationalsurveillance system  that  is  easy  to  install  and  offers  affordable  professional  monitoring,  but  interoperability  with  ring  cameras  and  thirdparty  device...  as  long  as  youre  willing  to  commit  to  a  contract,  the  frontpoint  safe  home  elite  system  offers  a  nice  selection  of  security,  home  automation,  and  environmental  components  and  is  easy  to  ins...  honeywells  smart  home  security  starter  kit  is  a  diy  system  that  includes  amazon  alexa  service,  a  builtin  1080p  camera,  motion  detection,  face  recognition,  and  more.  theres  no  option  for  p...  the  wink  lookout  starter  kit  gives  you  everything  you  need  to  start  monitoring  your  home  using  your  smartphone.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance abode  iota  is  an  easytoinstall  allinone  security  system  loaded  with  features  including  a  1080p  camera,  a  motion  sensor,  multiple  wireless  radios,  a  builtin  siren,  and  support  for  ma...  the  nest  secure  alarm  starter  pack  is  a  stylish  diy  smart  home  security  solution  thats  easy  to  install  and  configure,  but  is  very  expensive,  and  lacks  integration  you  get  with  some  other  sy...  the  lifeshield  smart  home  security  kit  is  a  versatile  security  system  with  home  automation  capabilities  and  the  option  to  monitor  professionally  or  on  your  own.  adt  pulse  vivint  smart  home  simplisafe  home  security  system  ring  alarm  security  kit  frontpoint
__label__situationalsurveillance safe  home  honeywell  smart  home  security  starter  kit  wink  lookout  abode  iota  allinone  security  kit  nest  secure  lifeshield  smart  home  security  kit  list  price  199;  save  60  list  price  249.99;  save  83.75  list  price  199.99;  save  82.36  deals  are  selected  by  our  partner,  fast  and  knowledgeable  service  reps.  many  components  available.  support  for  thirdparty  devices.  solid  mobile  and  web  apps.  expensive.  requires  threeyear  contract  with  hefty  termination  penalty.  some  pulse  peripherals  require  thirdparty  mobile  apps.  adt  pulse  offers  just  about  everything  you  could  want  in  a  fullservice  home  security  system,  including  many  component  options,  support  for  popular  thirdparty  smart  home
__label__situationalsurveillance devices,  and  a  solid  app  experience.  speedy  event  response.  excellent  video  doorbell.  offers  remote  control  of  door  locks,  cameras,  thermostats,  and  sensors.  responsive  touch  screen.  no  lengthy  contract  required.  requires  a  monthly  subscription  for  remote  access.  cannot  customize  alarm  sounds.  the  vivint  smart  home  system  offers  24/7  security  monitoring  and  remote  control  of  your  door  locks,  cameras,  heating  system,  and  features  the  best  video  doorbell  solution  weve  tested.  affordable  hardware  with  reasonable  monthly  monitoring  fees.  no  contract  required.  quick,  easy  installation.  cellular  and  wifi  connectivity,  the  latter  of  which  is  optional.  underwhelming  camera.  if  you  want  to  secure  and  monitor
__label__situationalsurveillance your  home  from  afar  without  spending  a  bundle  or  signing  a  longterm  contract,  theres  a  lot  to  like  about  the  redesigned,  versatile,  and  easytouse  diy  simplisafe  home  security  system.  easy  to  install.  affordable  professional  monitoring  available.  supports  multiple  wireless  platforms.  loud  siren.  limited  integration  with  other  devices.  doesnt  support  ifttt.  bulky  contact  sensors.  the  ring  alarm  security  kit  is  a  diy  home  security  system  that  is  easy  to  install  and  offers  affordable  professional  monitoring,  but  interoperability  with  ring  cameras  and  thirdparty  devices  is  not  yet  supported.  easy  to  install.  lots  of  component  choices.  works  with  alexa  and  google  assistant  voice
__label__situationalsurveillance commands.  requires  a  one  or  threeyear  monitoring  plan.  doesnt  support  ifttt.  pricey  components.  as  long  as  youre  willing  to  commit  to  a  contract,  the  frontpoint  safe  home  elite  system  offers  a  nice  selection  of  security,  home  automation,  and  environmental  components  and  is  easy  to  install.  easy  to  install.  builtin  alexa  voice  service.  face  recognition.  supports  ifttt  applets.  free  and  paid  cloud  storage.  no  professional  monitoring  available.  face  recognition  is  limited.  honeywells  smart  home  security  starter  kit  is  a  diy  system  that  includes  amazon  alexa  service,  a  builtin  1080p  camera,  motion  detection,  face  recognition,  and  more.  theres  no  option  for  professional
__label__situationalsurveillance monitoring,  however.  easy  to  install.  works  with  numerous  thirdparty  devices.  supports  multiple  wireless  protocols.  no  professional  monitoring.  no  backup  battery.  cannot  trigger  camera  recordings.  the  wink  lookout  starter  kit  gives  you  everything  you  need  to  start  monitoring  your  home  using  your  smartphone.  easy  to  install.  sharp  1080p  camera.  works  with  numerous  thirdparty  devices.  alexa,  google  assistant,  and  ifttt  support.  local  storage.  free  cloud  storage.  ondemand  professional  monitoring  available.  some  components  can  be  pricey.  certain  settings  require  web  app.  the  abode  iota  is  an  easytoinstall  allinone  security  system  loaded  with  features  including  a  1080p  camera,  a  motion  sensor,  multiple  wireless  radios,
__label__situationalsurveillance a  builtin  siren,  and  support  for  many  thirdparty  devices  and  platforms.  stylish.  easy  to  install.  multipurpose  sensors.  works  with  nest  cameras  and  a  handful  of  thirdparty  devices.  expensive.  doesnt  support  ifttt  or  trigger  other  devices.  the  nest  secure  alarm  starter  pack  is  a  stylish  diy  smart  home  security  solution  thats  easy  to  install  and  configure,  but  is  very  expensive,  and  lacks  integration  you  get  with  some  other  systems.  easy  to  install.  professional  monitoring  available.  comes  with  tablet  controller.  works  with  alexa  voice  commands,  ifttt,  and  zwave  devices.  camera  image  quality  could  be  better.  some  components  are  expensive.  the  lifeshield  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance home  security  kit  is  a  versatile  security  system  with  home  automation  capabilities  and  the  option  to  monitor  professionally  or  on  your  own.  as  a  contributing  editor  for  pcmag,  john  delaney  has  been  testing  and  reviewing  monitors,  tvs,  pcs,  networking  and  smart  home  gear,  and  other  assorted  hardware  and  peripherals  for  almost  20  years.  a  13year  veteran  of  pc  magazines  labs  most  recently  as  director  of  operations,  john  was  responsible  for  the  recruitment,  training  and  management  of  t...  the  best  outdoor  home  security  cameras  for  2019  the  best  smart  thermostats  for  2019  the  best  video  doorbells  for  2019  the  best  wireless
__label__situationalsurveillance routers  for  2019  tplink  archer  ax6000  alex  colon  is  the  managing  editor  of  pcmags  consumer  electronics  team.  he  previously  covered  mobile  technology  for  pcmag  and  gigaom.though  he  does  the  majority  of  his  reading  and  writing  on  various  digital  displays,  alex  still  loves  to  sit  down  with  a  good,  oldfashioned,  paper  and  ink  book  in  his  free  time.  not  that  theres  anything  wrong  wit...  the  best  fitness  trackers  for  2019  the  best  robot  vacuums  for  2019  the  best  indoor  home  security  cameras  for  2019  the  best  ereaders  for  2019  the  best  smartwatches  for  2019  subscribe  to  this  newsletter  may  contain  advertising,
__label__situationalsurveillance deals,  or  affiliate  links.  subscribing  to  a  newsletter  indicates  your  consent  to  our  and  .  you  may  unsubscribe  from  the  newsletters  at  any  time.  19962019  pc  magazine  and  pc  pcmag.com  are  among  the  federally  registered  trademarks  of  ziff  davis,  llc  and  may  not  be  used  by  third  parties  without  explicit  permission.  we  strongly  encourage  you  to  read  our  updated  and  .
__label__situationalsurveillance the  new  home  security  iot  product,  which  has  seen  widespread  use  by  law  enforcement  agencies  across  the  country,  allows  police  to  view  home  surveillance  footage  to  assist  with  their  investigations.  another  amazon  product  has  triggered  privacy  concerns.  ring,  which  was  ,  is  a  smart  doorbell  that  has  been  billed  largely  as  a  home  security  device.  designed  to  capture  images  of  porch  thieves  or  other  neighborhood  criminals,  the  product  functions  like  an  internetconnected  security  camera,  the  video  from  which  can  be  livestreamed  and  watched  on  devices  connected  to  the  companys  app.  what  has  raised  eyebrows,  however,  is  the  companys  push  for
__label__situationalsurveillance partnerships  with  law  enforcement  agencies  across  the  country,  a  fact  that  some  feel  has  allowedpolice  to  in  hundreds  of  neighborhoods.  under  ring  partnerships,  police  are  provided  with  a  special  portal  that  allows  them  to  communicate  with  and  request  video  from  community  residents.  amazon  offers  these  partnerships  for  free,  in  exchange  for  the  signing  of  a  memo  of  understanding  that  has  also  caused  controversy.  critics  allege  these  memos  allow  amazon  the  unprecedented  ability  to  about  the  product,  leading  to  accusations  that  ring  is  using  local  police  as  a  de  facto  advertising  firm.  what  were  talking  about  is  a  private  company  trying
__label__situationalsurveillance to  disrupt  the  public  safety  infrastructure  of  this  country  in  the  same  way  that  companies  have  gone  into  other  parts  of  our  society,  said  dave  maass,  senior  investigative  researcher  with  the  electronic  frontier  foundation.  among  other  things,  maass  sees  the  product  as  problematic  for  both  consumer  privacy  and  cybersecurity.  information  is  being  collected  on  people  who  are  just  going  about  their  lives.  not  necessarily  doing  anything  nefarious,  yet  theyre  having  information  collected  on  them  anyway,  he  said.  by  deploying  tens  of  thousands  of  these  cameras  in  any  given  community,  youre  also  creating  a  very  wide  surface  area  for  attack  for
__label__situationalsurveillance hackers,  he  went  on.  weve  seen  over  the  years  that  iot  devices  specifically  web  cameras  and  cctv  cameras  have  proven  very  rich  targets  for  malicious  actors.  another  amazon  law  enforcement  tool,  known  as  rekognition,  has  also  run  into  controversy  with  privacy  groups.  the  facial  recognition  subscription  service,  which  is  used  by  law  enforcement  agencies  and  other  organizations,  has  come  under  fire  from  the  american  civil  liberties  union  for  and  for  its  potential  to  be  used  as  a  tracking  tool.  as  for  ring,  the  sheer  scale  of  the  companys  partnership  with  law  enforcement  was  revealed  in  a  recent  report  published  by
__label__situationalsurveillance motherboard  that  showed  that  .  however,  police  clearly  view  the  device  as  a  helpful  tool  that  can  augment  necessary  investigations.  two  law  enforcement  agencies  are  the  fresno  police  department  and  the  fresno  county  sheriffs  office.  staff  of  both  received  training  for  the  new  device  in  july,  and  the  ring  portal  was  recently  made  operational  for  both  offices,  saidtony  botti,  public  information  officer  for  the  sheriffs  office.  botti  said  that  while  the  partnership  is  new,  he  feels  it  will  have  a  positive  impact  on  law  enforcements  ability  to  investigate  crimes  in  the  community.  we  just  like  the  fact  that  ring  wants
__label__situationalsurveillance to  work  with  law  enforcement  and  the  citizens  and  bring  us  into  the  same  forum  to  try  to  keep  our  community  safe,  he  said.  it  lessens  the  work  we  have  to  do;  maybe  we  have  to  knock  on  a  few  less  doors  to  get  the  video.  botti  also  disagreed  with  the  claims  of  privacy  violations.  i  would  say  to  anybody  who  thinks  this  is  another  case  of  big  brother  watching  or  us  trying  to  invade  privacy,  go  to  step  one:  it  took  the  consumer  to  invest  in  the  product,  he  said.  they  chose  to  pay  for  a  service  that  enables
__label__situationalsurveillance it  to  be  viewed  by  either  us  or  ring.  the  consumer  knows  what  theyre  getting  into...if  youre  a  good  upstanding  person  who  is  doing  things  lawfully,  nobody  has  concerns.  typically,  there  is  a  willingness  on  the  part  of  the  community  to  help  with  investigations,  botti  added.  however,  he  noted,  there  is  a  workaround  if  a  resident  happens  to  reject  a  police  request.  if  the  community  member  doesnt  want  to  supply  a  ring  video  that  seems  vital  to  a  local  law  enforcement  investigation,  police  can  contact  amazon,  which  will  then  essentially  subpoena  the  video.  if  we  ask  within  60  days  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  recording  and  as  long  as  its  been  uploaded  to  the  cloud,  then  ring  can  take  it  out  of  the  cloud  and  send  it  to  us  legally  so  that  we  can  use  it  as  part  of  our  investigation,  he  said.  typically,  this  shouldnt  be  necessary  though,  botti  said.  according  to  what  police  have  been  told  by  amazon,  most  people  play  ball  because  they  want  their  community  to  be  a  safer  place,  he  said.  editors  note:  after  this  article  was  published,  a  spokesperson  for  ring  clarified  that  video  evidence  is  only  turned  over  to  the  authorities  after  being  served  with  a
__label__situationalsurveillance valid  and  binding  legal  demand.  lucas  ropek  is  a  staff  writer  for  government  technology.  he  has  worked  as  a  newspaper  reporter  and  writer  in  massachusetts  and  new  york.  he  received  his  bachelors  degree  in  english  from  kenyon  college  in  ohio.  he  lives  in  northern  california.  security  teams  are  under  constant  pressure  to  defend  against  cyberattacks,  turning  every  it  environment  into  a  battlefield.  whats  the  best  way  to  fight  back?  discover  three  steps  to  help  you  create  a  winning  strategy.  3  smart  city  development  phases  workforce  preparation  efforts  and  strategies  will  only  be  successful  if  special  attention  is  paid  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  technology  pundits  are  often  given  to  hyperbole,  but  when  they  claim  that  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  changing  everything  ,  they  may  have  a  point.  at  least,  the  iot  is  being  used  in  just  about  everything  you  can  think  of,  from  deeply  geeky  applications  such  as  industrial  sensors  to  frivolous  gimmicks  like  wifi  enabled  toothbrushes.  dont  believe  me?  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  many,  many
__label__situationalsurveillance different  iot  use  cases  that  people  are  actually  usingor  at  least  testing.  iot  is  the  key  concept  powering  wearables  from  fitness  trackers  to  smartwatches,  but  keeping  weekend  warriors  fit  is  only  the  beginning.  to  push  their  performance  parameters.  at  the  other  end  of  the  spectrum,  iot  can  .  monitoring  blood  pressure  and  heart  rate,  for  example,  and  even  automatically  alerting  emergency  personnel  when  they  detect  problematic  readingsor  to  send  help  when  an  elderly  person  has  fallen  and  cant  get  up.  down  the  road,  smart  pills  promise  to  share  diagnostic  information  from  inside  the  body.  connected  cars  are  using  iot  to
__label__situationalsurveillance connect  everything  from  engine  diagnostics  to  gps  data  and  infotainment  systems.  inexpensive,  lowpower  iot  devices  track  location  information  for  all  kinds  of  items,  in  warehouses,  shipping  depots  and  in  transit,  not  to  mention  monitoring  temperature,  vibration  and  container  openings  for  quality  control  and  insurance  purposesespecially  of  valuable  or  dangerous  items,  such  as  drugs  or  jewelry  but  not  firearms,  at  least  in  the  united  states.  the  technology  is  even  being  used  to  detect  storage  incompatibilities,  delivering  alerts  when  flammable  goods  are  stored  near  explosive  materials.  connected  devices  include  tvs,  refrigerators,  lights,  thermostats,  smoke  detectors  and  other  sensors,  security  systems  and  much
__label__situationalsurveillance more.  hotels  have  long  pioneered  using  iot  for  room  keys,  and  .  farmers  are  using  iot  to  track  equipment  location  and  performance,  and  increasingly  .  iot  sensors  are  also  determining  soil  moisture  levels  to  control  irrigation  systems  and  minimize  water  consumption.  vintners  even  use  iot  to  track  trunk  diameter  in  vineyards  to  better  understand  grapevine  health  and  sugar  levels  in  grapes.  its  even  showing  up  to  track  air  quality  and  toxic  gas  levels  in  barns  and  hen  houses  as  well  as  humidity  and  temperature  in  compost  operations  to  minimize  fungus  and  other  contaminants.  iot  is  being  used  in  golf  courses
__label__situationalsurveillance and  ball  fields  to  control  selective  irrigation.  far  beyond  home  security  cameras,  iot  is  also  detecting  activity  in  restricted  areas.  nobody  wants  a  flooded  data  center,  and  iot  is  being  used  to  check  for  liquid  detection  in  technology  facilities,  warehouses  and  other  highvalue  areas.  beyond  that,  iot  is  also  being  used  in  the  power  and  mining  industries  to  monitor  radiation  levels  and  poisonous  or  explosive  gases.  want  to  make  sure  there  are  ?  iot  is  there  to  help.  instead  of  basing  premiums  on  group  risk  factors,  such  as  age  or  driving  experience,  based  on  mileage  and  actual  driving  habits.  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance is  a  key  factor  in  smart  lighting  grids  and  more  efficient  transportation  and  parking  systems,  including  smart  traffic  lights  that  adapt  to  traffic  conditions  in  real  time.  they  can  even  be  configured  to  allow  emergency  responders  and  medical  teams  to  synchronize  with  traffic  lights  to  speed  access  to  critical  locationor  to  change  the  lights  so  cars  dont  have  to  wait  when  theres  no  other  traffic.  utility  companies,  meanwhile,  are  moving  past  smart  meters  to  leverage  iot  to  enable  ondemand  trash  pickup.  iot  is  especially  useful  for  figuring  out  when  maintenance  is  needed  for  all  kinds  of  highvalue  equipment,  from  servers
__label__situationalsurveillance to  power  plants  to  giant  construction  equipment  to  aircraft  and  military  hardware.  the  connection  between  ai  and  iot  may  not  be  immediately  obvious,  but  .  on  the  one  hand,  iot  sensors  let  ai  systems  experience  their  environment  directly.  on  the  other  hand,  ai  and  machine  learning  make  it  possible  to  glean  actionable  insights  from  the  vast  arrays  iot  devices  spewing  out  more  data  than  humans  can  easily  make  sense  of.  the  uses  for  iot  are  practically  limitless,  and  new  applications  are  being  developed  all  the  time.  along  with  the  incredible  opportunity,  of  course,  come  challenges  in  optimizing  a  technology  that
__label__situationalsurveillance reaches  deeply  into  so  many  aspects  of  our  businessesand  our  lives.  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__situationalsurveillance according  to  a  recent  release,  and  as  discussed  on  a  recent  ,  mobile  operators,  enterprises,  cities  and  other  key  internet  of  things  iot  market  players  can  now  gain  access  to  many  new  iot  use  cases  by  combining  two  unlicensed  connectivity  technologies:  lorawan  and  wifi.  this  is  illustrated  in  a  new  white  paper  by  the  wba  and  the  .  developed  with  input  from  mobile  carriers,  telecom  equipment  manufacturers  and  advocates  of  both  connectivity  technologies,  is  written  to  illustrate  new  business  opportunities  that  are  created  when  wifi  networks  that  are  traditionally  built  to  support  critical  iot  are  merged  with  lorawan  networks  that
__label__situationalsurveillance are  traditionally  built  to  support  low  data  rate  massive  iot  applications.  massive  iot  applications  are  less  latency  sensitive  and  have  relatively  low  throughput  requirements,  but  they  require  a  huge  volume  of  lowcost,  lowenergy  consumption  devices  on  a  network  with  excellent  coverage,  which  can  be  achieved  with  wifi  networks.  the  white  paper  addresses  the  growing  popularity  of  iot  use  cases  in  domains  that  rely  on  connectivity  spanning  large  areas  that  are  able  to  handle  a  huge  number  of  connections,  ultimately  driving  the  demand  for  massive  iot  technologies.  according  to  the  paper,  wifi  connectivity  covers  short  and  mediumrange  use  cases  at  high
__label__situationalsurveillance data  rates  and  may  require  more  power,  making  it  the  preferable  technology  for  peoplecentric  mainspowered  applications  like  realtime  video  and  internet  browsing.  meanwhile,  lorawan  covers  longrange  use  cases  at  low  data  rates,  making  it  the  preferable  technology  for  low  bandwidth  applications,  including  in  hard  to  reach  locations,  such  as  temperature  sensors  in  a  manufacturing  setting  or  vibration  sensors  in  concrete.  when  used  together,  according  to  the  report,  wifi  and  lorawan  networks  optimize  a  number  of  iot  use  cases,  including:  both  technologies  have  been  deployed  for  decades  throughout  buildings,  with  wifi  used  for  things  like  security  cameras  and  highspeed  internet,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance lorawan  used  for  smoke  detection,  asset  and  vehicle  tracking,  room  usage  and  more.  the  paper  identifies  two  scenarios  for  convergence  of  wifi  and  lorawan,  including  accurate  asset  tracking  and  location  services  for  indoor  or  near  buildings,  as  well  as  ondemand  streaming  for  devices  with  battery  limitations.  :  wifi  is  used  to  connect  billions  of  personal  and  professional  devices  in  homes,  while  lorawan  is  used  for  home  security  and  access  control,  leak  detection,  and  fuel  tank  monitoring,  and  many  other  applications.  the  paper  recommends  deploying  lorawan  picocells  that  leverage  wifi  backhaul  to  the  user  set  top  box  to  expand  coverage  of
__label__situationalsurveillance home  services  to  the  neighborhood.  these  neighborhood  iot  networks  can  support  new  geolocation  services,  while  also  serving  as  a  communication  backbone  for  demandresponse  services.  currently,  wifi  is  used  for  passenger  entertainment  and  access  control,  while  lorawan  is  used  for  fleet  tracking  and  vehicle  maintenance.  hybrid  use  cases  identified  in  the  paper  include  location  and  video  streaming.  the  paper  also  outlines  a  number  of  deployment  models  and  details  frontend  and  backend  integration  and  security  processes.  additionally,  it  provides  several  testimonials  from  organizations  regarding  the  power  of  their  wifi  /  lorawan  deployments.  wifi  and  lorawan  are  two  important  technologies  utilizing  the  unlicensed
__label__situationalsurveillance spectrum,  and  they  already  address  a  large  proportion  of  iot  use  cases,  said  tiago  rodrigues,  general  manager,  wba.  the  deployment  synergies  paper  highlights  the  ways  in  which  these  technologies  are  impacting  privatepublic  business  models  and  enabling  iot  services,  while  also  identifying  ways  in  which  the  technologies  complement  one  another  and  can  be  used  to  further  expand  the  internet  of  things.  cowritten  by  members  of  the  wba  iot  work  group  and  the  lora  alliance,  input  for  the  paper  was  provided  by  a  number  of  companies  and  organizations,  including:  bt,  boingo,  bsg  wireless,  charter  communications,  connexin,  elevenx,  ertelecom,  orange,  tata  communications,  unity
__label__situationalsurveillance media,  objenious,  semtech,  syniverse,  abeeway,  actility,  bsg,  kerlink,  maxima  telecom,  microshare,  orbiwise,  senet,  siradel,  skyhook  multitech,  the  centre  for  development  of  telematics  and  digital  catapult.  the  reality  is  that  no  one  single  technology  is  going  to  fit  the  billions  of  iot  use  cases,  said  donna  moore,  ceo  and  chairwoman  of  the  lora  alliance.  it  is  collaborative  initiatives  like  this  one  with  wifi  that  will  drive  innovation  to  solve  important  issues,  leverage  an  even  broader  range  of  applications  and,  ultimately,  ensure  the  success  of  global  mass  iot  deployments  in  the  future.  ken  briodagh  is  a  storyteller,  writer  and  editor  with  about
__label__situationalsurveillance two  decades  of  experience  under  his  belt.  he  is  in  love  with  technology  and  if  he  had  his  druthers  would  beta  test  everything  from  shoe  phones  to  flying  cars.  zzzatitlezzzbeg  editorial  director  zzzatitlezzzend  in  a  recent  release,  orange  business  services  announced  it  was  selected  by  mars,  incorporated  to  build  an  intelligent  automated  network  ian.  scott  jenson,  product  strategy  at  google  will  share  his  insight  on  the  internet  of  things  industry  at  the  florida  event  in  february.  cyril  perducat,  evp  of  iot  and  digital  offers  at  schneider  electric  will  share  his  insight  on  transforming  industry  with  digital  services:  a  collabora  georgia
__label__situationalsurveillance tech  cdait  releases  new  white  paper  that  offers  some  pathways  for  business  leaders  as  they  explore  digital  transformation  and  the  internet  of  for  too  long,  we  have  drawn  an  artificial  line  between  content  and  data,  as  well  as  between  unstructured  and  structured  information.  sing  up  to  receive  our  updates  and  other  iot  evolution  news  2019  all  rights  reserved
__label__situationalsurveillance nearly  every  customer  we  talk  to  is  interested  in  the  potential  benefits  of  .  solutions  that  take  advantage  of  the  internet  of  things  and  advanced  data  analytics  offer  unprecedented  opportunities  for  organizations  in  just  about  every  industry.  among  the  most  fascinating  aspects  of  digital  transformation  are  the  capabilities  that  can  be  achieved  when  we  combine  technologies.  integrating  solutions  that  may  seem  unrelated  can  produce  new  and  unexpected  results  that  leap  an  organization  forward.  one  of  the  most  exciting  examples  of  this  is  enhanced  video  surveillance.  many  companies  have  deployed  video  surveillance  systems  to  keep  an  eye  on  security  conditions  at
__label__situationalsurveillance offices,  factories  and  all  sorts  of  other  facilities.  but  adding  data  analytics  and  other  tools  to  a  video  surveillance  system  creates  enhanced  video  surveillance  and  opens  a  wide  world  of  possibilities.  the  ways  that  organizations  can  use  iot  are  limited  only  by  the  imaginations  of  those  working  on  a  project.  earlier  this  year,  cdw  published  a  white  paper  that  spells  out  some  of  the  most  common  and  valuable  .  these  include  traditional  physical  security  applications,  worker  safety  and  operational  management.  the  benefits  of  these  deployments  in  a  manufacturing  environment  are  significant,  but  its  not  difficult  to  .  manufacturing  firms  might
__label__situationalsurveillance deploy  automated  analytical  technology  of  enhanced  video  systems  to:  one  of  the  most  interesting  aspects  of  enhanced  video  surveillance  is  that  organizations  can  use  these  systems  to  engage  in  multiple  use  cases  while  making  only  a  single  investment  in  the  necessary  infrastructure.  the  tools  that  improve  physical  security  the  cameras  and  analytics  software  can  also  monitor  worker  safety  and  measure  operational  efficiency.  by  implementing  multiple  applications,  organizations  can  improve  the  costeffectiveness  of  their  capital  expenditures  and  increase  their  roi.  the  brain  of  an  enhanced  video  surveillance  solution  can  be  found  in  the  video  management  system.  the  video  cameras  serve  as
__label__situationalsurveillance the  main  sensors  of  the  system  its  eyes  and  ears  but  the  management  software  provides  a  central  point  of  orchestration,  management  and  analysis.  among  the  capabilities  a  video  management  system  can  offer:  organizations  looking  to  deploy  an  enhanced  video  surveillance  solution  should  carefully  consider  their  choice  of  a  video  management  system.  this  decision  will  affect  not  only  the  immediate  capabilities  of  the  system  but  also  its  future  functionality.  this  blog  post  brought  to  you  by:  interesting  post  ,  thanks  for  sharing.  interesting  post,  thanks  for  sharing.  required  fields  are  marked  you  may  use  these  tags  and  attributes:  this  site  uses
__label__situationalsurveillance there  will  be  41.6  billion  connected  iot  devices  generating  79.4  zettabytes  zb  of  data  by  2025.  so  says  international  data  corporation  idc,  which  calculates  at  the  same  time  the  amount  of  data  created  by  these  iot  devices  will  grow  at  a  compund  rate  of  28.7  per  year  in  the  forecat  period.  idc  said  most  data  will  be  generated  in  the  longerterm  by  video  surveillance  applications,  particularly  in  security  applications,  as  concerns  about  public  safety  grow,  camera  costs  fall,  and  bandwidth  expands,  including  with  deployment  of  5g  networks.  drones,  still  in  their  infancy,  will  access  remote  and  hardtoreach  locations,  and  drive
__label__situationalsurveillance data  traffic  from  cameras.  but  during  the  forecast  period,  industrial  and  automotive  equipment  will  remain  the  largest  opportunity  in  the  iot  space,  with  60  per  cent  growth  expected  through  2025,  the  sharpest  growth  incline  from  any  category.  idc  also  expects  strong  adoption  from  smart  home  and  wearable  gadgetry.  the  company  has  sought  to  categorise  data  types.  some  is  small  and  bursty,  it  noted,  often  carrying  a  single  metric  of  a  machines  health,  while  video  surveillance  generates  large  amounts  of  data.  but  where  analytics  is  magnifying  data  creation  beyond  just  its  capture,  data  per  device  is  growing  at  a  faster  pace
__label__situationalsurveillance than  data  per  video  surveillance  camera,  said  idc.  meanwhile,  iot  metadata,  containing  data  about  other  iot  data  files,  is  growing.  while  not  having  a  direct  operational  or  informational  function  in  a  specific  data  category,  like  industrial  or  video  surveillance,  metadata  provides  the  information  about  the  data  files  captured  or  created  by  the  iot  device,  said  idc.  metadata  is  valuable  data  that  can  be  leveraged  to  inform  intelligent  systems,  drive  personalisation,  or  bring  context  to  seemingly  random  scenarios  or  data  sets.metadata  is  a  prime  candidate  to  be  fed  into  nosql  databases  like  mongodb  to  bring  structure  to  unstructured  content  or  fed
__label__situationalsurveillance into  cognitive  systems  to  bring  new  levels  of  understanding,  intelligence,  and  order  to  outwardly  random  environments.  idc  describes  a  digital  twin  of  the  planet,  emerging  as  connected  sensors  are  integrated  into  all  manner  of  consumer  and  enterprise  machinery.  the  company  has  even  created  a  global  datasphere  department  to  address  this  phenomenon.  the  division  sizes  and  forecasts  data  creation,  capture,  and  replication  across  70  categories  of  contentcreating  things,  it  says.  david  reinsel,  senior  vice  president  of  the  unit,  said:  mankind  is  on  a  quest  to  digitise  the  world  and  a  growing  global  datasphere  is  the  result.  the  world  around  us  is
__label__situationalsurveillance becoming  more  sensorised,  bringing  new  levels  of  intelligence  and  order  to  seemingly  random  environments.  iot  devices  are  an  integral  part  of  this  process.  however,  with  every  new  connection  comes  a  responsibility  to  navigate  and  manage  new  security  vulnerabilities  and  privacy  concerns.  companies  must  address  these  data  hazards  as  they  advance  new  levels  of  efficiency  and  customer  experience.  carrie  macgillivray,  group  vice  president  for  mobility  at  idc,  added:  data  becomes  the  common  denominator  as  it  is  captured,  processed,  and  used  from  the  nearest  and  farthest  edges  of  the  network  to  create  value  for  industries,  governments,  and  individuals  lives.understanding  the  amount  of
__label__situationalsurveillance data  created  from  the  myriad  of  connected  devices  allows  organisations  and  vendors  to  build  solutions  that  can  scale  in  this  accelerating  datadriven  iot  market.  understanding  the  amount  of  data  created  from  the  myriad  of  connected  devices  allows  organisations  and  vendors  to  build  solutions  that  can  scale  in  this  accelerating  datadriven  iot  market.  related  related  james  blackman  has  been  writing  about  the  technology  and  telecoms  sectors  for  over  a  decade.  he  has  edited  and  contributed  to  a  number  of  european  news  outlets  and  trade  titles.  he  has  also  worked  at  telecoms  company  huawei,  leading  media  activity  for  its  devices  business  in
__label__situationalsurveillance thinkstock  every  nascent  industry  needs  a  killer  app.  but  in  the  internet  of  things  realm,  it  can  be  hard  toidentify  the  most  promising  use  cases.  for  one  thing,  the  field  is  gargantuan,  including  everything  from  drones  to  connected  jet  engines.  in  addition,  some  of  the  most  powerful  iot  use  cases  recede  into  the  background  where  they  quietly  work  to  boost  uptime,  performance  and  overall  manageability.  weve  rounded  up  11  promising  iot  use  cases  that  are  quietly  shifting  everything  from  wine  cultivation  to  how  utilities  manage  the  power  grid.  a  handful  of  companies  are  using  connected  technology  to  keep  track  of
__label__situationalsurveillance pest  populations.  there  is,  for  instance,  semios,  which  uses  sensors  and  machine  vision  technology  to  track  pest  populations  in  orchards,  vineyards,  and  other  agricultural  settings.  and  then  there  is  iot  box  systems,  a  company  that  makes  connected  bait  stations,  traps,  and  cages  that  inform  the  user  when  they  have  caught  an  animal.  general  electric  has  been  touting  the  benefits  of  creating  an  electricity  value  network,  in  which  digitization  creates  allows  for  visualization  across  the  entire  electricity  system.  a  is  bord  gis  energys  whitegate  power  plant,  a  445mw  gas  combinedcycle  plant  25  miles  east  of  cork,  ireland.  there  are  141  sensors
__label__situationalsurveillance across  the  plant  that  provide  roundtheclock  monitoring  and  diagnostics  of  existing  hardware.  whitehouse  engineers  receive  operational  recommendations  through  the  software  and  data  analytics,  and  also  get  a  single,  consolidated  picture  of  whitehouses  performance.  the  system  provides  more  early  warnings,  and  improved  efficiency  when  it  came  to  using  natural  gas.  additional  advanced  controls  from  ge  have  also  enabled  improved  performance  for  the  fleet  of  ge  turbines  at  the  whitehouse.  the  result  has  been  a  2.28  million  about  2.43  million  positive  financial  impact  at  the  plant.  bombardier  last  year  showed  off  its  new  cseries  jetliner,  which  boasted  pratt  whitneys  geared  turbo  fan
__label__situationalsurveillance gtf  engine  and  its  5,000  sensors  producing  as  much  as  10  gb  of  data  each  second,  .  why  would  a  jet  engine  need  so  many  sensors,  especially  since  many  modern  engines  have  fewer  than  250  sensors?  aviation  week  reports  that  the  pratt  whitney  engine  offers  artificial  intelligence  capabilities  to  predict  future  engine  demands  and  adjust  the  engine  accordingly.  the  gtf  engines  consume  as  much  as  15  less  fuel  than  average  jet  engines,  and  also  have  reduced  emissions  and  noise.  however,  in  an  industry  still  struggling  with  integration  across  legacy  systems,  chief  information  officers  face  challenges  in  getting  the  underlying  architecture
__label__situationalsurveillance right  as  well  as  addressing  security  issues.  winemakers  in  the  mosel  valley  in  southwest  germany  are  using  an  internet  of  things  system  called  tracovino,  developed  by  myomega,  ,  which  provided  the  device  connection  platform  used  in  the  telenor  connexion  infrastructure  supporting  tracovino.  in  this  iot  use  case,  sensors  across  the  vineyard  upload  data  on  such  metrics  as  soil  humidity,  air  humidity,  sunshine,  and  intensity  of  sunshine,  temperature  and  rainfall  to  the  cloud.  at  the  700yearold  reinhold  haart  estate  in  piesport,  germany,  tracovino  enables  the  vineyard  workers  to  do  the  right  work  at  the  right  time,  and  avoid  bad  decisions  during
__label__situationalsurveillance harvest  that  could  affect  the  quality  of  reinhold  haarts  riesling,  winemaker  and  part  owner  johannes  haart  told  ericsson.  tracovino  has  also  enabled  reinhold  haart  to  improve  sustainability  by  better  limiting  the  use  of  pesticides.  another  winery,  salt  creek  vineyard  in  massachusetts  tends  to  over  12,000  vines  in  three  fields  and  has  built  up  strong  wholesale  and  retail  business  lines.  to  help  overcome  challenges  related  to  groundwater  and  microclimate  management,  salt  creek  has  deployed  iot  sensors,  dell  gateways  and  solar  panels  to  help  increase  growth  and  profit  while  lowering  water  and  energy  consumption.  additionally,  salt  creek  uses  iot  technology  to  monitor
__label__situationalsurveillance ph  levels  in  soil  and  water,  both  of  which  are  critical  to  optimal  vineyard  performance  and  good  tasting  wine.  iot  technology  could  help  beekeepers  better  combat  ,  in  which  honeybee  stocks  have  died  off  at  rapid  rates.  andreas  nickel,  a  germanybased  sap  development  project  manager  and  recreational  beekeeper,  built  a  beehive  scale  that  sends  an  alert  to  his  cellphone  or  computer  when  a  major  change  in  hive  weight  takes  place,  according  to  an  .  the  alert  helps  nickel  know  if,  say,  a  hive  has  tipped  over,  food  has  run  low,  or  the  bees  are  having  trouble  gathering  pollen  from  the
__label__situationalsurveillance surrounding  area.  researchers  are  interested  in  connected  sensor  systems  that  track  everything  from  hive  temperature  and  humidity  to  the  effects  of  noise  and  light.  barcelona,  spain,  alone  is  expected  to  save  4  billion  over  the  next  10  years  because  it  is  using  the  connectivity  to  make  its  trash  collection  more  efficient,  .  barcelona  is  among  a  number  of  cities  in  spain,  mexico,  israel  and  elsewhere  adopting  ,  a  wireless  autonomous  sensor  that  uses  ultrasound  to  tell  how  full  a  trash  bin  is.  the  information  is  transmitted  to  a  urbiotica  software  platform  that  links  up  with  systems  meant  to  optimize  trash
__label__situationalsurveillance collection  routes.  the  sensor  is  helpful  in  cases  where  waste  is  being  produced  at  rates  that  are  slower  or  more  variable.  optimizing  routes  also  means  less  traffic  and  truck  emissions.  other  companies,  such  as  irelandbased  ,  are  also  active  in  the  trash  bin  sensors  market.  the  port  of  new  bedford,  in  massachusetts,  is  the  no.  1  one  fishing  port  in  america  for  the  12th  straight  year  in  a  row,  known  for  highmargin  scallop  shipping  operations.  when  faced  with  the  challenge  to  limit  illegal  fishing  practices,  the  port  installed  dell  edge  gateways,  with  v5  systems  solar  video  surveillance  technologies  to  better
__label__situationalsurveillance track  who  was  coming  in  and  out  of  the  port.  both  the  south  terminal  and  palmers  island  lighthouse  are  using  these  technologies  to  monitor  fishing  practices  and  to  better  understand  the  health  of  the  underwater  environment.  in  austin,  texas;  los  angeles;  arizona;  ,  wisconsin;  and  elsewhere  have  been  trying  out  a  system  called  that  eliminates  the  need  for  police  to  engage  in  dangerous  highspeed  chases  of  suspects.  an  air  compressor  launcher  on  the  front  of  the  patrol  car  fires  a  sticky  gps  locator  with  a  transmitter.  police  can  then  remotely  track  the  vehicle  versus  chasing  it,  apprehending  the  suspect  when
__label__situationalsurveillance thevehicle  stops.  the  amazon  basin  conservation  associations  los  amigos  conservancy  concession  has  started  using  small  remotely  controlled  planes  to  monitor  550  square  miles  of  peruvian  amazon  for  illegal  logging  and  mining,  .  the  drones  will  allow  the  handful  of  rangers  to  quickly  investigate  reports  of  deforestation,  a  major  improvement  over  having  to  travel  into  remote  parts  of  the  jungle  over  unpaved  roads.  exara  has  taken  an  innovative  approach  to  fieldbased  intelligence  for  companies  in  the  oil  and  gas  industries.  exara  is  helping  industrial  companies  gather,  analyze,  store  and  relay  data  from  oil  field  equipment  resulting  in  cost  savings,  reduced  maintenance
__label__situationalsurveillance costs,  lengthened  machinery  lifespan  and  more  efficient  performance  for  workloads  in  demanding  environments.  customers  have  reported  that  theyve  cut  power  use  by  43  percent  and  achieved  60,000  in  annual  savings  per  site.  humans  are  the  cause  of  the  vast  majority  of  car  accidents.  a  significant  proportion  of  accidents  are  the  results  of  distracted  driving.  u.s.  regulators  want  to  cut  smartphonerelated  traffic  injuries  by  encouraging  tech  companies  to  restrict  access  to  apps  when  a  driver  uses  them.  but  companies  like  zendrive  have  developed  technologythat  uses  sensors  built  into  smartphones  to  gauge  driver  behavior.  once  sufficient  data  is  collected,  the  app  can
__label__situationalsurveillance offer  coaching  to  make  drivers  safer.  the  company  is  targeting  both  insurance  companies  and  fleet  managers.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.
__label__situationalsurveillance you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance objectbox  empowers  edge  computing.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  connecting  our  world  in  new  and  amazing  ways.  using  the  data  generated  by  iot  devices,  we  can  make  a  smarter,  safer,  and  more  efficient  world.  however,  iot  devices  generate  millions  of  data  points  and  it  no  longer  makes  sense  to  stream  all  of  this  data  to  the  cloud  to  be  stored,  analyzed  and  processed.  more  intelligent  computing  must  happen  at  the  edge  of  the  network,  at  or  near  the  source  of  the  data  this  is  called  edge  computing.  with  the  power  of  edge  computing,  companies  can  develop  products  that  are
__label__situationalsurveillance independent  from  the  cloud,  ensure  better  data  safety,  and  respond  in  real  time.  here  we  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  iot  use  cases  that  make  use  of  edge  computing.  objectbox  empowers  edge  computing  with  a  data  storage  and  synchronization  solution.  its  uniquely  designed  to  manage  data  from  sensor  to  server,  so  your  data  is  accurate  and  up  to  date  accross  all  hardware.  objectbox  is  a  horizontal  solution,  read  more  about  the  iot  use  cases  across  industries.  when  layering,  small  changes  in  the  environment  need  to  be  incorporated  quickly  and  efficiently  to  ensure  quality.  faster  and  more  precise  manufacturing
__label__situationalsurveillance depends  on  constant  adaptation.  the  limiting  factor  currently  is  the  i/o  throughput.  objectbox  speed  enables  higher  i/o  throughput.  quality  issues  are  costly  for  producers;  both  in  time  and  raw  material.  the  faster  issues  can  be  caught,  and  action  can  be  taken,  the  better.  objectbox  empowers  video  quality  control  in  real  time  on  the  edge,  allowing  for  autonomous  action  at  the  machine  level.  catching  machine  failures  before  they  occur  are  a  huge  cost  saving.  processing  and  monitoring  raw  data  locally  at  the  source,  e.g.  analyzing  audio  data  for  anomalies,  allows  operators  to  catch  and  react  to  maintenance  issues  in  real  time
__label__situationalsurveillance while  keeping  cloud  costs  low.  objectbox  enables  operators  to  process  more  data  faster  using  existing  hardware.  when  layering,  small  changes  in  the  environment  need  to  be  incorporated  quickly  and  efficiently  to  ensure  quality.  faster  and  more  precise  manufacturing  depends  on  constant  adaptation.  the  limiting  factor  currently  is  the  i/o  throughput.  objectbox  speed  enables  higher  i/o  throughput.  in  open  road  tolling  ort,  the  business  model  depends  on  the  fast  and  reliable  identification  of  cars  passing  through  as  well  as  the  reliable  and  fast  synchronization  of  this  information  to  backend  systems.  objectbox  fast  and  reliable  data  storage  and  synchronization  helps  to  quickly
__label__situationalsurveillance identify  car  owners  on  site  in  real  time.  being  able  to  monitor  and  control  energy  load  management  on  a  local  level  allows  car  charging  providers  to  optimize  their  energy  usage.  objectbox  enables  this  complex  computing  and  synchronization  on  the  edge.  let  us  make  your  iot  project  a  success.  fill  out  the  form  below  and  we  will  get  in  touch  soon.  by  submitting  this  form,  i  am  agreeing  to  .
__label__situationalsurveillance another  trend,  however,  perhaps  hasnt  gathered  as  much  attention  as  it  deserves:  lowcost  video  capture  and  recording.  falling  storage  costs  and  better  compression  algorithms  let  organizations  capture  and  retain  a  remarkable  amount  of  video,  and  the  cost  of  camera  components  have  fallen  dramatically.  artificial  intelligence  tools  are  now  widely  used  to  analyze  video  without  requiring  timeintensive  human  interaction,  and  modern  tools  are  making  video  analytics  invaluable  in  a  number  of  fields.  here  are  six  of  the  top  video  analytics  use  cases.  theft  remains  common,  and  no  locations  are  safe.  stores  need  to  invest  heavily  to  prevent  theft,  and  employee  theft
__label__situationalsurveillance remains  high  in  offices.  furthermore,  theft  of  digital  resources  is  a  significant  concern,  and  physical  data  breaches  will  always  pose  significant  risk.  while  a  few  carefully  placed  cameras  can  detect  nearly  all  forms  of  theft,  the  cost  of  actively  monitoring  cameras  is  high.  in  addition,  humans  watching  video  can  be  deceived  easily,  and  anyone  whos  seen  a  magic  show  will  attest.  with  video  analytics,  algorithms  derived  from  modern  artificial  intelligence  systems  can  detect  theft  and  alert  security  personnel  or  law  enforcement  agents.  the  ubiquity  of  cameras,  when  matched  with  theft  detection  systems,  will  serve  as  a  powerful  theft  deterrent.  people
__label__situationalsurveillance often  steal  when  theyre  confident  they  wont  be  caught.  contemporary  and  upcoming  theft  detection  systems  will  lead  to  fewer  individuals  being  willing  to  risk  being  caught.  the  benefits  of  theft  prevention  are  clear  in  retail.  however,  video  analytics  can  go  much  further.  the  role  of  psychology  has  long  been  critical  to  successful  retail  stores;  knowing  where  and  how  to  display  items  for  sale  can  be  the  difference  between  profits  and  losses.  video  analytics  can  provide  robust  feedback  for  those  running  stores,  and  stores  can  test  various  layouts  to  uncover  those  that  are  more  successful.  when  paired  with  machine  learning  and
__label__situationalsurveillance other  algorithms,  retail  organizations  can  uncover  previously  unexplored  ways  to  raise  customer  engagement  and  generate  better  sales  figures.  the  science  behind  retail  stores  is  far  more  mature  than  many  people  realize,  and  the  field  of  video  analytics  is  poised  to  offer  a  host  of  new  information.  although  the  world  we  inhabit  is  increasingly  going  digital,  physical  items  will  always  be  essential.  for  manufacturing  and  industry,  video  analytics  offers  a  compelling  suite  of  new  tools.  warehouse  management  requires  a  considerable  amount  of  human  labor,  as  inventory  management  is  at  the  center  of  successful  operations.  armed  with  video  analytics,  warehouse  managers  can
__label__situationalsurveillance rely  on  automated  tracking.  furthermore,  analytics  tools  can  find  ways  to  allow  warehouses  to  operate  more  efficiently,  providing  a  competitive  advantage  to  those  who  can  make  the  most  of  the  technology.  video  monitoring  is  increasingly  being  used  to  detect  product  faults  and  find  out  where  the  manufacturing  process  can  be  further  optimized.  predictive  maintenance  is  seeing  widespread  use,  and  video  analytics  can  offer  data  no  other  tool  can  replicate.  video  is  a  powerful  tool  that  can  aid  public  safety,  although  the  technology  is  not  without  its  own  set  of  controversies.  thanks  to  facial  recognition  tools,  law  enforcement  agents  can  detect
__label__situationalsurveillance when  certain  individuals  are  present  in  an  area  and  can  monitor  or  respond  appropriately.  its  growing  more  difficult  to  be  a  fugitive  in  an  era  when  facial  recognition  tools  have  grown  so  powerful,  and  law  enforcement  agencies  are  expected  to  rely  on  the  technology  more  and  more  in  the  coming  years.  those  monitoring  for  terrorism  can  note  if  individuals  on  watch  lists  congregate,  potentially  foiling  plans  that  would  have  otherwise  gone  unnoticed.  whether  society  is  willing  to  accept  ubiquitous  facial  recognition  remains  to  be  seen,  although  many  have  credited  video  surveillance,  with  and  without  analytics,  as  one  of  the  reasons
__label__situationalsurveillance violent  crime  rates  have  fallen  in  the  united  states  and  elsewhere.  public  transportation  systems  are  the  backbones  of  cities,  and  video  analytics  can  help  detect  areas  for  improvement.  smart  systems  can  automatically  count  how  many  people  use  certain  routes,  and  they  can  track  changes  on  a  continuous  basis,  unlike  more  traditional  counting  methods  done  on  a  periodic  basis.  for  areas  reliant  on  personal  automobiles,  video  analytics  can  provide  robust  usage  data,  helping  governments  determine  when  roads,  bridges,  and  other  infrastructure  will  need  maintenance  work.  again,  the  affect  on  public  safety  will  be  significant  and  likely  controversial.  automatically  logging  license  plates,
__label__situationalsurveillance for  example,  lets  law  enforcement  agencies  detect  where  and  how  individuals  are  traveling,  and  public  transportation  systems  armed  with  facial  recognition  capabilities  make  it  difficult  for  people  to  conceal  their  activities.  benefits,  however,  will  be  unambiguous  for  pedestrians.  tracking  how  people  navigate  cities,  including  roads  and  other  dangerous  areas,  lets  city  planners  mitigate  dangers  and  implement  pedestrianfriendly  infrastructure  to  reduce  dangers.  video  and  healthcare  are  a  natural  combination.  being  able  to  track  patients  in  a  health  center  lets  doctors  and  other  providers  know  where  to  reach  their  patients  instantly,  and  it  can  lead  to  greater  efficiency  in  hospitals  and  other
__label__situationalsurveillance busy  locations.  one  specific  use  case  will  prove  to  be  especially  useful:  monitoring  patients  with  dementia.  those  with  alzheimers  and  other  conditions  are  prone  to  walking  away  and  becoming  lost  and  endangered.  with  facial  recognition,  care  centers  can  ensure  staff  members  are  alerted  if  a  patient  leaves  the  facility  and  respond  promptly.  video  analysis  is  also  being  used  as  a  diagnostic  tool,  a  use  case  thats  become  far  more  popular  in  recent  years.  by  combining  video  with  analytics  tools,  healthcare  providers  can  rely  on  artificial  intelligence  to  aid  their  diagnostic  capabilities.  privacy  concerns,  however,  need  to  be  addressed,  as  regulations
__label__situationalsurveillance in  healthcare  are  typically  substantial.  digital  video  once  seemed  to  require  far  too  much  data  to  ever  be  practical.  today,  most  of  us  carry  smartphones  able  to  shoot  and  store  a  large  amount  of  video,  and  the  internet  of  things  has  shown  that  digital  cameras  are  now  remarkably  inexpensive.  while  video  is  becoming  ubiquitous,  the  tools  needed  to  analyze  data  automatically  are  coming  online  quickly,  and  the  benefits  to  society  may  prove  to  be  immense.  its  important,  however,  to  consider  some  of  the  negative  ramifications.  how  much  privacy  are  people  willing  to  sacrifice  for  safety  and  convenience?
__label__situationalsurveillance the  technology  is  changing  the  way  business  and  individuals  live  and  work  in  their  daily  lives.  today,  industrial  operations,  manufacturing  units,  healthcare  centers,  government  offices,  educational  institutes,  and  businesses  the  world  over  are  able  to  gather  and  organize  data  from  diverse  sources.  they  can  analyze  it,  make  predictions,  and  perform  modeling  all  in  real  time.  we  are  headed  towards  a  datafrenzied  era,  where  data,  once  it  is  available  in  cyberspace,  will  become  a  source  of  analysis  for  anyone.  is  that  globally  beneficial  or  is  that  too  dangerous?  as  this  likes  to  warn  the  readers,  that  although  unstoppable  telecommunications  networks  have
__label__situationalsurveillance provided  a  tremendous  opportunity  to  drive  innovation  in  product  development,  to  reduce  operational  costs  while  maximizing  revenue,  the  stumbling  blocks  have  to  be  removed.  right  now,  even  with  many  iot  use  cases  running  successfully,  businesses  have  to  deal  with  it  standards,  limitations,  infrastructure  limitations,  and  skills  shortages.  the  internet  of  things  has  been  described  as  a  vast,  emerging  network  of  ipconnected  devices,  which  working  together,  can  deliver  massive  business  benefits  in  the  coming  years.  from  optimizing  asset  management  to  tracking  and  repairing  industrial  machines  in  real  time,  this  superb  technology  promises  to  bring  a  future  of  efficient  business  management  across
__label__situationalsurveillance the  globe.  however,  one  has  to  recognize  that  iots  future  success  is  largely  dependent  on  the  further  growth  and  development  of  allied  technologies  such  as  the  cloud,  big  data,  and  ,  to  name  a  few  because  these  technologies  work  in  tandem  to  deliver  business  solutions.  in  the  world  of  iot,  data  happens  outside  the  data  center  because  the  internet  has  tons  of  connected  devices  gathering  data  in  real  time.  the  the  future  of  iot:  on  the  edge  is  still  a  thing  of  the  future  as  these  devices  themselves  do  not  have  the  storage  or  computing  powers  of  large  machines  in
__label__situationalsurveillance data  centers.  in  ,  iot  platforms  are  enabling  inventory  or  material  tracking,  singlepoint  asset  control,  realtime  asset  monitoring,  and  unified  operational  intelligence.  as  an  example,  unit  has  implemented  iot  networks  in  their  locomotive  remanufacturing  plant  for  enhanced  manufacturing  efficiency.  in  service  and  support,  iot  devices  are  used  for  predictive  monitoring  and  timely  support  services.  in  ,  iot  devices  are  used  for  connecting  diverse  types  of  thirdparty  technology  platforms  like  device  clouds,  networks,  and  open  apis.  in  customer  management,  iot  devices  are  used  for  product  customization,  usage  and  performance  tracking,  remote  operations,  and  customer  self  service.  ,  a  provider  of  medical
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  and  software  applications,  uses  an  iot  platform  to  monitor  usage  and  performance  data  to  further  optimize  customers.  from  the  iot  use  cases  just  described,  the  post  now  moves  to  discuss  the  ten  use  cases  that  have  stunned  the  world  with  their  potentials  to  benefit  the  future  generations  of  humanity.  it  is  true;  iot  is  everywhere  the  new  world  of  smart  gadgets  and  apps  is  quite  thrilling;  and  for  the  first  time,  technology  has  attracted  the  attention  of  the  widest  human  population,  regardless  of  age  or  gender.  10  real  world  applications  of  internet  of  things  iot  explained  in  videos  offers
__label__situationalsurveillance some  fascinating  video  clips  of  iot  use  cases  the  applications  as  they  happen.  these  resources  clearly  indicate  that  currently,  iot  has  stormed  the  following  application  areas  with  doors  opening  up  for  more  applications  in  future.  for  more  information  on  iot  data  analytics,  the  article  titled  the  10  most  popular  internet  of  things  applications  right  now  talks  about  how  has  strengthened  the  above  application  areas.  also,  review  these  to  get  a  first  look  at  iot  in  action  in  production  processes.  in  terms  of  the  smart  industrial  iot,  look  at  the  ibm  blog  post  titled  the  top  5  industrial  iot  use  cases
__label__situationalsurveillance .  according  to  this  post,  infosys  and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university  conducted  a  joint  study  to  explore  the  global  awareness  of  smart  asset  management  in  manufacturing,  and  the  study  revealed  that  currently,  though  85  percent  of  manufacturing  operations  are  concerned  about  asset  management  best  practices,  only  15  percent  of  the  surveyed  operations  have  implemented  best  practice  measures.  smart  meters  provide  one  way  for  manufacturing  operations  to  track,  monitor,  and  manage  their  energy  resources.  if  there  is  one  iot  use  case  that  is  really  working  to  benefit  much  of  the  global  population,  that  is  the  healthcare  industry
__label__situationalsurveillance applications.  years  ago,  telemetry  became  popular  in  healthcare  for  medical  data  collection  for  better  treatment  outcomes.  another  big  iot  devices  market  in  healthcare  is  eldercare,  which  is  deployed  to  track  and  monitor  elderly  patients.  in  the  field  of  medical  apps,  stringent  regulations  has  somewhat  slowed  down  the  rate  of  innovation.  due  to  regulations,  medical  centers  are  cautious  about  using  iot  technologies  that  are  not  vetted  though  wifi  has  gained  considerable  acclaim  among  the  medical  fraternity.  much  investments  and  research  efforts  have  recently  been  put  in  medical  apps  development,  and  we  may  see  the  fruits  of  such  labor  in  the  next
__label__situationalsurveillance few  years.  get  more  details  in  the  article  titled  how  iot  medical  devices  are  changing  health  care  today  .  in  a  consumerdriven  healthcare  market,  the  presence  of  iot  apps  can  enhance  personalized  healthcare  with  improved  patient  involvement,  which  can  potentially  increase  the  market  value  of  healthcare  providers.  patientgenerated  data  or  pgd,  as  described  in  the  article  no  appointment  necessary:  how  the  iot  and  patientgenerated  data  can  unlock  health  care  value  ,  can  substantially  enhance  diagnosis,  disease  management,  and  treatment  processes.  with  such  massive  data  at  hand,  healthcare  providers  can  detect  and  prepare  treatment  plans  for  patients  at  risk  of  specific
__label__situationalsurveillance health  conditions.  the  health  eheart  study  at  the  university  of  california  san  francisco  is  utilizing  pgd  to  understand  heart  diseases  and  discover  methods  to  predict  heart  conditions.  the  goal  of  pgd  is  not  only  to  enable  improved  treatments,  but  also  to  foster  closer  engagement  between  the  healthcare  provider  and  the  patient  for  collaborative  decision  making.  readers  will  information  about  other  iot  use  cases  in  hospitals  in  the  article  titled  iot  for  healthcare:  three  use  cases  .  can  you  envision  a  future  where  our  lives  are  completely  controlled  by  a  network  of  connected  devices  rendering  instant  access  to  data  and  insights
__label__situationalsurveillance that  aid  decision  making?  in  another  510  years  the  telecommunications  infrastructure  can  make  that  happen.  our  lives  will  evolve  from  datadriven  to  become  informeddecision  driven.  photo  credit:  jamesteohart/shutterstock.com  2011  2019  dataversity  education,  llc  all  rights  reserved.
__label__situationalsurveillance threatpost  today  join  thousands  of  people  who  receive  the  latest  breaking  cybersecurity  news  every  day.  the  administrator  of  your  personal  data  will  be  threatpost,  inc.,  500  unicorn  park,  woburn,  ma  01801.  detailed  information  on  the  processing  of  personal  data  can  be  found  in  the  .  in  addition,  you  will  find  them  in  the  message  confirming  the  subscription  to  the  newsletter.  the  administrator  of  your  personal  data  will  be  threatpost,  inc.,  500  unicorn  park,  woburn,  ma  01801.  detailed  information  on  the  processing  of  personal  data  can  be  found  in  the  .  in  addition,  you  will  find  them  in  the  message  confirming
__label__situationalsurveillance the  subscription  to  the  newsletter.  experts  from  nokia,  iboss  and  sectigo  talk  5g  mobile  security  for  internet  of  things  iot  devices  in  this  webinar  youtube  video  transcript  included.  when  it  comes  to  the  next  generation  of  mobile  networks,  5g  promises  a  more  internet  of  thingsfriendly  ecosystem  with  vast  improvements  over  the  current  capabilities  of  4g  however,  its  intersection  with  iot  will  also  raise  the  stakes  on  cybersecurity.  the  benefits  of  5g  are  myriad:  not  only  will  it  allow  extremely  fast  data  feeds  of  1gbps  and  better  equivalent  to  toptier  home  broadband  speeds,  but  5g  also  offers  ultralow  latency  less  than
__label__situationalsurveillance one  millisecond  according  to  the  standard.  it  also  supports  greater  density  up  to  100  times  more  connected  devices  per  unit  area,  all  of  them  getting  the  same  speed  and  latency  and  better  network  energy  usage.  to  that  latter  point,  the  5g  standard  calls  for  a  90  percent  reduction  in  energy  consumption,  which  translates  into  lowpower  iot  devices  in  industrial  environments  boasting  10  years  worth  of  battery  life.  taken  together,  this  opens  up  new  use  cases.  ultralowlatency  for  example  makes  it  possible  to  support  selfdriving  cars;  iot  sensors  on  autonomous  vehicles  will  be  able  to  measure  temperature,  traffic  conditions,  weather,  gps
__label__situationalsurveillance location,  distance  to  other  objects,  and  so  on  in  realtime.  similarly,  in  the  medical  field,  applications  like  remotecontrolled  surgery  for  rural  areas  can  potentially  change  the  face  of  medicine.  and,  in  industrial  iot,  tracking  sensors  throughout  the  supply  chain  can  support  realtime  water  delivery,  streamlined  waste  management,  live  traffic  monitoring  and  light  changes,  and  even  ondemand  electrical  grids.  the  downside  is  that  the  risks  involved  from  a  cyber  perspective  tend  to  grow  exponentially  in  these  scenarios;  when  controlling  your  car  on  the  freeway,  performing  remote  surgery  or  providing  power  to  cities,  cyberattacks  can  literally  become  a  matter  of  life  or
__label__situationalsurveillance death.  on  thiswebinar  replay,  threatposts  tara  seals  is  joined  by  nokia  threat  intelligence  labs  kevin  mcnamee,  iboss  paul  martini  and  sectigos  alan  grau  to  talk  about  how  iot  security  will  change  in  the  era  of  faster  networks.  the  discussion  covers  emerging  realworld  threats  and  practical  strategies  for  locking  down  iot  footprints  in  5genabled  enterprise  environments.  mcnamee  presents  research  that  nokia  carried  out  on  iot  botnets  and  what  takeaways  we  have  as  we  move  to  5g,  while  martini  discusses  top  iot  attack  vectors  and  security  issues,  and  the  potential  damage  that  can  come  from  attacks.  grau  concludes  the  presentations  with  expert
__label__situationalsurveillance advice  onbest  practices  for  securing  your  iot  footprint.  and  finally,  a  qa  covers  the  5g  rollout  timeline,  the  importance  of  adding  security  to  iot  devices  during  the  design  phase,  carrier  network  security,  how  attackers  can  target  specific  classes  of  device  and  more.  please  see  the  youtube  replay  of  the  webinar,  below,  followed  by  a  lightly  edited  transcript  of  the  event.  event  transcript:  hello  everyone,  and  thank  you  for  attending  todays  threatpost  webinar,  entitled  the  internet  of  things:  security  challenges  in  a  5g  era.  im  tara  seals,  senior  editor  at  threatpost,  and  ill  be  your  moderator  today.  im  excited  to  welcome
__label__situationalsurveillance our  panelists  and  thought  leaders  who  will  give  us  a  comprehensive  dive  into  how  security  for  iot  is  changing  in  a  5g  world,  along  with  some  best  practices  for  securing  iot  in  general  as  these  devices  continue  to  proliferate.  today  were  going  to  hear  from  kevin  mcnamee  who  is  the  head  of  the  nokia  threat  intelligence  lab,  also  paul  martini  who  is  ceo  and  cofounder  at  iboss,  and  alan  grau,  who  is  vice  president  of  iot  and  embedded  solutions  at  sectigo.  kevins  going  to  talk  about  some  research  nokia  had  carried  out  on  iot  botnets  and  what  takeaways  we  have
__label__situationalsurveillance as  we  move  into  the  5g  world.  paul  is  going  to  pick  up  the  mantle  there  and  talk  about  some  top  iot  attack  vectors  and  security  issues  and  some  of  the  potential  damage  that  can  come  from  attacks  like  that.  and  then  alans  going  to  round  it  out  with  some  best  practices  for  securing  your  iot  footprint.  and  with  that,  i  am  going  to  turn  it  over  to  kevin.  kevin,  welcome.  perfect.  nokia  has  been  monitoring  malware  activity  in  mobile  networks  for  quite  some  time.  we  produce  these  annual  threat  reports  that  summarize  what  weve  been  seeing.  as  i  said,
__label__situationalsurveillance we  collect  data  from  mobile  networks  around  the  globe  and  were  looking  for  things  like  malware,  command  and  control  traffic,  exploit  attempts,  ddos  attacks,  scanning  activity  and  just  general  hacking  activity.  and  weve  been  doing  this  for  a  number  of  years,  and  our  most  recent  report  which  came  out  at  the  very  end  of  2018,  we  noticed  a  couple  of  things  with  respect  to  iot  botnet  activity.  okay.  first  of  all,  78  percent  of  the  actual  malware  activity  we  detected  were  actually  due  to  these  iot  bots.  youll  see  in  a  minute  when  i  show  you  what  these  bots  do,
__label__situationalsurveillance why  that  is,  why  theyre  so  active  in  the  network.  of  those,  35  percent  of  them  were  actually  from  variants  of  the  that  came  in  2016.  and  this  bot,  the  source  code  was  released  in  2016  and  it  has  been  used  by  hackers  to  create  new  varieties  of  iot  bots  since  then.  and  i  think  that  in  itself  is  responsible  for  the  increase  in  activity  that  weve  seen  there.  when  we  look  at  devices  in  general,  we  monitor  smartphones,  we  monitor  laptops,  tablets,  the  whole  thing.  when  we  look  at  the  infected  devices,  we  now  find  in  the  2018  report
__label__situationalsurveillance 16  percent  of  the  devices  that  we  flagged  as  being  infected  with  malware  of  some  sort  were  actually  iot  devices.  and  thats  a  very  large  jump  from  what  wed  seen  in  previous  years.  before  i  jump  into  some  of  the  statistics  weve  got,  ill  just  go  over  the  typical  iot  botnet  operation.  and  this  is  based  on  the  original  mirai  architecture  and  its  been  extended  by  other  malware  developers  over  the  past  couple  of  years,  past  two  or  three  year  to  sort  of  be,  improve  it  to  evolve  and  create  new  bots  as  we  go  along.  the  first  thing  is
__label__situationalsurveillance an  iot  bot.  the  botnet  nodes,  they  actually  spend  most  of  their  time  scanning  the  network  looking  for  other  victims.  thats  their  primary,  the  primary  thing  that  they  do.  and  because  of  that  these  botnets  naturally  increase  in  size  over  time.  eventually  once  theyve  covered  all  the  devices  available,  again,  the  botnet  sizes  are  sort  of  selflimiting.  and  thats  a  thing  to  bear  in  mind  when  we  start  talking  about  the  5g  thing.  because  in  the  future  with  5g,  the  number  of  iot  devices  is  going  to  increase  exponentially  and  so  the  size  of  these  potential  botnets  is  going  to
__label__situationalsurveillance be  quite,  quite  incredible.  thats  one  thing  to  bear  in  mind.  when  an  iot  bot  finds  a  new  victim,  it  responds  back  to  its  commandandcontrol  server.  and  then  they  go  ahead  and  infect  that  new  device  thats  been  detected.  and  that  device  will  then  become  a  member  of  the  bot.  and  the  botnet  gets  larger  and  it  continues  to  scan.  one  of  the  key  things  here  is  that  in  order  to  be  infected,  the  device  has  to  be  visible  from  the  internet,  visible  from  the  existing  botnet  members.  thats  another  key  thing  to  bear  in  mind.  now,  once  the  botnets
__label__situationalsurveillance been  established,  then  the  bot  master,  he  will,  it  can  either  rent  it  out  or  he  can  do  what  he  wants,  but  typically  its  used  for  various  things.  one  of  the  things  that  mirai  was  used  for  back  in  2016  was  ddos  attacks,  so  it  attacked,  brian  krebs  website  was  brought  down.  there  was  nine  dns  attack  that  shut  down  the  internet  in  north  america  for  almost  a  whole  day.  these  were  fairly  significant.  the  size  of  these  ddos  attacks  is  going  to  get  larger.  now,  since  then  have  been  more  modern  bots,  new  varieties,  and  theyll  do  things  like,
__label__situationalsurveillance theyll  get  into  bitcoin  mining,  theyll  get  into  identity  theft.  theres  a  whole,  a  new  series  of  use  cases  for  these  particular  botnets  thats  become  available.  just  to  show  you  sort  of  the  botnet,  the  increase  in  this  botnet  activity.  back  in  2015,  you  see  we  got  some,  a  little  bit  of  iot  botnet  activity  here.  and  then  all  of  a  sudden  in  the  end  of  2016  the  original  mirai  botnet  comes  out.  in  2017,  we  get  iot  bots  based  on  that  basic  mirai  architecture  that  start  to  come  out.  and  finally,  you  get  it  in  2018,  youve  got  78
__label__situationalsurveillance percent  of  the  malware  detection  activity  coming  from  these  bots.  one  of  the  things  id  like  to  make  as  a  main  takeaway  here  is  that  because  of  the  nature  of  the  way  that  these  bots  spread,  if  youve  got  a  vulnerable  iot  device  and  its  visible  from  the  internet,  then  that  device  is  going  to  be  infected  literally  in  a  matter  of  minutes.  thats  just  the  way  these  things  work.  thats  one  of  the  main  takeaways  there.  so  bear  that  in  mind,  vulnerable  and  invisible.  this  is  just  a  screenshot  of  what  one  of  these  bots  looks  like  from  our
__label__situationalsurveillance monitoring  system.  to  give  you  an  idea  of  the  botnet  evolution,  you  had  this  is  a  chart  that  explains  what  was  going  on  in  2018.  you  can  see  the  variety  of  different  iot  bots  that  are  coming  on  there.  some  of  these  are  used  for  theyre  used  for  peertopeer  commandandcontrol  systems.  some  of  them  are  used,  for  example,  destructive  cyberattacks  and  ddos  activity.  this  one  here,  doubledoor,  can  actually  break  in  through  residential  firewalls  into  a  residence  and  infect  iot  devices  within  the  residence.  youve  got  a  variety.  so  i  wont  go  into  the  details  there.  its  available  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance slide.  and  if  you  want  more  details  of  any  of  this,  you  can  pick  up  our  threat  report,  and  theyre  all  explained  in  great  detail.  the  message  here  is  that  these  bots  are  getting  more  varieties  of  them  and  more  attack  vectors  and  also  more  sort  of  uses  cases,  more  purposes  that  theyre  used  for.  okay.  so  how  do  we  tie  this  in  with  5g?  bear  in  mind,  there  are  not  many  5g  networks  currently  out  there,  so  most  of  the  information  youve  seen  so  far  comes  from  existing  4g  mobile  networks.  going  to  5g,  5g  does  introduce  some  new
__label__situationalsurveillance security  features  of  great  value.  i  mean  first  of  all,  on  the  pro  side,  the  control  plane  in  5g  is  strongly  authenticated  and  encrypted.  this  means  that  the  actual  core  of  the  5g  network  is  going  to  be  less  vulnerable  to  attack,  and  thats  a  really  good  thing.  the  other  thing  is  that  5g  introduces  the  slicing  capability,  which  enables  you  to  create  network  segments  that  are  completely  separate  from  each  other,  and  one  segment  cant  be  attacked  from  another.  that  is  a  really  good  thing  too.  this  means  that  if  youve  got  a  segment  thats  dedicated  to  electronic  banking,
__label__situationalsurveillance then  the  segment  thats  dedicated  to  mobile  phones  cant  attack  that  particular  segment.  theyre  not  visible  to  each  other.  theyre  physically  separate.  and  from  a  security  perspective  of  course  thats  really  good.  however,  on  the  con  side,  more  iot  devices  means  bigger  botnets.  as  i  said  before,  the  mirai  type  varieties  were  selflimiting  in  terms  of  the  size  they  could  get.  once  you  get  up  to  a  few  hundred  thousand  devices,  youd  sort  of  run  out  of  your  available  cast  of  characters  for  your  botnet.  but  with  millions  or  billions  of  iot  devices  out  there,  these  botnets  can  get  much,
__label__situationalsurveillance much  bigger,  which  means  theyre  much  more  dangerous.  also,  with  the  enhanced  bandwidth,  tara  mentioned  the  phenomenal  bandwidth  increased  with  5g,  it  means  that  this  ddos  capability  is  now  much,  much,  much  larger  in  terms  of  its  ability  to  do  damage  to  the  network.  another  aspect  is  that,  and  this  is  the  visibility  aspect,  within  a  lot  of  the  mobile  networks  today  the  use  carry  a  great  net  and  so  the  actual  mobile  devices  are  not  visible  from  the  internet.  they  cant  attack  them  from  the  outside.  but  with  5g  and  also  the  move  to  ipv6  addressing,  it  could  create
__label__situationalsurveillance the  situation  where  the  iot  devices  out  there,  unprotected,  no  firewalls  in  front  of  them  may  be  much  more  visible  and  therefore  much  more  vulnerable  to  attack.  remember,  ive  said  if  the  device  is  vulnerable  and  is  visible,  it  is  going  to  be  attacked.  i  think  finally,  the  slicing  thing,  although  it  provides  a  really  good  security  aspect  up  here  by  providing  the  network  segmentation,  it  can  provide  a  focus  for  attack.  so  for  example,  if  im  an  attacker  and  i  know  this  particular  slice  is  hosting  that  banking  application  or  that  medical  application,  i  can  focus  my  attacks  on
__label__situationalsurveillance this.  i  basically  say  to  summarize,  and  i  think  a  little  bit  later  on  alans  going  to  be  talking  about  best  practices  so  im  not  going  to  get  in  much  details  here,  but  to  summarize:  securely  managed,  confident  secure  communication,  youve  got  to  monitor,  you  got  to  watch  this  network  for  this  malware  activity.  if  you  dont  look  and  see  whats  happening,  youll  never  know  that  its  going  on  until  its  too  late.  my  takeaway  here  is  the  network  security  team,  the  person  managing  this  5g  network,  must  be  able  to  detect  rogue  iot  devices  and  take  automatic  action  to
__label__situationalsurveillance get  them  off  the  network,  to  quarantine  them,  to  get  them  taken  care  of.  so  thats  my  section.  and  i  think  now  what  id  like  to  do  is  id  like  to  pass  it  over  to  paul  whos  going  to  talk  a  little  bit  more  about  attack  vectors.  thanks  kevin.  so,  given  the  pervasiveness  of  5g  connectivity,  which  actually  in  some  cases  even  exceeding  10  gigabit  per  second  as  we  move  forward  into  the  future,  the  amount  of  attack  vectors  are  increasing  by  the  day.  so  one  of  the  things  i  want  to  cover  specifically  around  vulnerabilities,  we  work  a  lot
__label__situationalsurveillance with  our  partners  like  fireeye  who  do  a  lot  of  research  and  remediation  around  industrial  control  systems,  as  well  as  iot,  and  actually  a  lot  of  the  findings  throughout  a  lot  of  the  data  that  were  seeing  in  the  cloud  as  we  process  transactions,  dns  queries,  data  requests,  including  http  and  advanced  protocols,  always  by  malware  and  botnets  to  infiltrate  iot  devices,  one  of  the  things  that  are  fundamental  to  these  changes  is  the  fact  that  the  network  perimeter  is  really  changing  and  evolving.  traditionally,  and  kevin  mentioned  this  in  the  prior  slides,  is  that  you  create  a  castleandmoat  mentality,
__label__situationalsurveillance you  have  access  to  all  of  your  servers,  all  of  the  data  that  gets  generated  from  these  servers  traverses  security  stacks,  firewalls,  proxies  and  things  like  that.  but  as  you  move  into  the  future,  the  notion  of  a  fixed  perimeter  goes  away,  meaning  that  devices  are  everywhere,  and  actually  iot  devices  in  particular  are  everywhere,  because  theyre  connected  to  5g  networks.  so  when  that  comes  into  play,  one  of  the  key  fundamental  principles  of  threat  actors  is  scanning  for  iot  devices  or  vulnerabilities  within  those  devices  in  order  to  discover  new  potentials  and  new  opportunities.  but  when  these  devices  are
__label__situationalsurveillance not  sitting  within  controlled  physical  environments,  that  becomes  really,  really  challenging.  so  you  can  see  that  this  eroded  perimeter  leads  to  the  inability  to  scan  for  botnet  callbacks  and  commandandcontrol.  but  also,  when  you  think  of  different  types  of  devices,  cameras,  utilities,  theyre  all  connected  wirelessly  through  there,  also  potentially  open  to  breaches  through  lack  of  patches  or  other  mechanisms.  with  that  you  combine  encrypted  traffic,  which  is  exceeding  now  in  our  last  measurements,  over  90  percent  of  the  traffic  is  https  or  encrypted,  and  typically  the  vast  volume  of  traffic  if  you  think  about  the  future  will  likely  hit
__label__situationalsurveillance near  100  percent  encrypted  pointtopoint  communication,  which  is  a  really  good  thing  for  both  communication  over  the  internet  but  can  have  it  the  flip  side  where  botnet  communications  and  data  exfiltration  specifically  from  iot  devices  will  occur  over  encrypted  channels.  so  its  very  hard  to  detect  these  callbacks  and  things  of  that  nature  when  the  traffic  is  masked  within  encrypted  traffic.  the  combination  of  encrypted  traffic  as  well  as  increasing  exponential  bandwidth  speeds  not  only  increases  the  surface  area,  but  it  also  makes  it  a  very,  a  big  path  to  hijack  or  exfiltrate  data.  through  the  research  and  a  lot
__label__situationalsurveillance of  different  engagements  really,  if  you  look  at  the  breakdown  in  terms  of  the  risk,  a  big  portion  of  the  risk  that  were  found  were  actually  categorized  as  high  or  critical.  and  really  when  you  think  about  when  youre  thinking  about  high  or  critical,  that  actually  means  that  it  has  the  ability  for  an  actor  to  gain  access  to  a  system  as  well  as  take  over  that  system  and  use  that  system  to  cause  either  disruption,  access  information,  or  exfiltrate  data.  so  high  and  critical  really  means  impact  the  organization  in  a  major  way.  as  you  look  at  the  primary
__label__situationalsurveillance three  areas  that  were  found,  really  the  largest  floods,  vulnerabilities  and  patches,  now  when  you  think  about  iot,  its  not  like  windows  or  other  operating  systems  that  can  receive  regular  updates.  theyre  embedded  devices  a  lot  of  times.  so  even  patching  and  updating  them  can  be  very  challenging.  its  also  more  firmware  than  it  is  software  and  so  that  makes  it  a  lot  harder  to  maintain  and  upgrade  and  do  patch  management.  twentyfive  percent  was  identity  and  access  management.  im  going  to  talk  about  some  of  the  very  basic  things  that  were  found  that  literally  could  lead  to  critical  breaches
__label__situationalsurveillance and  then  segmentation.  in  a  world  where  the  perimeters  fixed  its  very  easy  to  isolate  one  network  from  another,  but  in  a  5g  world  where  things  are  connected  wirelessly,  not  only  is  segmentation  important  but  the  ability  to  have  all  of  the  connectivity  from  all  iot  devices  run  through  a  security  system  regardless  of  its  location.  well  talk  a  little  bit  more  about  that.  but  here  you  can  see  a  list  of  all  the  different  risk  categories,  the  top  three  which  as  i  just  showed  being  vulnerability,  patch  management  and  updates,  identity  and  access  management,  as  well  as  segmentation.  and
__label__situationalsurveillance then  it  really  starts  to  drop  off  with  a  lot  of  other  areas  as  far  as  insecure  services  being  enabled,  so  software  enabled  that  really  shouldnt  be  running  to  begin  with,  as  well  as  other  best  practices  that  follow  soc  1,  soc  2  compliance,  as  well  as  iso  compliance.  so  going  back  to  these  top  three  categories  i  want  to  focus  on  these,  because  really  if  you  think  about  maintaining  and  controlling  these  three  areas,  youre  really  covering  a  lot  of  the  core  surface  error  for  thread  actors  to  hijack  data  and  take  over  systems.  but  really,  as  we  think
__label__situationalsurveillance about  the  patches  and  vulnerabilities,  again,  very  difficult  to  update  iot  devices,  but  really  these  are  known  vulnerabilities  in  iot  that  allow  threat  actors  to  get  into  the  devices  and  then  use  those  devices  to  access  other  servers.  and  thats  pretty  common.  iot,  its  not  just  the  hijacking  of  the  device  but  its  also  using  that  device  as  a  vehicle  to  access  laptops,  servers,  and  other  things  that  contain  critical  information,  as  well  as  using  them  to  hop  data  through  that  iot  device  itself.  with  identity  access  management,  the  second  most  common  category,  a  lot  of  the  issues  were  related
__label__situationalsurveillance to  just  really  best  practices  and  the  way  passwords  were  handled.  and  then  the  network  segmentation  and  segregation,  as  you  think  about  these  wireless  devices,  just  the  mixing  of  these  devices  with  critical  servers,  remember  these  actors  are  using  them  for  horizontal  exfiltration,  hopping  through  devices  to  get  to  servers.  but  as  we  go  back  to  the  number  one  core  issue  was  vulnerabilities  and  patches,  and  of  course,  again,  very  hard  to  update  these  iot  devices.  but  really  in  a  5g  era,  its  going  to  be  exponentially  harder  to  control  and  secure  these  devices  because  the  devices  are  not  necessarily
__label__situationalsurveillance located  within  your  controlled  network.  so  thinking  about  how  to  connect  these  devices  to  services  that  are  either  saas  or  cloud  for  example,  not  only  are  these  services  always  uptodate  but  they  basically  cover  the  device  inside  and  outside  of  a  traditional  network  perimeter.  looking  at  some  of  the  areas  for  risk  around  vulnerability,  patches  and  updates,  what  we  found  ranged  from  infrequent  updates.  thats  very  common,  probably  the  most  common  in  terms  of  not  patching  the  devices,  not  upgrading  them.  you  install  them.  some  are  hard  to  get  to  as  well.  so  being  able  to  update  those  are  really
__label__situationalsurveillance important.  but  we  find  things  like  outdated  firmware  and  software.  there  was  also,  just  looking  at  old  operating  systems  that  might  be  running,  we  found  scenarios  where  they  might  be  an  embedded  version  of  windows  for  example  or  an  xp,  a  sort  of  a  kiosk  environment  that  just  isnt  getting  patched  anymore  to  end  of  life.  a  lot  of  them  were  known  vulnerabilities.  were  not  talking  about  some  sort  of  threat  that  just  came  out.  these  were  threats  or  vulnerabilities  that  were  around  for  a  while.  and  the  threat  actors  know  that  iots  are  a  very  good  spot  and  this
__label__situationalsurveillance is  why  the  search  for  them  to  really  attack  devices  because  of  old  operating  systems.  as  you  think  about  risk  mitigation  in  that  area,  you  really  have  to  develop  a  strategy,  just  putting  up  devices  especially  in  iot  and  now  in  a  5g  era  without  a  plan  is  definitely  dangerous.  theres  lots  of  guidelines  around  that  for  compliance  including  some  from  nist.  theres  nist  documents  around  that  area  as  well.  and  then  as  you  think  about  just  planning  for  staff,  it  might  seem  putting  up  cameras  or  some  sort  of  remote  entry  sensors  are  a  good  idea,  but  without  the
__label__situationalsurveillance staff  to  do  the  patches  and  do  things  like  that  its  going  to  really  create  a  gap  and  a  hole  that  allows  threat  actors  to  get  into  more  sensitive  information  and  maybe  even  gain  access  to  offices  and  things  of  that  nature.  and  then,  as  you  think  about  other  areas  and  the  lack  of  patching,  filtering  and  traffic  control  become  really  critical,  monitoring  of  traffic  kevin  mentioned  is  really  critical,  as  well  as  ensuring  that  theres  uptodate  rules  and  rule  sets  as  these  devices  communicate,  because  even  though  the  iot  software  may  be  outofdate,  it  doesnt  mean  that  the  rule
__label__situationalsurveillance sets  that  are  governing  their  communication  should  be.  so  you  really  want  to  look  at  scenarios  where  you  can  connect  these  devices,  possibly  to  a  saas  or  cloud  security  system  that  is  always  uptodate,  find  that  to  be  a  really  good  strategy  especially  with  overburdened  staff  where  they  dont  have  the  time  to  patch  or  do  upgrades  potentially  to  allow  thirdparty  services  to  do  those  patches.  youll  find  a  lot  of  that  with  cloud  security  for  connectivity  but  also  within  saas  platforms  like  office  365  and  things  of  that  nature  where  you  can  extend  your  it  staff  with  the  help
__label__situationalsurveillance of  other  vendors.  from  an  identity  and  access  management  really  the  core  bulk  here  is  look  if  you  can  get  multifactor  authentication,  thats  actually  obviously  powerful.  both  iot  many  times  thats  really  not  an  option.  but  if  theres  access  to,  administrative  access  to  these  iot  devices,  things  like  cameras,  remember,  they  can  be  accessed  now  with  5g  from  a  5g  wireless  network  which  isnt  even  the  organizations  wifi  network.  but  if  you  look  at  this,  the  list  of  password  mishaps,  its  pretty  vast.  anything  from  weak  passwords,  passwords  that  are  never  changed,  sharing  passwords,  and  also  weve  seen  scenarios  where
__label__situationalsurveillance theyre  actually  the  default  passwords.  theyre  never  changed  to  begin  with.  thats  still  very  common.  so  you  really  want  to  do  something  as  basic  as  a  strong  password,  which  really  goes  a  long  way,  as  well  as  not  using  administrative  passwords  for  access  to  iot  devices  and  things  of  that  nature.  avoid  keeping  copies  of  passwords  anywhere.  and  that  goes  across  the  board  and  its  pretty  common,  but  it  still  happens  to  be  a  big  vector,  especially  in  the  5g  era.  and  then  if  they  do  support  multifactor,  thats  always  the  preferred  choice.  it  does  provide  an  exponential  amount  of
__label__situationalsurveillance security  even  if  a  password  gets  compromised,  theyll  have  to  have  additional  token  or  additional  device  to  gain  access.  and  then  avoid  even  from  a  username  perspective,  if  you  have  the  ability  to  change  a  username,  change  it  from  the  default  admin  or  administrator  as  these  botnets  scan  for  iot  devices,  theyre  using  dictionaries  and  theyre  using  very  common  usernames  to  get  across  to  these  iot  devices.  and  then  lastly  from  a  segmentation  perspective,  keeping  the  network  separate  from  your  core  network  from  iot  devices  is  always  good.  i  mean  a  5g  world  when  these  devices  are  connected  through  wireless
__label__situationalsurveillance networks,  using  cloud  security  services  is  a  good  idea.  you  can  connect  these  devices  to  the  security  service,  which  goes  beyond  the  traditional  network  perimeter.  its  a  really  good  way  to  segregate  the  traffic  and  ensure  that  the  rules  are  always  uptodate  and  youre  running  the  latest  without  the  need  for  patching  and  upgrading  and  doing  things  of  that  nature.  so  with  that,  im  going  to  pass  it  over  to  alan  who  will  continue  on  with  his  presentation.  all  right.  thanks  paul.  as  paul  said,  my  name  is  alan  grau,  and  im  the  vice  president  of  iot  and  embedded  systems
__label__situationalsurveillance for  sectigo.  a  lot  of  what  im  looking  at  and  thinking  about  and  the  solutions  were  focused  on  are  really  about  security  at  the  iot  device  level.  and  so  as  i  look  at  it,  a  lot  of  my  focus  is  much  more  devicefocused  than  networkfocused.  so  i  may  have  a  little  different  perspective  on  a  few  of  these  things,  but  i  think  it  all  ties  in  together  quite  nicely.  the  main  thing  ill  be  talking  about  are  just  best  practices  for  iot  security,  particularly  as  it  relates  to  5g.  as  we  look  at  iot  device  security,  there  really  are  a
__label__situationalsurveillance number  of  challenges.  again,  as  i  said,  i  really  think  security  has  to  start  with  the  device.  i  mean  clearly  network  security  is  critical,  ensuring  that  youve  got  all  the  right  infrastructure  in  place  and  security  of  the  network  level  is  an  important  part  of  it.  but  ensuring  that  the  devices  themselves  are  secured  is  really  a  fundamental  piece  of  the  overall  equation.  ive  had  conversations  with  people  that  are  saying  things  like,  well,  im  building  an  iot  light  bulb.  ive  got  connected  light  bulb  and,  yeah,  i  dont  want  it  to  get  hacked.  but  really  whats  the  consequence?  is
__label__situationalsurveillance it  that  big  of  an  impact  if  my  device  is  compromised?  and  the  reality  is  that  it  is.  paul  talked  a  little  bit  about  how  attackers  will  move  horizontally  once  they  compromise  a  device.  and  weve  seen  instances  where  a  hacker  has  compromised  something  like  an  iot  light  bulb.  from  that  theyve  been  able  to  steal  wifi  passwords,  gain  access  to  the  broader  network,  and  thats  the  actual  initial  infiltration  point  to  a  much  broader  attack.  i  mean,  if  we  look  all  the  way  back  to  the  target  data  breach,  that  was  an  attack  that  came  in  through  an  hvac
__label__situationalsurveillance system,  essentially  connected  iot  device  that  was  compromised.  so  it  really  is  critical  to  ensure  that  the  device  is  secured.  but  as  we  look  at  iot  devices,  in  many  cases  these  are  specialized  embedded  devices.  theyre  not  easily  updated.  theyre  running  specialized  os,  realtime  operating  system  perhaps  android  or  often  times  in  some  cases  linux  and  the  larger  devices  windows,  but  in  many  cases  its  an  embedded  realtime  operating  systems  like  integrity,  vxworks,  or  one  of  the  dozen  or  so  other  realtime  operating  systems.  and  these  solutions  have  limited  resources.  they  arent  easily  updated.  and  while  youve  got  the  same
__label__situationalsurveillance security  challenges  for  these  devices,  you  need  specialized  systems  to  protect  them.  the  existing  enterprise  software  for  security  wont  run  on  these  devices.  weve  talked  quite  a  bit  about  how  widely  deployed  these  devices  are  and  how  thats  changing  with  5g  or  at  least  increasing  dramatically  with  5g.  we  also  have  the  challenge  that  these  devices  are  deployed  in  the  field.  so,  in  addition  to  having  networkbased  attacks,  you  have  to  be  concerned  about  physical  attacks.  a  hacker  could  come  up,  steal  a  device  in  many  cases,  take  it  home,  crack  it  open,  pull  the  flash  out  or  access  the
__label__situationalsurveillance device,  and  gather  data  and  steal  secrets  from  the  device  that  way.  so  there  are  new  attack  vectors  that  we  need  to  be  worried  about.  and  theyre  also  built  using  new  technology.  security  vulnerabilities,  there  are  many  different  types  of  security  vulnerabilities,  but  one  of  the  classes  of  security  vulnerabilities  are  just  the  result  of  programming  flaws  or  bugs,  things  like  buffer  overflow  attacks  because  the  system  wasnt  implemented  properly,  allowing  that  type  of  attack.  theyre  not  the  battlehardened  solutions  that  we  see  in  other  areas  and  so  itll  take  time  to  really  flush  out  all  those  vulnerabilities  and  harden
__label__situationalsurveillance the  devices.  as  was  mentioned  during  the  intro  by  tara,  these  devices  are  performing  critical  tasks,  so  the  security  requirements  are  even  harder  higher  than  with  traditional  it  devices.  if  i  lose  personal  information,  my  credit  card  is  stolen,  thats  an  inconvenience  that  may  cost  me  a  little  bit  of  money.  but  if  my  medical  device,  if  my  connected  car  malfunctions,  whether  its  due  to  a  cyberattack  or  other  cause,  that  can  actually  cause  loss  of  life.  so  the  security  requirements  are  really  critical  here.  as  we  look  at  the  approaches  for  iot  security,  especially  at  the  device  level,  the
__label__situationalsurveillance challenges  really  are  similar  to  what  were  seeing  anyplace  else.  theyre  the  same  as  we  see  in  it  networks  and  so  on.  we  need  strong  authentication.  static  credentials  just  wont  cut  it  anymore.  paul  talked  about  the  botnets  that  are  out  searching  for  known  account  names,  known  passwords.  in  other  cases  there  have  been  devices  that  are  produced  with  ssh  keys,  but  the  same  ssh  key  in  many,  many  devices.  well,  those  often  end  up  getting  discovered.  that  information  gets  put  back  into  a  botnet  and  the  botnet  can  go  out  and  use  what  seemed  like  strong  credentials  in  a
__label__situationalsurveillance ssh  key,  but  its  been  discovered  and  its  in  thousands  of  devices,  making  it  vulnerable  to  attack.  so  strong  authentication  is  critical.  device  integrity  is  another  important  piece,  ensuring  that  youve  got  secure  boot  enabled  in  the  device  so  that  you  know  your  device  is  always  running  your  code  and  having  attack  detection  built  into  the  device.  and  this  becomes  a  challenge  in  lowerend  devices.  if  youre  talking  about  a  sensor,  a  connected  light  bulb,  a  wearable  device,  you  cant  run  traditional  windowsbased  security  solutions,  so  you  need  something  thats  specialized  and  will  scale  to  these  devices.  another  critical  issue
__label__situationalsurveillance obviously  is  data  security  and  data  protection.  this  really  involves  two  pieces.  one  is  secure  key  storage.  whether  or  not  youve  got  hardware  device  built  into  your  iot  device  for  storing  the  key  securely  or  youre  doing  it  in  software,  you  need  some  method  of  ensuring  that  the  keys  are  stored  securely.  and  then  again  that  youre  securing  data  both  at  rest  and  in  motion.  obviously  with  5g  youve  got  some  builtin  capabilities  around  securing  communication,  but  you  still  have  to  secure  the  data  on  the  device  and  with  and  other  strong  regulations  this  is  even  more  critical.  and  then
__label__situationalsurveillance finally,  visibility  and  management.  this  is  some  of  the  things  again  that  we  talked  about  already  in  terms  of  making  sure  you  have  patches  to  your  devices,  making  sure  that  their  firmware  is  updated,  and  doing  so  in  an  automated  fashion.  so  how  do  we  implement  these  things?  well  again,  were  looking  at  resource  constrained  devices,  so  you  do  need  a  purposebuilt  solution  for  an  iot  device  thats  tailored  to  these  use  cases.  its  also  critical  you  design  in  security.  again  iot  devices  are  new  devices.  these  are  things  that  are  being  designed  that  are  using  in  many  cases  unique
__label__situationalsurveillance and  new  resource  constrained  hardware,  new  software  thats  being  developed,  and  the  security  capabilities  require  things  as  i  said  before  like  secure  key  storage  which  needs  to  be  built  in  at  a  hardware  level  if  it  can  be.  so  that  requires  security  to  be  addressed  very  early  in  the  design  cycle.  one  of  the  other  considerations  obviously  is  the  buildversusbuy  consideration.  since  these  devices  do  require  specialized  security  solutions,  youve  got  to  figure  out  the  best  way  to  get  that  put  into  place.  and  these  solutions  are  complex.  engineering  teams  typically  are  very  busy.  they  have  a  lot  of  work
__label__situationalsurveillance to  do  to  build  whatever  it  is  that  their  companys  good  at  building,  and  doing  that  themselves  can  often  be  cumbersome  and  errorprone.  and  then  finally,  as  you  look  at  iot  device  security,  there  are  a  number  of  hardware  based  solutions  that  have  been  created  and  are  being  developed  by  chip  manufacturers  to  enable  security  in  the  device,  things  like  secure  elements,  tpm  chips,  and  trustzone  which  provide  the  hardware  foundation  for  security  for  iot  devices.  then  on  top  of  that  there  are  softwarebased  solutions  for  secure  updates,  secure  boot,  data  protection  and  so  on  that  can  be  added.  if
__label__situationalsurveillance we  look  at  how  this  all  comes  together  in  5g,  well  first  off,  an  iot  device  is  still  an  iot  device  and  still  a  device  that  needs  to  be  secured.  in  many  ways  the  basic  security  fundamentals  are  the  same.  every  iot  device  must  be  secured.  you  need  to  ensure  that  youve  got  secure  key  storage,  secure  data  management,  the  ability  to  update  the  device  in  the  field,  ideally  a  way  to  automate  that,  strong  credentials.  we  see  pki  is  an  important  part  of  security  for  iot  devices  so  that  you  can  authenticate  the  device,  and  as  devices  are  talking
__label__situationalsurveillance to  each  other,  they  can  authenticate  each  other  so  that  they  know  theyre  talking  to  someone  that  they  should  be.  they  arent  talking  to  a  command  and  control  center  for  some  iot  botnet,  but  theyre  actually  talking  to  the  systems  they  were  designed  to  talk  to.  the  broad  attack  surface  is  something  that  kevin  talked  about  quite  a  bit  in  his  presentation  with  iot.  just  the  vast  number  of  devices  that  are  being  deployed  and  will  continue  to  be  deployed  with  5g  and  the  connectivity  of  all  of  those  devices  creates  really  a  very,  very  broad  attack  surface.  one  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  areas  that  really  can  come  into  play  is  with  botnet  conscription.  the  ability  to  conscript  devices  into  a  botnet  is  something  that  as  devices  are  deployed  with  weak  credentials  and  weak  security,  and  again,  were  continuing  to  see  new  devices  deployed  with  those  weak  in  many  cases  with  weak  security  and  weak  credentials,  theyre  going  to  be  conscripted  into  botnets  and  the  size  of  those  botnets  is  growing,  leading  to  just  more  and  more  damaging  attacks.  and  then  finally,  the  other  consideration  for  5g  is  while  5gs  a  very  exciting  new  technology,  its  creating  the  opportunity  to  implement  solutions
__label__situationalsurveillance that  werent  possible  before,  its  also  going  to  create  new  types  of  devices  with  new  vulnerabilities.  many  of  these  devices  arent  battlehardened,  theyre  immature,  and  itll  just  take  a  lot  of  time  for  security  vulnerabilities  to  be  fixed,  found  and  fixed  in  these  devices  which  is  all  the  more  reason  its  critical  that  security  be  addressed  in  the  design  of  the  devices  that  securitys  built  in,  that  security  testing  is  part  of  the  process,  and  that  we  really  put  security  high  on  the  priority  list  as  were  looking  at  designing  new  devices.  i  know  we  were  going  to  take  a
__label__situationalsurveillance little  time  for  qa  so  im  going  to  pass  this  back  to  tara  so  we  can  take  questions  and  answer  any  questions  that  anyone  has.  thank  you  so  much  alan,  and  let  me  just  pull  up  my  screen  here.  okay,  great.  so  yes,  so  we  wanted  to  take  a  few  moments  for  qa.  let  me  just  start  off  with  the  first  one  that  was  submitted  here  which  is  the  question  about  ipv6  addresses.  they  wanted  to  know,  would  hardtoguess  ipv6  addresses  limit  the  scan  efficiency  for  the  bad  guys  looking  for  vulnerable  open  devices?  certainly.  i  think  the  fact  that
__label__situationalsurveillance the  is  so  huge,  it  will  make  it  more  difficult  to  scan.  but  you  can  focus  on  specific  subsets  of  that  address  space.  i  think  the  fact  that  the  device  is  visible  itself  is  a  bigger  threat  than  the  fact  that  its  visible  in  a  large,  a  very  large  sort  of  pool  that  might  be  difficult  to  scan.  i  think  the  other  part  of  that  is  as  these  iot  botnets  proliferate,  they  can  break  the  address  space  down  and  each  botnet  or  each  node  in  the  botnet  can  scan  a  subset.  so  once  a  botnet  gets  a  foothold  and  starts
__label__situationalsurveillance to  gain  a  number  of  devices  as  weve  seen  some  very  large  botnets,  that  that  will  allow  scanning  to  proceed  pretty  quickly  despite  the  larger  address  space.  thanks  kevin  and  alan.  and  then,  another  question  is  about  5g  in  general.  theres  a  lot  of  hype  obviously  arounds  this  technology.  some  of  the  audience  members  wanted  to  know  are  we  dealing  with  kind  of  a  pipe  dream  here  or  are  5g  networks  with  all  of  the  attributes  that  weve  been  talking  about,  is  that  realistic  anytime  soon?  whats  the  timeline  on  5g  roll  out?  well,  a  lot  of  the  carriers  are
__label__situationalsurveillance actually  trialing  the  5g  in  the  ran  at  the  moment.  thats  stuff  thats  been  tested  today.  5g  in  the  core  people  are  saying  its  anywhere  from  one  to  two  years  away.  so  it  is  real  and  its  certainly  coming.  as  i  said,  we  are  actually  rolling  out  networks  in  the  ran  today.  and  the  other  question  is  too,  is  that  even  if  5g  is  not  widely  commercially  deployed  right  now,  it  does  seem  that  the  security  challenge  is  rather  broad  reaching.  so  probably  something  to  start  thinking  about  if  you  have  a  business  that  you  will  be  looking  to  implement
__label__situationalsurveillance this  kind  of  wireless  technology  in  the  future,  correct?  no,  i  would  completely  agree  with  that.  i  think  that  the  security  challenges  are  largely  independent  of  5g.  i  mean  5g  with  the  scale  that  it  provides  does  create  larger  opportunities  for  security  breaches  and  for  botnets  to  do  greater  damage  due  to  their  or  scale,  but  the  base  issues  still  are  there.  i  think  the  other  point  to  make  with  this  is  that  design  and  development  of  new  devices,  especially  if  you  really  are  thinking  carefully  about  security  and  trying  to  build  in  new  devices  with  secure  elements  for  secure
__label__situationalsurveillance key  storage  on  the  device  and  so  on,  it  really  does  take  time  so  its  never  too  soon  to  start  thinking  about  adding  security  to  these  devices.  another  question  has  to  do  with  actually  the  iot  device  vendors  themselves.  weve  seen  this  in  the  4g  era  as  well  where  you  dont  necessarily  have  security  builtin  in  the  design  phase  as  you  say.  so  you  end  up  with  a  case  where  you  have  things  that  need  to  be  recalled  or  that  need  firmware  upgrades  and  things  like  that.  are  these  recalls  going  to  become  more  common  as  we  go  forward  do
__label__situationalsurveillance you  think?  whats  going  to  happen  on  the  security  front  there?  this  is  alan.  in  some  cases  weve  already  seen  device  recalls.  particularly  in  automotive  there  have  been  security  vulnerabilities  that  a  number  of  automotive  manufacturers  have  had  to  do  largescale  recalls  to  address.  one  of  the  ways  to  mitigate  this  is  by  building  remote  secure  firmware  updates  into  the  devices  themselves  that  allows  obviously  overtheair  update  so  you  dont  actually  have  to  pull  the  device  back  in  to  whether  its  the  auto  dealership  or  back  to  the  manufacturer  to  update  the  device.  so  really  there  are  two  parts  to
__label__situationalsurveillance it.  but  yeah,  i  do  see  this  as  being  an  ongoing  problem  and  something  that  will  continue  to  be  a  growing  problem.  and  just  depending  upon  the  nature  and  the  cost  of  the  device  and  the  responsiveness  of  the  manufacturer,  weve  certainly  seen  cases  where  manufacturers  have  just  ignored  security  vulnerabilities  and  not  addressed  them,  but  their  ability  to  do  that  and  remain  competitive  is  going  to  be  more  and  more  difficult,  so  i  do  expect  this  to  be  something  we  see  more  of  as  we  go  forward.  and  this  is  paul  as  well.  as  you  think,  theres  cases  of
__label__situationalsurveillance recalls  that  have  occurred  recently.  but  if  you  think  about  iot  devices,  sometimes  theyre  installed  in  areas  that  are  very  difficult  to  reach,  especially  when  it  comes  to  cameras  and  things  of  that  nature.  so  even  though  theres  a  recall  for  a  vulnerability,  it  doesnt  necessarily  mean  that  you  can  get  all  the  devices  back  quickly  and  back  to  the  manufacturer.  we  suspect  that  at  the  minimum  as  the  manufacturers  become  more  sophisticated  at  the  minimum  they  are  producing  patches  and  updates  because  the  understanding  that  these  could  cause  severe  damage  and  the  need  to  come  up  with  a  strategy
__label__situationalsurveillance as  you  deploy  iot  devices  especially  in  hard  to  reach  places  that  allow  access  in  order  to  perform  those  updates  is  going  to  be  required.  i  think  a  baked  in  strategy  that  involves  update  plan  and  access  to  updates  is  definitely  important  before  rolling  out  any  sort  of  iot  strategy.  yeah,  kevin  here.  it  can  also  be  mitigated  somewhat  by  using  an  iot  device  management  system  that  will  sort  of  sit  on  top  and  manage  the  iot  devices,  ensure  that  theyre  updated.  thats  a  solution  that  the  iot  owners,  the  people  who  own  these  networks  of  iot  devices,  can  undertake
__label__situationalsurveillance themselves.  thats  another  possibility.  great.  we  had  a  question  on  the  carrier  network  side  of  things.  kevin,  in  your  presentation  you  had  mentioned  that  there  are  several  ddos  attack  vectors.  this  person  would  like  to  know  what  recommendations  would  you  provide  to  the  carriers  themselves  in  order  to  mitigate  some  of  the  attacks  filtering  down  to  endusers.  okay.  with  respect  to  ddos  itself  what  we  recommend  at  nokia  is  that  if  you  can  detect  the  devices  that  are  part  of  the  botnet  and  basically  dismantle  the  botnet  before  it  does  the  ddos  attack,  thats  the  most  effective  way  to  mitigate
__label__situationalsurveillance that  threat.  short  of  that,  there  are  a  number  of  ddos  protection  systems  out  there  that  you  can  get  from  a  number  of  different  vendors  to  help  alleviate  that.  a  lot  of  these  werent  really  that  effective  during  the  mirai  outbreak.  it  sort  of  broke  a  lot  of  these  ddosprotection  systems.  early  detection  and  mitigation  i  think  is  the  best  way  to  go  there.  and  this  is  paul.  we  work  very  closely  with  telcos  like  verizon  which  are  doing  a  big  push  in  5g.  actually  the  notion  of  security  being  baked  into  the  wire,  baked  into  connectivity  is  a  big
__label__situationalsurveillance initiative  across  the  telcos  like  verizon.  so  when  you  think  about,  as  kevin  said,  theres  the  ddos  component  which  youre  providing  big  connections  and  big  pipes  to  iot  devices  so  you  want  to  be  able  to  absorb  that  as  close  to  the  carrier  as  possible.  then  the  other  part  of  it  is,  if  we  can  bake  in,  and  this  is  what  theyre  pushing  towards,  the  actual  rules,  the  security  rules,  intrusion  prevention  signatures  and  botnet  signatures  into  the  actual  5g  connectivity  itself,  that  would  ensure  that  no  matter  where  the  devices  are  located,  they  always  have  secure  connections  at  all
__label__situationalsurveillance times.  i  mentioned  a  lot  around  this,  around  cloud  security  in  general.  its  really  the  same  concept  which  is  the  devices  are  connected  in  this  case  wirelessly  to  networks  you  dont  control.  so  being  able  to  apply  security  in  a  consistent  way  thats  always  uptodate  becomes  really  critical  and  actually  its  one  of  the  top  areas  where  we  see  the  breaches  occurring.  okay.  great.  we  have  another  question  in  terms  of  security  tools  from  a  system  perspective.  what  about  the  role  of  artificial  intelligence  and  automated  vulnerability  hunting  and  that  sort  of  thing?  is  this  something  that  is  emerging  in
__label__situationalsurveillance defense  tools  as  we  go  forward  to  5g  rollouts?  this  is  paul.  yeah,  actually  there  have  been  huge  advancements.  ai  plays  a  critical  role  in  a  few  ways.  one  is  in  the  transfer  of  malicious  content.  so  if  you  think  about  malware  today  using  signature  based  techniques  which  they  change  almost  immediately  on  a  file  to  file  basis  where  you  cannot  detect  the  file  as  malware  using  a  traditional  pattern,  using  ai  in  that  area  as  well  as  signaturebased  tools.  the  same  goes  for  the  analytics  component,  ai  around  botnets,  patterns  and  callbacks,  and  things  of  that  nature.  and  then
__label__situationalsurveillance lastly  in  terms  of  the  rules  the  get  applied,  just  anomalous  behaviors  in  terms  of  larger  volumes  than  normal  as  these  iot  devices  get  auto  profiled.  but  in  order  to  scale  and  apply  security  in  a  world  where  everythings  connected,  ai  is  actually  critical.  theres  no  amount  of  human  horsepower  that  can  actually  condense  and  compile  the  needed  information  into  meaningful  results.  yeah,  thats  an  excellent  point.  at  nokia,  we  actually  got  our  bell  labs  people  working  on  ai  to  handle  that  iot  deviceprofiling  so  that  we  can  automatically  tell  when  the  device  misbehaves,  we  can  flag  that  and  we
__label__situationalsurveillance know  that  right  away.  so  that  thats  the  sort  of  a  thing  that  were  actively  working  on  at  the  moment  and  i  think  its  very  important.  okay  guys.  well,  we  only  have  a  few  minutes  left  so  i  wanted  to  give  you  each  an  opportunity  to  have  a  wrapup  statement,  the  biggest  takeaway  from  our  discussion  today.  kevin,  if  you  want  to  start,  and  maybe  paul  and  then  alan  to  wrap  it  up.  sure.  i  think  my  main  takeaways  were  the  fact  that  and  its  vulnerable,  then  its  going  to  be  hacked  very  quickly.  so  the  key  thing  from  my
__label__situationalsurveillance focus  and  security  is  make  sure  its  not  vulnerable,  which  means  the  secure  patching  and  management,  and  then  make  sure  you  can  protect  it  from  visibility  using  network  segmentation  or  whatever,  that  is  a  real  plus  too.  so  i  think  thats  my  takeaway  from  this.  and  the  main  takeaway,  this  is  paul,  is  that  the  world  the  perimeters  changed.  with  the  5g  world  its  all  wireless,  so  the  devices  are  connected  from  anywhere  and  they  have  a  volume  of  data  that  can  be  transferred  between  these  devices  like  never  before.  so  that  means  that  when  you  think  about  data  hijacking,
__label__situationalsurveillance records  and  things  of  that  nature,  they  can  be  used  as  vehicles  to  access  critical  servers  and  critical  data.  so  really,  thinking  holistically  about  the  security  challenge  in  a  different  way  which  is  not  focused  on  protecting  of  physical  four  walls  or  physical  servers  and  things  of  that  nature  to  a  world  where  things  are  not  only  iot  and  of  all  types,  but  also  connected  from  anywhere  with  large  connections.  so  being  able  to  apply  the  needed  network  security  elements  to  that  connectivity  and  in  a  way  that  applies  to  all  the  devices  consistently  wherever  theyre  located.  and  then  ensuring
__label__situationalsurveillance that  these  smart  devices  and  smart  iot  receive  continuous  patches  and  the  things  that  are  needed  to  prevent  hijacking  in  the  future  is  going  to  be  very  critical  coming  in  the  future  here.  i  think  kevin  was  saying  that  if  the  device  is  visible  and  vulnerable,  then  its  going  to  be  attacked.  i  completely  agree  with  that.  and  paul  was  saying  that  the  perimeter  has  changed.  i  think  in  many  cases  there  really  is  the  concept  of  a  perimeter  really  doesnt  even  exist  anymore.  the  devices  are  out  in  the  field.  so  they  are  going  to  be  visible,  if  not
__label__situationalsurveillance through  just  your  standard  ip  address  searching,  they  are  physically  accessible  to  attackers.  with  those  changes,  it  really  is  critical  that  we  dont  rely  on  the  perimeter  and  that  we  build  security  into  the  device,  that  we  have  strong  identification  of  the  device,  strong  ids  in  the  device,  strong  secure  boot  solutions  in  the  device,  that  we  really  ensure  that  the  device  is  hardened,  protected  from  being  attacked,  and  again  that  we  have  those  strong  identities  so  that  we  can  ensure  that  the  device  is  really  who  we  think  it  is  and  that  when  its  talking  to  another  device  or
__label__situationalsurveillance the  cloud  service  that  you  can  do  the  mutual  authentication  required.  the  fundamentals  of  device  security  are  just  growing  more  and  more  important  as  we  move  forward.  okay,  great.  okay  guys.  well,  i  think  were  going  to  have  to  leave  it  here.  i  would  like  to  thank  all  of  our  panelists.  you  guys  were  great.  kevin,  paul,  alan,  i  really  appreciate  your  time  today.  thank  you  for  joining  us.  if  anybody  had  questions  that  they  did  not  get  answered  or  that  they  think  about  later  that  they  would  like  to  have  answered,  this  is  my  email  address  tarasealsthreatpost.  please  go
__label__situationalsurveillance ahead  and  feel  free  to  shoot  me  a  line  any  time.  tv  takeover,  privacy  threats,  botnet  concerns  and  wifi  network  compromise  are  all  big  concerns  when  it  comes  to  connected  tvs.  dns,  rogue  employees  and  phishing/social  engineering  should  be  top  of  the  list  of  threat  areas  for  organizations  to  address.  a  newlydiscovered  peertopeer  p2p  botnet  has  been  found  targeting  a  remote  code  execution  vulnerability  in  linux  webmin  servers.  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  threatpost  today  join  thousands  of  people  who  receive  the  latest  breaking  cybersecurity  news  every  day.  hundreds  of  thousands  of  phone  bills  for  att,  verizon
__label__situationalsurveillance and  tmobile  subscribers  were  exposed  to  anyone  with  2  hours  ago  threatpost  today  get  the  latest  breaking  news  delivered  daily  to  your  inbox.  infosec  insider  content  is  written  by  a  trusted  community  of  threatpost  cybersecurity  subject  matter  experts.  each  contribution  has  a  goal  of  bringing  a  unique  voice  to  important  cybersecurity  topics.  content  strives  to  be  of  the  highest  quality,  objective  and  noncommercial.  sponsored  content  is  paid  for  by  an  advertiser.  sponsored  content  is  written  and  edited  by  members  of  our  sponsor  community.  this  content  creates  an  opportunity  for  a  sponsor  to  provide  insight  and  commentary  from  their  pointofview  directly
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  parking,  cellularenabled  video  surveillance,  cellular  iot  device  triggering  and  device  management  will  be  amongst  the  demos  :  how  ,  the  global  internet  of  things  iot  standard,  can  be  used  to  support  new  and  emerging  use  cases  in  the  5g  era  will  be  demonstrated  at  etsi  iot  week  2019  this  week,  where  the  latest  realworld  iot  deployments  across  the  industry  will  be  showcased.  the  event,  which  is  taking  place  at  the  etsi  headquarters,  in  sophia  antipolis,  france,  from  today  until  friday,  october  25,  will  see  leaders  from  ,  ,  ,  laboratory  for  analysis  and  architecture  of  systems  ,  ,  ,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  gather  to  present  a  range  of  iotbased  use  cases  which  leverage  the  onem2m  standard,  designed  to  provide  nextgeneration  services.  as  global  adoption  of  the  iot  continues  to  grow  at  exponential  rate,  more  and  more  innovative  use  cases  are  emerging  to  market,  said  roland  hechwartner,  technical  plenary  chair  at  onem2m.  this  is  only  set  to  grow  as  5g  comes  to  fruition  across  the  globe,  which  is  why  standardised  iot  frameworks  are  critical  as  we  approach  the  ultraconnected  era  which  is  looming  upon  us.  at  etsi  iot  week,  more  than  250  iot  experts  will  come  together  to  showcase  and  witness  reallife
__label__situationalsurveillance implementations  of  standard  based  technologies  of  the  onem2m  standard  and  saref  communication  networks  e.g.  3gpp  cellular  5g  being  applied  to  iot  services.  the  event  is  perfectly  positioned  to  showcase  these  innovations,  highlighting  what  is  possible  when  innovation  is  matched  with  interoperability,  added  hechwartner.  :  smartdtv  global  will  exhibit  how  an  iot  video  edge  platform  can  enable  cellular  connectivity  for  any  legacy  or  new  cctv  cameras,  as  well  as  how  a  dedicated  edge  gateway  can  provide  all  required  features  from  connectivity,  edge  management  and  cyber  security.  :  the  joint  demonstration  by  chordant  and  definition  networks  will  showcase  the  integration  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance onem2m  basediot  platform  with  a  scef  solution  that  provides  valueadded  services  for  iot  devices  leveraging  3gpp  networks  and  core  services.  :  presented  by  orange  and  chordant,  the  demo  will  show  a  proposal  for  a  device  management  dm  abstraction  layer  based  on  onem2m  and  sdt  in  action.  this  will  highlight  the  benefit  of  introducing  dm  capabilities  within  sdt,  which  is  essential  to  introducing  new  capabilities  and  use  cases.  :  laasnrs  will  present  a  new  onem2m  stack  which  has  been  created  in  laascnrs  labs  for  constrained  devices  and  gateways  and  for  future  5g  connections  called  lom2m.  several  use  cases  will  show  resources
__label__situationalsurveillance and  functionalities  implemented.  :  pilot  things  will  highlight  how  its  plugplay  feature  works  with  onem2m  on  ltem  networks  to  enable  cities  and  industrial  operators  to  leverage  iot  data  to  create  their  centralised  repository.  :  easy  global  market  will  showcase  the  interconnection  of  sensor  devices  with  ltem  connectivity  with  onem2ms  incse  endpoint  through  a  5gbased  deployment  of  a  mncse  endpoint.  the  demo  will  also  highlight  how  entries  made  by  endusers  can  be  viewed  in  realtime.  :  cttc  will  demonstrate  how  the  upcoming  5g  network  will  support  network  functions  virtualization  management  and  orchestration  nfv  mano  for  instantiating  network  services,  including  core  network
__label__situationalsurveillance components,  iot  backend  services,  and  wireless  software  defined  network  sdn  controllers  as  virtual  network  functions  vnf.  :  presented  by  chordant,  the  demo  will  cover  conformance  testing  of  onem2m  devices.  the  goal  of  the  use  case  is  to  provide  device  manufacturers  with  a  blueprint  for  creating  their  own  conformance  onem2m  ready  device.  :  keti  will  demonstrate  how  the  onem2m  platform  can  gather  data  to  provide  parking  slot  recommendations  based  on  parking  occupancy  and  congestion  data.  for  more  information  on  etsi  iot  week  2019  and  onem2ms  involvement,  please  visit:  .  for  more  information  on  onem2m,  please  visit:  .  onem2m  is  the  global
__label__situationalsurveillance standards  initiative  that  covers  requirements,  architecture,  api  specifications,  security  solutions  and  interoperability  for  machinetomachine  and  iot  technologies.  onem2m  was  formed  in  2012  and  consists  of  eight  of  the  worlds  preeminent  standards  development  organizations:  arib  japan,  atis  u.s.,  ccsa  china,  etsi  europe,  tia  u.s.,  tsdsi  india,  tta  korea,  and  ttc  japan,  together  with  industry  fora  or  consortia  globalplatform  and  over  200  member  organizations.  onem2m  specifications  provide  a  framework  to  support  applications  and  services  such  as  the  smart  grid,  connected  car,  home  automation,  public  safety,  and  health.  onem2m  actively  encourages  industry  associations  and  forums  with  specific  application  requirements  to  participate  in  onem2m,
__label__situationalsurveillance add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  here  we  are  going  to  detect  the  sound  of  the  surrounding  using  the  sensor,  which  is  being  continuously  uploaded  to  an  iot  platform.  read  up  about  this  project  on  here  we  are  going  to  detect  the  sound  of  the  surrounding  using  the  sensor,  which  is  being  continuously  uploaded  to  an  iot  platform.  the  sound  sensor  can  detect  the  sound  strength  of  the  environment.  the  main  component  of  the  module  is  a  simple  microphone  and  lm393  level  converter  chip.  the  sensor  can  provide  both  digital  as  well  as  analog  output.  i  am  just  showing
__label__situationalsurveillance the  iotsens  sound  sensor  is  able  to  record  noise  levels,  due  to  its  integrated  microphone.  it  is  able  to  analyze  the  surrounding  ambient  sound  in  the  audible  frequency  spectrum  for  the  human  ear,  showing  collected  data  in  dba.  this  information  is  essential  in  spaces  with  high  levels  of  noise  pollution  or  with  restrictions  on  noise  levels.  the  sensor  registers  information  of  sound  level  on  a  specific  time  measurements  each  predetermined  interval  of  time  or  continuous  levels  reached  during  a  period  of  time  in  the  area  in  which  it  is  located.  furthermore,  it  provides  an  analysis  classified  in  percentile  and  absolute
__label__situationalsurveillance maximum,  allowing  the  user  to  control  the  acoustic  levels  of  a  neighbourhood,  factory,  etc.  and  to  proceed  with  its  improvement  by  taking  the  necessary  actions.  the  sensor  registers  information  of  sound  level  on  a  specific  time  measurements  each  predetermined  interval  of  time  or  continuous  levels  reached  during  a  period  of  time  in  the  area  in  which  it  is  located.  along  with  this,  it  provides  an  analysis  classified  in  percentile  and  absolute  maximum,  allowing  the  user  to  control  the  acoustic  levels  of  a  neighbourhood,  factory,  etc.  and  to  proceed  with  its  improvement  by  taking  the  necessary  actions.  www.iotsens.com  designed  by  powered
__label__situationalsurveillance sound  detecting  sensors  have  a  number  of  security  related  applications  such  as:  the  sparkfun  sound  detector  is  a  compact  board  with  a  microphone  which  converts  sound  energy  into  electrical  energy.  the  detector  provides  three  outputs  in  the  form  of  an  analogue  output  of  pitch  labelled  audio  output,  binary  output  to  indicate  the  presence  of  sound.  and  an  analogue  representation  of  the  amplitude  called  envelope  output.  the  sound  detector  comes  with  a  moderate  sensitivity  but  we  can  change  it  according  to  our  specific  requirement  by  adding  a  through  hole  resistor  to  alter  the  gain.  you  will  need  the  following:  hardware  configuration
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  sound  detector.  specifications:  working  voltage:  3.5  5.5  v  outputs:  audio  output,  envelope  output  and  binary  output.  pins  on  module  five:  vcc  /  gnd  /  gate  /  envelope  /  audio  onboard  leds  red  led,  on  when  sound  is  detected.  dimensions:  2.4cm  x  4.4cm  x  1  cm  also  read:  a  basic  functionality  test  for  a  basic  functionality  test  of  the  sound  detector,  simply  connect  it  this  way.  sound  detector  ?  esp8266  thing  gnd  ?  gnd.  vcc  ?  3v3.  in  a  quiet  room,  power  the  board  up,  and  then  speak  or  preferably  play  some  music  close  to  the  microphone.  you  should
__label__situationalsurveillance see  the  red  led  on  the  sound  detector  board  and  the  esp8266  thing  blink  in  response  to  the  sound.  sound  detector  functionality  test  we  can  now  test  the  board  functionality:  using  blynk  to  switch  turn  on  and  off  the  sensor,  to  get  the  output  readings  of  the  presence  of  sound  and  the  measurement  of  amplitude  or  pitch  depending  on  the  hardware  setup,  as  discussed  in  the  instructions  below  on  blynk.  we  will  use  the  following  hardware  hookup  to  do  so.  hardware  setup  instructions;  arduino  sketch  for  this  particular  sensor,  no  special  library  is  needed.  in  arduino  ide,  open  a  new
__label__situationalsurveillance sketch,  compile  and  upload  the  following  code:  following  is  a  brief  explanation  of  this  code:  line  1:  is  necessary  to  work  with  the  sensor  anything  connected  to  sda/scl  pins  line  23:  these  are  header  files  for  the  esp8266  wifi  shield  and  blynk  line  4:  defines  pin  4  as  pingatein  line  8:  helps  identify  the  blynk  app  using  auth  token  code  of  the  created  project.  line  1112:  provides  necessary  wifihotspot  name  and  corresponding  password  for  wifi  module  to  connect  to  the  device.  setup  code:  passes  the  necessary  information  to  blynk  to  make  connection  and  sets  pin  4  as  input.  line  21:
__label__situationalsurveillance defines  virtual  led  on  blynk  v0  as  led1  loop  code:  connects  to  blynk  and  reading  the  pin  4  decides  to  on  or  off  the  virtual  led  on  blynk,  from  widget  box,  add  a  button.  this  is  to  turn  the  sensor  on  and  off.  to  get  the  gate  output  on  blynk,  from  widget  box,  add  an  led.  name  it  as  gateoutput  and  select  virtual  v0  pin.  to  plot  graph  of  amplitude  over  time,  from  widget  box  in  blynk,  select  graph  from  menu,  name  it  as  amplitude,  set  input  to  adc0  and  reading  frequency  to  250ms.  the  output  we  got  is  shown
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  picture  above  on  the  right.  to  plot  graph  of  pitch  over  time,  change  the  hardware  connection  as  described  in  the  hardware  setup  above  and  from  the  widget  box  in  blynk,  select  graph  from  menu,  name  it  as  pitch,  set  input  to  adc0  and  reading  frequency  to  250ms  as  before.  the  experiment  was  done  to  check  the  output  from  the  audio  gate  and  envelope.  also  button,  virtual  led  and  graph  widgets  on  blynk.
__label__situationalsurveillance add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  this  iot  device  can  detect  defined  frequencies,  for  example  from  beepers.  it  sends  a  message  to  your  smartphone.  project  showcase  by  this  iot  device  can  detect  defined  frequencies,  for  example  from  beepers.  it  sends  a  message  to  your  smartphone.  www.projects4arduino.de  follow  and  contact  for  more  information  please  or  to  comment.  and  2  others  a  touch  sensor  pad  with  sound  sensor  controlling  ac/  dc  lights.  project  showcase  by  just  a  basic  sound  sensor  activated  leds  with  an  optional  lcd  for  sound  level  data.  strobe  light  effect  at  around  8:45  minute  mark  project  tutorial  by
__label__situationalsurveillance time  to  monitor  your  goods  using  our  system  get  realtime  updates,  so  you  can  buy  what  you  want.  project  tutorial  by  were  showing  how  to  use  ky038  sound  sensor  using  arduino.  you  can  control  led  by  clap  with  the  help  of  arduino  and  sound  sensor.  by  ever  asked  how  to  control  any  device  from  any  place  in  the  world?  in  this  tutorial,  well  learn  how  to  control  things  wirelessly  over  wifi.  project  tutorial  by  use  your  android  smartphone  to  open  and  close  your  garage  door  reliably  under  development  project  in  progress  by  powered  by
__label__situationalsurveillance this  smart  sound  detector  application  is  part  of  a  series  of  howto  internet  of  things  iot  code  sample  exercises  using  the  intel  iot  developer  kit  and  a  compatible  intel  iot  platform,  cloud  platforms,  apis,  and  other  technologies.  this  code  sample  is  available  in  c,  java,  javascript,  and  python.  from  this  exercise,  developers  will  learn  how  to:
__label__situationalsurveillance we  recommend  upgrading  to  the  latest  or  .  branch:  this  smart  sound  detector  application  is  part  of  a  series  of  howto  internet  of  things  iot  code  sample  exercises  using  the  intel  iot  developer  kit  and  a  compatible  intelbased  platform,  cloud  platforms,  apis,  and  other  technologies.  from  this  exercise,  developers  will  learn  how  to:  available  in:  using  a  compatible  intelbased  platform,  this  project  lets  you  create  a  smart  loudness  detector  system  that:  this  sound  detector  monitor  uses  the  sensor  to  constantly  keep  track  of  the  decibel  level  in  a  room.  every  100  ms  the  sensor  finds  the  average  sound  samples  and
__label__situationalsurveillance prints  them  to  the  lcd  screen.  optionally,  data  can  be  stored  using  your  own  microsoft  azure,  ibm  bluemix,  att  m2x,  aws,  predix,  or  sap  account.  for  all  the  samples  in  this  repository,  see  the  for  required  boards  and  libraries.  in  addition  to  using  a  compatible  platform  listed  in  ,  here  is  additional  hardware  you  will  need  to  run  this  example  this  sample  can  be  used  with  either  grove  or  dfrobot  components.  grove:  dfrobot:  you  need  to  have  a  grove  shield  connected  to  an  arduinocompatible  breakout  board  to  plug  all  the  grove  devices  into  the  grove  shield.  make  sure  you  have
__label__situationalsurveillance the  tiny  vcc  switch  on  the  grove  shield  set  to  .  you  need  to  have  a  lcd  keypad  shield  connected  to  an  arduinocompatible  breakout  board  to  plug  all  the  dfrobot  devices  into  the  lcd  keypad  shield.  important  notice:  this  software  is  sample  software.  it  is  not  designed  or  intended  for  use  in  any  medical,  lifesaving  or  lifesustaining  systems,  transportation  systems,  nuclear  systems,  or  for  any  other  missioncritical  application  in  which  the  failure  of  the  system  could  lead  to  critical  injury  or  death.  the  software  may  not  be  fully  tested  and  may  contain  bugs  or  errors;  it  may  not  be  intended
__label__situationalsurveillance contact  a  noise  monitoring  expert  today  at  not  seeing  yourself  here?  on  who  we  work  with.  parties,  unruly  guest,  and  noise  issues  false  complaints  costly  damage  fines  regulation  reputation  or  neighbor  issues  smart  home  noise  detection  sensors  monitoring  system  for  privacy  safe  protection  on  your  property.  only  199  99.00  requires  indoor  sensor  calculate  the  ideal  number  of  sensors  for  your  propertys  select  your  subscription  plan  from  our  options  sensors  shipped  fast  directly  to  you  for  set  up  easy  install  with  our  mobile  app  your  properties  are  monitored  24/7  for  noise  issues  more  than  one  property?  on  how  we  can  customize
__label__situationalsurveillance a  plan  for  you.  noiseaware  is  the  first  and  only  smart  home  tech  device  with  a  microphone  that  does  not  record  audio.  your  guests  privacy  is  our  first  priority.  manage  all  of  your  properties  in  one  place.  from  your  dashboard  you  have  instant  insights,  searchable  events,  direct  messaging  to  guests  the  ability  to  sync  reservation  data.  peace  of  mind  in  your  pocket.  quickly  check  in  on  your  properties  via  the  noiseaware  mobile  app.  receive  alerts  while  on  the  go.  you  customize  the  settings  noiseaware  monitors  your  property  so  you  dont  have  to.  the  security  you  need  to  protect  your  property
__label__situationalsurveillance from  noise  issues  other  potential  threats.  with  noiseaware,  hindsight  is  20/20.  access  you  properties  historical  noise  level  data  from  the  beginning  of  time.  theres  no  climate  too  tough  for  noiseaware.  monitor  any  area  of  your  property,  whether  that  be  indoors,  outside  at  your  desert  property  or  by  the  hot  tub  in  the  snow  covered  mountains.  download  our  app  and  plug  in  your  indoor  sensor,  connect  to  wifi  and  youre  all  set  its  that  easy.  you  can  be  anywhere,  anytime  and  quickly  resolve  any  noise  issues  at  your  property  to  prevent  a  bigger  issue  from  happening.  24/7  property  monitoring  protects  from
__label__situationalsurveillance neighbors  noise  complaints  manage  all  of  your  properties  in  one  place  save  time  and  cost  not  seeing  yourself  here?  on  who  we  work  with.  40  states  16  countries  saved  by  monitoring  with  noiseaware  if  vacation  rental  owners  would  have  to  list  out  their  biggest  fears,  bad  guests,  parties,  and  thousands  of...  building  a  brand  webinar  we  are  all  in  an  industry  where  we  get  to  make  our  own  rules...  what  is  noise  monitoring  and  why  is  it  essential?  have  you  ever  wondered  how  you  can  rest  assured...  sign  up  to  receive  developing  news  and  alerts  on  protecting  rental  properties.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__situationalsurveillance search  by  ,  steve  pattersons  observations  and  writing  are  based  on  his  20  years  of  experience  working  in  the  primordial  ooze  of  startups  in  boston  and  the  san  francisco  bay  area.  the  internet  of  things  dirty  little  secret  is  the  cost  of  deployment.  for  example,  adding  a  lowcost  motion  sensor  and  radio  to  a  traffic  light  to  count  passing  vehicles  before  it  leaves  the  factory  is  easy  and  inexpensive.  the  incremental  cost  of  deployment  is  near  zero,  especially  if  lowpower  widearea  network  lpwan  coverage  or  other  lowcost  communications  coverage  is  available.  but  retrofitting  the  traffic  light  with  sensors  and  radios
__label__situationalsurveillance will  cost  the  municipality  a  public  works  truck  roll,  a  crew,  an  electrician  and  a  police  traffic  detail.  retrofits  are  expensive.  retrofitting  the  world  for  iot  is  a  data  science  and  a  sensor  engineering  task  to  study  the  iot  problem  and  find  the  simplest  way  to  acquire  the  data.  the  question  for  the  data  scientist  is  what  minimum  data  resolution  will  provide  the  desired  result:  how  many  sensors  per  unit  of  area  and  how  many  readings  per  time  interval  are  necessary  to  solve  the  problem?  the  engineer  must  trade  off  sensor  costs,  radio  costs  and  network  availability,  and  power  consumption
__label__situationalsurveillance versus  available  power  sources.  a  winning  team,  ,  at  the  that  the  mit  media  lab  sponsored  entirely  avoided  the  cost  of  sensor  deployment.  they  used  background  sounds  to  give  visually  impaired  and  the  visually  and  hearingimpaired  people  accurate  navigation  by  recognizing  the  sounds  and  reporting  the  location  of  places,  such  as  cafes,  post  office,  atm,  etc.,  to  the  user,  cleverly  avoiding  retrofitting  large  areas  with  bluetooth  beacons.  the  around  app  uses  google  arcore,  fusing  sound,  camera  and  geolocation  data.  there  is  no  cost  of  deployment  because  nearly  everyone  has  a  smartphone.  user  requirements  were  defined  and  tested  by  visually  impaired
__label__situationalsurveillance team  member  sunish  gupta.  :  as  the  user  walks,  gps  data  combined  with  arcore  cameras  machine  learningbased  object  recognition  technology,  senses  the  surroundings  and  records  the  sounds  of  objects  and  locations  on  the  users  path.  the  sounds  are  geofenced  to  an  area,  meaning  the  sound  is  tagged  to  the  location.  :  as  the  user  walks  a  path,  around  creates  a  trail  of  sounds  air  conditioners,  doors  opening  and  closing,  caf  conversations,  etc.  making  it  possible  to  retrace  the  path  by  following  the  audio  breadcrumbs.  after  the  geofenced  sound  has  been  acquired,  the  sound  plays  as  the  user  approaches  the  object
__label__situationalsurveillance or  place  of  interest,  gaining  in  volume  as  the  user  nears  the  point  of  interest.  the  sounds  are  anchored  to  the  real  world,  accurately  tracking  the  users  position.  arcore  spatializes  the  sound  in  three  dimensions.  sounds  present  differently,  depending  on  the  listeners  position  and  orientation  to  the  sound.  the  arcore  3d  sound  machine  learning  model  authentically  recreates  the  sound  to  match  the  users  position.  hearing  impaired  people  could  hear  the  sound  through  the  vibration  of  a  haptic  device,  such  as  the  ,  or  even  the  vibration  of  a  mobile  phone.  :  sounds  from  a  library  of  audio  files  could  be
__label__situationalsurveillance linked  to  locations  using  a  web  application,  similar  to  posting  photos  to  a  location  on  google  maps.  this  creates  a  sound  pin  on  the  map  that  is  triggered  when  the  user  approaches  the  location.  using  sound  pins,  a  meeting  location  with  a  visually  impaired  person  could  be  set.  drop  an  audio  file  at  the  meeting  location  to  set  the  location  to  make  it  accessible  for  a  visually  impaired  person.  there  is  also  a  social  multiplier  similar  to  photos  added  by  users  to  google  maps.  a  repository  of  geolocations  and  sounds  could  create  a  highresolution  landscape  of  sounds  for  navigation  and
__label__situationalsurveillance other  purposes.  the  around  development  team  wants  to  take  this  minimally  viable  product  mvp  into  a  fullscale  platform  for  different  user  types,  not  just  the  visually  impaired,  for  navigation  and  for  the  unimpaired  to  engage  in  fun  everyday  experience  using  the  acquired  sound  landscape.  the  platform  would  use  google  arcore  and/or  apple  arkit,  both  machine  learningbased  development  tools,  to  use  augmented  sound  for  spatial  direction.  the  team  anandana  kapur,  dhara  bhavsar,  sunish  gupta,  vedant  sarant  and  maxym  nesmashny  would  like  the  project  to  gain  the  support  of  open  source  contributors.  contributors  interested  in  assistive  technologies  can  find  the  .  some
__label__situationalsurveillance future  development  ideas  discussed  with  the  developers  include  adding  a  machine  learning  model  to  identify  and  categorize  sound.  like  machine  learning  can  categorize  people  and  objects  in  images,  a  machine  learning  model  could  identify  and  categorize  the  objects  and  locations  represented  by  sounds.  crowd  sourcing  geofenced  sounds  is  another.  people  who  want  to  contribute  geofenced  sounds  could  run  a  background  app  on  their  phones  to  collect  them,  like  the  5  million  users  who  contribute  spare  compute  cycles  to  the  project  to  search  for  extraterrestrial  intelligence.  the  fields  of  iot  augmented  reality  and  machine  learning  are  inextricably  linked  and  are  likely
__label__situationalsurveillance to  become  subfields.  i  considered  them  discrete  fields  until  i  attended  the  last  january.  it  was  a  firehouse  of  ted  conferencestyle  short  talks  by  practitioners  and  researchers  and  multidisciplinary  panels  from  farranging  fields  such  as  surgery  and  architecture.  prior  to  the  summit,  i  categorized  iot  as  ubiquitous  sensor  networks,  ar  to  be  holographic  headsets  like  the  hololens,  and  machine  learning  as  natural  language  processing  and  image  recognition.  at  the  end  of  the  conference,  it  was  clear  that  those  are  closely  related  tools.  any  machine  that  gives  context  augments  reality.  it  could  be  a  holographic  headset  that  projects  3d  virtual  objects
__label__situationalsurveillance into  reality,  but  it  could  be  a  haptic  band  that  reacts  to  the  environment  or  an  app  like  around  that  uses  iot,  machine  learning  and  ar.  the  definition  of  iot  should  become  narrower  and  broader.  one  day,  the  internet  of  everything  will  come,  but  only  after  every  product  is  designed  with  sensors  that  feed  the  vision  of  derived  context  and  understanding  of  every  point  in  the  physical  world.  this  vision  is  impossible  to  achieve  without  billions  of  truck  rolls  making  it  economically  infeasible.  clever  avoidance  of  truck  rolls  during  this  retrofit  stage  of  iot  to  minimize  or  entirely  eliminate  retrofitting
__label__situationalsurveillance the  world  with  sensors  will  provide  the  derived  context  and  understanding  of  most  of  the  physical  world.  steven  max  patterson  lives  in  boston  and  san  francisco  where  he  follows  and  writes  about  trends  in  software  development  platforms,  mobile,  iot,  wearables  and  next  generation  television.  his  writing  is  influenced  by  his  20  years  experience  covering  or  working  in  the  primordial  ooze  of  tech  startups.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__situationalsurveillance annesophie  moretti  international  junior  project  manager,  france  and  colleen  fahey  managing  director,  usa  analyze  why  the  internet  of  things  is  now  powered  by  an  internet  of  sound.  it  connects  people  to  things  and  then  things  to  other  things  without  need  of  human  interaction.  these  smart,  connected  productsmade  possible  by  vast  improvements  in  processing  power  and  device  miniaturization  and  by  the  network  benefits  of  ubiquitous  wireless  connectivityhave  unleashed  a  new  era  of  competition.  the  powerful  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  not  only  reshape  competition  within  an  industry,  but  they  can  expand  the  very  definition  of  the  industry  itself.  the  competitive  boundaries
__label__situationalsurveillance of  an  industry  widen  to  encompass  a  set  of  related  products  that  together  meet  a  broader  underlying  need.  1  well,  a  new  innovation  has  started  called  the  internet  of  sound  which  shows  the  extent  to  which  sound  can  help  in  connecting  things  and  facilitate  communication  between  them.
__label__situationalsurveillance prices  in  this  example  shows  how  to  use  a  sound  detector  module.  the  sound  detector  module  has  three  pins.  connect  5v  to  5v  on  arduino.  connect  gnd  to  gnd  on  arduino.  connect  out  to  digital  pin  2.  99.95  6.45  5.95  5.95  4.45  using  a  generic  stm32  board  with  arduinoif  you  havent  got  one  already,  you  can  this  example  shows  how  to  use  a  lowcost  sim800l  gsm/gps  module  to  send  an  sms  this  blog  entry  is  quick  outline  of  using  mqtt  with  a  messagebroker  to  copyright  2019  .  all  rights  reserved.  oddwires  all  prices  are  in  .
__label__situationalsurveillance ashwini  kumar  sinha  noise  pollution  is  a  growing  problem  in  modern  cities,  thanks  to  rapid  population  growth,  urbanisation  and  new  technologies.  moreover,  at  times,  a  noisy  neighbour  or  coworker  can  drive  you  crazy  and  affect  your  wellbeing.  talking  loudly  is  an  annoying  habit  in  an  office  environment.  having  a  loud  coworker  can  distract  us  from  our  work  and  harm  our  productivity.  to  help  solve  this  problem,  we  bring  to  you  today  a  noise  detector  with  automatic  recording  system.  this  device  notifies  users  whenever  it  detects  loud  noise  when  the  sound  crosses  certain  limits,  as  well  as  it  automatically  records  the
__label__situationalsurveillance sound  and  saves  this  recorded  sound  in  a  file.  this  noise  detector  system  can  be  used  in  library,  office  and  classroom  environments  to  identify  noisy  people  so  that  necessary  action  can  be  taken  against  them.  to  build  this  device,  we  need  to  first  collect  a  few  components.  first,  we  will  initialise  the  different  variables  in  our  code  to  store  values  and  pin  numbers  and  then  include  the  software  serial  library.  after  this,  we  will  set  the  pin  modes  for  the  arduino  pins  and  the  baud  rate  for  bluetooth.  following  this,  we  will  set  a  loop  function  where  we  will  create
__label__situationalsurveillance an  if  condition  that  checks  the  incoming  number  from  bluetooth.  this  number  is  used  for  setting  the  threshold  level  for  noise  sensor.  then  the  loop  function  jumps  to  other  function  i.e.  sensor  that  collects  the  average  sensor  data  refer  fig  1.  in  sensor  function,  we  will  create  a  for  loop  that  collects  the  sensor  data  until  the  for  loop  ends  up  to  160  times  and  calculates  the  average  of  the  collected  data.  after  that  an  if  condition  checks  the  average,  if  the  average  value  is  greater  that  the  threshold  value  then  it  sends  the  value  to  an  app  that  we
__label__situationalsurveillance are  going  to  make  in  next  part  refer  fig  3.  we  are  going  to  use  the  for  creating  our  app.  in  the  first  part,  we  need  to  create  a  layout  and  add  the  following  components  after  that  join  the  code  blocks  according  to  fig  4  .  now  connect  all  the  components  as  illustrated  below  refer  fig  6.  now,  power  the  arduino  and  connect  the  bluetooth  with  your  app.  after  successful  connection,  you  can  test  it  by  making  loud  noises.  when  your  sound  level  crosses  the  threshold  value,  the  noise  detector  device  will  buzz  to  notify  about  it  and  at  the
__label__situationalsurveillance same  time  the  app  will  start  recording  the  sound  and  it  will  go  on  recording  until  the  noise  level  comes  down  below  the  threshold  level.  refer  fig  7.  the  project  idea  is  nice.  but  when  i  create  the  app  it  is  not  working.  i  have  also  used  the  app  provided  by  you.  could  you  please  help  me  yes  ,why  not  what  problem  are  you  facing  can  you  elaborate.  its  showing  bad  argument  errorhow  do  i  solve  it?  try  to  set  hint  text  in  some  number  like  zero  in  text  box  that  compare  text.if  still  give  same  error  send  me  the
__label__situationalsurveillance whole  error  details  whenever  im  connecting  the  app  to  the  arduino,  it  shows  the  error  cannot  accept  bad  arguments  059.  hi,  im  interested  in  building  this  project,  so  could  you  please  tell  me  the  specific  parts  that  were  used  besides  the  arduino  nano,  so  i  can  buy  them  and  create  this  project.  also  if  u  could  email  me  a  picture  of  the  actual  setup  that  would  also  be  really  helpful.  thanks  hi,  my  group  would  like  to  make  this  project  for  a  course,  so  could  you  please  advise  what  specific  parts  were  used  so  it  would  be  easier  to  buy
__label__situationalsurveillance them.  also  if  you  could  provide  a  picture  of  the  setup  it  would  be  really  helpful.  thanks  hello,  my  group  and  i  would  like  to  build  your  project,  so  please  let  us  know  what  the  specific  part  models  were  that  were  used  besides  the  arduino  nano  so  it  is  easy  to  buy  them,  also  a  picture  of  the  setup  would  really  help  us  as  well.  thanks  you  can  easily  buy  the  arduino  nano  from  online  store  or  from  kits  n  spare.  and  other  parts  required  are  :  loudness  sensor  /  sound  sensor  and  bluetooth  hc  05  all  of  these  are
__label__situationalsurveillance vape  detection  sound  detection  air  quality  monitoring  chemical  detection  halo  has  12  unique  detection  sensors  that  work  in  conjunction  to  detect  a  multitude  of  measurements  with  unlimited  customization.  its  the  only  vape  detector  that  detects  thc  oil  halo  was  built  with  air  flow  in  mind  the  units  design  allows  the  sensors  to  pick  up  harmful  chemicals  faster  halo  is  a  security  product,  not  a  web  app  so  you  wont  have  any  annual  cloud  fees  halo  connects  directly  to  your  security  monitor  and  vms  no  need  for  separate  applications  ipvideo  corporation  will  provide  support  for  your  grant  and  aid  applications.  we
__label__situationalsurveillance have  actually  had  a  high  percentage  of  success  rate  with  actually  finding  the  vapes  when  we  get  the  notification  and  are  able  to  address  it  in  a  timely  manner,  i  want  a  kid  to  make  a  conscientious  decision,  is  this  decision  worth  this?  if  i  get  discovered  with  this,  is  it  truly  worth  it.  i  can  say  this  very  simply,  the  halo  sensors  have  completely  eliminated  vaping  in  the  restrooms  and  locker  room  areas  at  our  school.  they  have  been  better  than  advertised  when  you  add  in  the  tampering  alarm  and  the  bully  component,  it  has  been  a  great  asset
__label__situationalsurveillance to  our  staff  and  school.  the  ease  in  installation  and  programming,  along  with  the  success  we  have  experienced  make  them  worth  every  penny  the  halo  sensors  are  a  new  and  very  important  component  of  our  districts  plan  to  deter  and  detect  vaping  and  most  importantly  to  educate  students  on  its  harmful  effects.the  halo  sensors  were  simple  to  install  and  configure  by  our  own  staff  members  in  only  a  few  hours.  we  took  a  very  positive  approach  to  the  installation,  throughout  the  purchase  and  install  process,  students  were  made  aware  of  the  upcoming  devices.  our  school  principals  made  several  videos  explaining
__label__situationalsurveillance their  presence  and  our  goal  to  stop  vaping,  not  to  catch  students  and  give  consequence.  despite  this,  within  the  first  3  days  of  installation,  9  students  were  caught  vaping.  anecdotal  reports  from  students  indicate  that  after  only  two  weeks,  vaping  has  decreased  drastically  throughout  our  schools.  the  halo  device  does  everything  thatipvideo  corphas  said  it  would  do.  with  the  halo  smart  sensor,  ipvideo  has  hit  the  vape  detection  and  school  security  market  at  the  right  time  with  the  right  product  features.  as  a  security  integrator  ive  never  seen  as  much  customer  interest  and  response  in  a  product  as  weve  received
__label__situationalsurveillance with  the  halo.  theyve  worked  perfectly  since  the  day  they  were  set  up,  my  biggest  shock  as  an  educator  is  that  we  have  elementary  school  kids  vaping.  halo  detects  the  chemical  compounds  in  the  air  and  sends  the  notification  to  our  administrators.  we  tested  in  our  high  school  last  year  and  so  far,  so  good.  the  devices  are  tamper  resistant  and  do  set  off  an  alarm.  we  want  to  send  the  message  that  vaping  is  a  serious  problem  here.  its  a  way  for  us  to  regulate  areas  where  we  cant  regulate  with  security  cameras.  it  will  notify  whoever  we  have
__label__situationalsurveillance setup  as  an  administrator  in  the  system.  so  that  can  be  through  email,  it  can  be  through  cell  phone,  it  can  be  through  a  text,  or  through  different  means.  halo  iot  smart  sensor  is  patent  pending.  abnormal  noise  level  detection  gunshot  detection  glass  break  shouting  excessive  banging  occupancy  bullying  vape  thc  smoke  formaldehyde  benzene  particulates  volatile  organic  compoundsvocs  ammonia  carbon  monoxide  carbon  dioxide  nitrogen  occupancy  sensitivity  temperature  humidity  tamper  pressure  halo  iot  smart  sensor  is  patent  pending  all  information  is  subject  to  change  without  notice.  2019  ipvideo  corporation.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__situationalsurveillance monfri,  9am  to  12pm  and  1pm  to  5pm  u.s.  mountain  time:  303  2840979  the  is  a  small  board  that  combines  a  microphone  and  some  processing  circuitry.  it  provides  not  only  an  audio  output,  but  also  a  binary  indication  of  the  presence  of  sound,  and  an  analog  representation  of  its  amplitude.  added  to  your  the  sparkfun  sound  detector  is  a  small  and  very  easy  to  use  audio  sensing  board  with  three  different  outputs.  the  sound  detec  added  to  your  the  sparkfun  sound  detector  is  a  small  and  very  easytouse  audio  sensing  board  with  three  different  outputs.  the  sound  detec  this  tutorial
__label__situationalsurveillance will  guide  you  through  hooking  up  and  using  the  sound  detector.  it  will  examine  how  the  circuit  works,  explain  some  details  about  getting  the  best  performance  from  the  sound  detector,  then  present  two  different  projects  that  demonstrate  how  to  use  it.  to  get  started  with  the  sound  detector,  simply  connect  it  to  a  power  supply.  sound  detector  power  supply  in  a  quiet  room,  power  the  board  up,  and  then  speak  into  the  microphone.  you  should  see  the  red  led  on  the  board  blink  in  response  to  your  voice.  with  its  3  outputs,  the  board  itself  is  a  lot  more  flexible.
__label__situationalsurveillance to  explore  that  flexibility,  read  on.  the  sound  detector  has  3  separate  outputs.  its  easiest  to  see  what  each  is  doing  with  a  graph.  the  following  illustrates  how  the  sound  detector  responds  to  a  series  of  sound  pulses.  sample  sound  detector  output  this  shows  the  output  voltages  over  time.  having  examined  the  outputs,  lets  also  take  a  quick  walk  through  the  schematic,  to  gain  an  understanding  of  how  each  stage  works.  the  first  section  of  the  circuit  is  an  electret  microphone  capsule.  this  portion  of  the  circuit  borrows  from  the  .  microphone  and  preamplifier  the  capsule  is  biased  by  the
__label__situationalsurveillance supply  voltage  through  r1,  and  it  outputs  an  ac  voltage  that  is  riding  a  dc  offset  of  approximately  1/2  the  supply  voltage.  the  output  from  the  capsule  is  an  extremely  small  voltage,  so  the  signal  from  the  capsule  is  amplified  by  ic1g1,  an  operational  amplifier  stage.  by  default,  the  preamplifier  has  an  arithmetic  gain  of  100  20  db,  and  the  gain  can  be  adjusted  by  populating  r17  which  well  examine  in  detail  on  the  .  the  output  is  dc  coupled,  riding  one  half  the  supply  voltage,  so  it  can  be  directly  connected  to  the  of  a  microcontroller.  in  perfectly  quiet
__label__situationalsurveillance conditions,  it  will  ideally  read  1/2  full  scale,  or  512  on  a  10bit  converter.  the  second  stage  of  the  circuit  is  an  envelope  follower.  ic1g3  forms  an  opampbased  precision  rectifier.  this  stage  implements  the  equation  the  opamp  inverts  and  amplifies  the  signal.  when  its  output  swings  high,  d2  turns  on,  and  charges  c1.  when  the  opamp  output  is  high  or  not  swinging,  d2  is  turned  off,  and  c1  discharges  through  r9.  thus,  c1  tracks  the  peaks  of  the  input  signal.  ic1g4  is  a  buffer  amplifier,  so  external  loads  on  the  envelope  pin  wont  change  the  c1s  charge/discharge  behavior.  this  results
__label__situationalsurveillance in  a  signal  that  tracks  the  peak  amplitude  of  the  input  signal.  a  louder  sound  will  result  in  a  higher  voltage  on  the  envelope  pin.  as  with  the  audio  pin,  the  envelope  can  be  connected  to  the  adc  of  a  microcontroller.  the  final  stage  implements  a  thresholded  switch  on  the  envelope  signal.  schmitt  trigger  the  schmitt  trigger  watches  the  envelope  signal,  and  toggles  the  output  when  the  threshold  is  exceeded.  a  schmitt  trigger  is  a  comparator  that  adjusts  its  threshold  voltage  when  the  output  switches,  requiring  a  higher  voltage  to  switch  on  than  to  switch  off.  this  allows  it  to
__label__situationalsurveillance ignore  some  ripple  in  the  input  signal,  like  the  ripple  present  in  the  output  of  the  envelope  follower  stage.  the  output  of  the  schmitt  trigger  is  found  on  the  gate  pin.  you  can  connect  it  to  a  digital  input.  well  use  it  to  trigger  interrupts  in  the  .  each  of  the  three  output  signals  is  present  on  the  .1  header  at  the  edge  of  the  board.  they  are  active  simultaneously.  if  you  arent  using  one  in  your  particular  application,  simply  leave  that  pin  disconnected.  the  heart  of  the  sound  detector  is  the  electret  microphone  capsule  without  it,  we  couldnt  convert
__label__situationalsurveillance acoustic  energy  into  electrical  energy.  these  capsules  have  a  couple  of  quirks  that  we  need  to  understand  in  order  to  apply  them  successfully.  inside  the  capsule  is  the  diaphragm,  which  is  actually  one  plate  of  a  small  capacitor.  that  capacitor  forms  a  with  the  external  bias  resistor.  the  diaphragm  moves  in  response  to  sound,  and  the  capacitance  changes  as  the  plates  get  closer  together  or  farther  apart,  causing  the  divider  to  change.  since  capacitors  are  sensitive  to  loading,  its  internally  buffered  with  a  jfet  .  due  to  the  mechanical  and  electronic  tolerances  involved,  some  capsules  are  more  sensitive  than  others.
__label__situationalsurveillance also,  the  jfet  is  rather  sensitive  to  noise  on  the  power  supply.  both  of  these  factors  need  to  be  accounted  for  when  deploying  the  sound  detector.  the  sound  detector  is  an  analog  circuit,  and  as  such,  its  more  sensitive  to  noise  on  the  power  supply  than  most  digital  circuits.  since  the  capsule  is  effectively  a  voltage  divider  sitting  across  the  power  rails,  it  will  transcribe  any  noise  on  the  supply  lines  onto  the  capsule  output.  the  next  circuit  in  the  chain  is  a  highgain  amplifier,  so  any  noise  on  the  supply  will  then  be  amplified.  therefore,  the  sound  detector  may
__label__situationalsurveillance require  more  careful  power  supply  configuration  than  many  circuits.  in  testing  with  various  supplies,  a  significant  degree  of  variability  was  discovered  some  supplies  are  less  noisy  than  others.  one  exhibited  as  much  as  30  mv  ripple  on  the  supply  output,  an  as  a  result,  the  the  sound  detector  was  rather  sensitive  and  unstable.  you  can  check  how  clean  a  power  supply  is  by  checking  it  with  an  oscilloscope  or  volt  meter,  set  to  the  ac  volts  or,  if  provided,  the  ac  millivolts  range.  a  truly  clean  supply  will  show  0.000  vac.  based  on  the  supplies  used  in  testing,  ripple  of
__label__situationalsurveillance more  than  about  10  mv  is  problematic.  powering  my  arduino  with  a  9v  external  supply,  which  allows  the  onboard  regulators  to  function,  the  arduinos  5v  output  was  sufficiently  clean.  however,  powering  it  from  the  5v  available  on  the  usb  port  on  a  pc,  the  regulators  are  bypassed,  and  the  results  were  somewhat  less  usable,  and  vary  greatly  between  different  ports  on  different  pcs.  a  powered  usb  hub  will  probably  provide  cleaner  power  than  the  ports  on  the  pc  itself.  if  all  else  fails,  three  1.5v  batteries  in  series  make  a  nice,  clean  source  of  4.5v.  the  sound  detector  comes  set
__label__situationalsurveillance for  moderate  sensitivity  speaking  directly  into  the  microphone,  or  clapping  your  hands  nearby  should  cause  the  gate  output  to  fire.  if  you  find  that  it  doesnt  work  well  in  a  specific  application,  you  can  change  the  circuit  to  be  more  or  less  sensitive.  the  gain  is  set  by  changing  the  feedback  resistors  in  the  preamp  stage.  the  resistors  are  marked  in  the  silkscreen  on  the  pcb.  resistor  closeup  r3  is  a  surface  mount  part,  with  100k  ohm  populated  by  default.  r17  is  an  unpopulated  position  for  a  through  hole  resistor.  its  most  likely  that  youll  find  the  detector  to  be
__label__situationalsurveillance too  sensitive.  in  testing  the  board  for  this  writeup,  noisy  air  conditioning  and  music  in  the  next  office  were  enough  to  set  it  off.  to  make  the  board  less  sensitive,  you  can  lower  the  preamplifier  gain  by  populating  r17  in  parallel  with  r3.  r3  value  r17  value  arithmetic  gain  gain  db  if  you  want  to  make  the  sound  detector  more  sensitive,  so  that  it  will  be  activated  by  quieter  sounds,  you  can  remove  r3,  and  populate  r17.  r17  value  arithmetic  gain  gain  db  in  some  applications,  the  onboard  led  may  be  distracting  or  undesirable.  to  disable  it,  simply  use  a
__label__situationalsurveillance solder  sucker  or  wick  to  remove  the  solder  blob  from  the  jumper  near  the  led.  the  electret  capsule  on  the  sound  detector  is  also  sensitive  to  mechanical  vibration  and  wind  noise.  the  sound  detector  will  pick  up  handling  noise.  mounting  it  with  a  resilient  material  can  help  absorb  vibration  placing  it  on  a  piece  of  opencell  foam  helped  reject  vibration  conducted  through  the  testing  workbench.  other  resilient  mounting  strategies  would  include  suspending  it  using  rubber  bands,  or  building  shock  absorbers  using  4  machine  screws  and  heatshrink  tubing.  wind  noise  is  caused  when  blasts  of  air  enter  the  capsule.  examples  would
__label__situationalsurveillance be  a  windy  day,  or  the  sharp  exhalation  that  often  accompanies  syllables  such  p,  b  and  t.  the  capsule  come  with  a  thin  fabric  covering,  but  it  may  not  be  enough  to  prevent  stronger  blasts.  you  can  craft  a  more  robust  windscreen  with  opencell  foam  or  synthetic  fur  like  the  covering  that  sneaks  into  the  frame  when  a  boom  mic  accidentally  enters  a  film  scene.  now  that  we  understand  how  to  configure  the  board,  lets  hook  it  to  an  arduino  and  see  what  it  can  do.  in  addition  to  the  ,  youll  need  the  following  parts.  we  snapped  a  5pin
__label__situationalsurveillance section  off  the  header,  and  it  to  the  sound  detector.  then  we  took  the  jumper  wires  and  made  the  following  connections.  sound  detector  arduino  additionally,  as  described  on  the  ,  a  33k  ohm  resistor  was  soldered  into  position  r17.  r3  was  left  in  place,  so  the  gain  was  lowered  from  40  db  to  about  28  db.  this  code  simultaneously  demonstrates  two  different  operating  modes  of  the  sound  detector.  as  a  purely  analog  circuit,  the  sound  detector  isnt  limited  to  strictly  being  a  peripheral  for  a  microcontroller.  to  illustrate  an  alternate  application,  weve  wired  up  a  completely  analog  example.  weve  tied
__label__situationalsurveillance the  envelope  output  to  an  ,  to  make  a  visual  sound  level  meter.  for  this  application,  the  sound  detector  is  configured  with  no  resistor  for  r17,  and  the  default  100k  in  position  r3.  again,  we  start  with  the  ,  then  add  the  following  parts.  we  connect  those  parts  as  follows.  which  translates  thusly  onto  a  solderless  breadboard.  the  assembled,  operational  version  looks  like  this.  listening  to  the  lonely  bull  by  the  ventures  sound  picked  up  by  the  microphone  is  now  translated  onto  the  bar  graph.  the  louder  the  sound  is,  the  more  leds  light  up  a  few  of  notes  about
__label__situationalsurveillance the  circuit.  a  few  parting  thoughts.  if  the  sound  detector  is  misbehaving,  try  the  following  steps.  design  files  for  the  sound  detector  are  in  the  corresponding  .  this  includes  the  eagle  files,  and  the  and  we  explored  above.  additionally,  there  are  spice  simulations  of  the  circuit  for  .  one  of  those  simulations,  actually  analyzes  the  contents  of  a  wav  file  which  was  used  to  generate  the  of  this  tutorial,  though  youll  have  to  modify  the  file  path  to  analyze  a  wav  file  if  your  own.  finally,  the  sound  detector  has  been  added  to  the  sensors  category  in  the  .  sections
__label__situationalsurveillance tags  license  about  us  help  programs  community  in  2003,  cu  student  nate  seidle  fried  a  power  supply  in  his  dorm  room  and,  in  lieu  of  a  way  to  order  easy  replacements,  decided  to  start  his  own  company.  since  then,  sparkfun  has  been  committed  to  sustainably  helping  our  world  achieve  electronics  literacy  from  our  headquarters  in  boulder,  colorado.  no  matter  your  vision,  sparkfuns  products  and  resources  are  designed  to  make  the  world  of  electronics  more  accessible.  in  addition  to  over  2,000  open  source  components  and  widgets,  sparkfun  offers  curriculum,  training  and  online  tutorials  designed  to  help  demystify  the  wonderful  world  of
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  lesson,  well  show  how  to  use  sound  sensor  detect  the  sound  intensity  of  the  environment  through  cayenne  iot  platform.  this  sound  sensor  is  used  to  detect  whether  theres  sound  surround  or  not,  please  dont  use  the  module  to  collect  sound  signal.  the  sound  sensor  module  has  a  builtin  capacitive  electricmicrophone  which  is  highly  sensitive  to  sound.  sound  waves  cause  the  thin  film  of  the  electric  to  vibrate  and  then  the  capacitance  changes,  thus  producing  the  corresponding  changed  voltage.,  so  it  can  detect  the  sound  intensity  in  ambient  environment.  you  can  adjust  the  sensitivity  with  by  adjusting  the  .
__label__situationalsurveillance connect  sound  sensor  with  uno  as  followed  diagram:  log  in  cayenne  iot  platform,  add  newdevice/widget  choose  sensorsgeneric  click  digital  inputsetting  the  datasheet  as  followed:  please  note:  if  v12  pin  was  used  by  other  widgets,  you  can  select  other  pins.  and  change  the  virtual  pin  in  sketch  to  the  pin  number  you  have  selected.  copy  and  paste  the  sketch  into  arduino  ide  ,please  remember  to  use  your  own  authentication  info,  and  change  to  .  upload  to  your  uno  board,  then  click  step  2  :add  sensor,  when  you  speak  or  make  noise  intermittently  near  the  sound  sensor,  in  your  dashboard,  you  can
__label__situationalsurveillance see  the  data  will  change  between  0  and  1.  when  the  volume  is  higher,  the  value  on  the  dashboard  turn  to  0,  when  the  volume  is  lower,  the  value  on  dashboard  turn  to  1  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  20092017  osoyoo.com
__label__situationalsurveillance h3introduction  analog  noise  sound  sensor  detection  module  is  a  sensor  module  based  on  mic  sound  sensing  element.  sound  sensor  is  particularly  sensitive  to  sound  intensity,  and  it  can  be  used  to  detect  ambient  sound  level.  louder  noise  brings  bigger  output  sine  wave  amplitude.  the  sound  detection  sensor  module  has  a  builtin  capacitive  electret  microphone  which  is  highly  sensitive  to  sound.  sound  waves  cause  the  thin  film  of  the  electret  to  vibrate  and  then  the  capacitance  changes,  thus  producing  the  corresponding  changed  voltage,  so  it  can  detect  the  sound  intensity  in  ambient  environment.since  the  change  is  extremely  weak,  it  needs  to
__label__situationalsurveillance be  amplified.  we  use  a  lm393asthe  power  amplifier  here.you  can  adjust  the  sensitivity  with  by  adjusting  the  potentiometer.when  the  sound  level  exceeds  the  set  point,  an  led  on  the  sensor  module  is  illuminated  and  the  output  is  sent  low.  this  sound  sensor  is  used  to  detect  whether  theres  sound  surround  or  not,  it  cannot  recognize  the  frequence  or  volum,  please  dont  use  the  module  to  collect  sound  signal.  the  image  and  table  below  detail  the  controls,  pin  outs,  and  other  key  components.  when  referring  sensititivity,  well.  i  mean:  it  has3  that  needs  to  be  connected  to  your  arduino.  the  top
__label__situationalsurveillance oneif  you  look  at  the  image  above,  is  .  this  should  be  connected  to  the  arduino  input  pin.  the  one  beside  that  is  ,  which  is  connected  to  ground,  the  is  connected  to  5v.  on  the  top  of  the  sound  sensor  is  a  little  flathead  screw  you  can  turn  to  adjust  the  sensitivity  and  analog  output  of  the  sound  sensor.  to  calibrate  the  sound  sensor  you  can  make  some  noise  and  keep  turning  it  until  you  start  seeing  the  sensorled  on  the  module  starts  blinking  with  the  rhythm.  given  that  this  device  measures  whether  or  not  sound  has  exceeded  a
__label__situationalsurveillance threshold,  youre  basically  left  with  determining  what  it  is  you  want  to  do.  what  i  mean  by  this  is  that  you  can  do  something  when  it  is  quiet  and/or  you  can  do  something  when  it  is  loud.  for  example:  in  this  example,  we  are  going  to  connect  the  sound  detection  sensor  modulewith  the  micro  bit,  when  any  sound  was  detected  by  the  sensor,  micro:bit  will  display  the  decibel  value  on  the  screen.  note  :  the  sensitivity  of  the  sound  detection  sensor  is  adjustable  you  may  adjust  it  by  the  potentiometer.  either  copy  and  paste,  or  recreate  the  following  code  into
__label__situationalsurveillance your  own  makecode  editor  by  clicking  the  open  icon  in  the  upper  righthand  corner  of  the  editor  window.  you  can  also  just  download  this  example  by  clicking  the  download  button  in  the  lower  righthand  corner  of  the  code  window.  note:  when  any  sound  was  detected  by  the  sensor,  micro:bit  will  display  voice  in  on  the  screen.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  20092017  osoyoo.com
__label__situationalsurveillance chirp,  a  dataoversound  technology  company,  and  ,  a  wireless  chipsets  manufacturer,  have  announced  the  chirp  software  development  kit  sdk  reference  design  for  soundbased  data  transmission.  the  sdk  incorporates  and  dsp  groups  smartvoice  technology  to  allow  connectivity  between  devices  with  no  configuration  required.  recommended  for  you  iot  101  copyright  2019  engineering.com,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  registration  on  or  use  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of  our
__label__situationalsurveillance playing  with  azure  iot  devkit  mxchip  is  always  fun,  the  device  has  many  capabilities.  for  the  past  few  days,  i  have  been  working  with  some  of  the  capabilities  of  this  device  like  atmospheric  pressure,  temperature,  humidity  through  its  sensors.  in  this  article,  i  will  show  you  how  you  can  calculate  the  noise  level  using  the  microphone  of  az3166  iot  device.  now  lets  start  implementing  the  same.  i  hope  you  will  like  it.  you  can  always  read  this  article  on  my  blog  .  in  our  last  article,  we  have  already  seen  here  in  this  article  lets  do  the  following  tasks.  please
__label__situationalsurveillance feel  free  to  play  around  with  .  once  you  have  your  own  workspace,  we  can  open  the  solution  in  vscode  and  start  coding.  this  is  our  solution  starting  point,  every  project  must  have  its  own  sketch  file,  usually,  this  file  will  be  contained  at  least  the  functions  loop  and  setup.  before  we  get  started,  lets  include  the  header  files  we  are  going  to  use.  now  we  can  declare  our  constants  and  variables.  now  we  can  add  the  codes  for  the  configuration,  usually,  you  wouldnt  have  to  edit  any  codes  in  this  section.  as  i  mentioned  earlier,  every  ino  file  will
__label__situationalsurveillance have  its  own  setup  and  loop  function.  we  can  modify  our  setup  function  as  below.  the  function  loop  will  be  called  each  5  seconds,  as  i  had  set  the  interval  as  5000  milliseconds.  now  we  can  edit  our  code  of  loop  function  as  below.  as  you  can  see,  once  we  get  the  values  from  the  function  getprediction  ,  we  are  passing  the  decibels  values  to  our  setmessage  function,  which  we  have  defined  in  the  file  utility.cpp.  inside  the  setmessage  function,  we  will  add  the  decibels  value  to  json  object  using  the  function  jsonobjectsetnumber  .  you  should  also  add  the  files
__label__situationalsurveillance featurizer.h  and  featurizer.s  to  get  it  working.  you  can  get  those  files  from  the  source  code  repository  mentioned  above.  as  we  have  already  made  the  needed  changes,  it  is  time  to  compile  the  device  solution  and  upload  the  same  to  our  device.  press  f1  and  select  azure  iot  device  workbench:  compile  device  code.  if  you  ever  get  an  error  as  error:  utility.h:  no  such  file  or  directory,  please  compile  the  device  code  again.  if  you  are  facing  any  unexpected  errors,  please  delete  the  .build  folder  and  compile  again.  once  you  get  a  message  as  done  finished  verify  sketch  main.ino  in
__label__situationalsurveillance your  output  window,  you  can  upload  the  solution  to  your  device.  to  do  so,  press  f1  again,  and  select  azure  iot  device  workbench:  upload  device  code.  please  make  sure  that  the  device  is  been  connected  to  your  machine.  if  everything  goes  well,  you  will  be  getting  a  message  as  done  uploaded  the  sketch:  main.ino.  please  remember  to  see  the  github  repository  for  the  full  code.  now  your  device  will  be  sending  the  decibels  data  to  the  iot  hub.  lets  see  that  in  the  d2c  monitoring  window.  wow.  now  we  have  learned,  please  consider  reading  my  iot  articles  for  the  continuation.
__label__situationalsurveillance you  can  always  follow  me  here  on  medium  and  twitter.  thanks  a  lot  for  reading.  did  i  miss  anything  that  you  may  think  which  is  needed  in  this  article?  could  you  find  this  post  as  useful?  kindly  do  not  forget  to  share  me  your  feedback.  kindest  regards  sibeesh  venu  written  by
__label__situationalsurveillance dataoversound  can  ensure  a  connection  in  situations  where  wifi  and  other  protocols  arent  were  growing  increasingly  used  to  being  connected  and  online  24/7.  the  thing  is,  this  isnt  actually  true,  since  downtime  and  internet  outages  ,  with  u.k.  businesses  alone  losing  to  internet  failures,  setting  them  back  around  in  total.  in  other  words,  despite  living  in  a  connected  world,  were  occasionally  offline  even  when  we  want  to  be  online,  and  this  has  serious  implications  not  only  for  businesses  and  consumers,  but  also  for  the  internet  of  things  iot.  because  if  smart  devices,  buildings  and  cities  lose  their  wifi  or  cellular
__label__situationalsurveillance networks,  their  ability  to  transmit  useful,  actionable  information  will  be  severely  reduced.  on  top  of  this,  it  isnt  always  possible  to  be  connected  to  a  wifi,  cellular  or  gps  network  in  certain  environments,  such  as  submarines  and  nuclear  power  stations.  fortunately,  companies  have  been  emerging  in  recent  years  that  are  honing  a  new  way  of  transmitting  data.  by  using  sound  waves,  theyre  enabling  devices  to  connect  and  talk  with  each  other  even  when  wifi  and  bluetooth  arent  available.  their  development  of  dataoversound  protocols  has  deep  implications  for  the  future  of  iot,  since  the  ability  to  communicate  via  sound  may  be
__label__situationalsurveillance the  vital  ingredient  needed  to  ensure  roundtheclock  connectivity  of  an  everexpanding  roster  of  smart  devices.  sonarax  is  one  of  these  companies.  in  february,  it  a  new  ultrasonic  devicetodevice  communication  protocol,  which  has  applications  in  the  contexts  of  the  internet  of  things,  smartphone  payments,  id  and  authentication.  interestingly,  this  protocol  is  capable  of  operating  on  any  device  with  a  builtin  speaker  or  microphone,  while  it  can  be  used  with  apps  running  on  operating  systems  such  as  ios,  windows,  and  android.  as  such,  it  has  a  very  wide  range  of  applicability,  something  which  was  highlighted  earlier  this  month  when  sonarax  a  partnership
__label__situationalsurveillance with  the  group  for  education  in  museums  gem,  a  company  that  promotes  and  supports  heritage  learning  in  museums  and  schools  throughout  the  world.  through  this  partnership,  sonaraxs  ultrasonic  connectivity  protocol  will  be  used  as  part  of  gems  app,  helping  museum  visitors  with  navigation.  by  enabling  communication  between  the  visitors  smartphone  and  the  museums  own  sensors,  it  can  tell  that  visitor  where  they  are  in  the  museum  and  also  prompt  the  gem  app  to  show  the  visitor  info  on  the  artworks  in  their  particular  location.  and  given  that  none  of  this  requires  a  wifi  or  mobile  data  connection,  it  greatly  expands
__label__situationalsurveillance the  scope  for  digital  communications.  sonarax  boasts  that  its  the  first  company  in  the  world  to  have  demonstrated  a  viable  ultrasonic  indoor  navigation  system  that  can  work  while  a  user  is  moving.  however,  it  isnt  the  only  company  producing  dataoversound  solutions.  earlier  this  month,  it  shared  a  win  at  the  contest  with  stimshop,  a  parisbased  company  that  has  also  developed  an  ultrasonic  communications  protocol.  much  like  sonarax,  stimshops  protocol  can  turn  any  speaker  or  sound  system  into  a  tool  for  wireless  communication,  detection,  authentication  and  also  geolocation,  with  the  company  claiming  that  it  can  be  used  in  virtually  any  circumstance.
__label__situationalsurveillance perhaps  its  most  striking  use  case  can  be  found  at  edfs  nuclear  power  station  in  gravelines,  france.  here,  its  ultrasonic  communications  protocol  is  used  for  maintenance  purposes  in  areas  where  radiowaves  would  be  dangerous,  travelling  distances  of  up  to  100m  and  capable  of  being  sent  and  received  by  standard  speakers  and  microphones.  edf  energy  has  also  used  the  services  of  chirp  in  its  power  stations.  based  in  london,  chirp  is  another  company  whose  dataoversound  technology  enables  wireless  communications  and  authentications,  and  it  most  notably  with  microsoft  last  august  to  integrate  its  technology  into  the  azure  iot  platform.  by  using  chirps
__label__situationalsurveillance tech,  users  of  microsofts  azure  can  connect  to  the  iot  platform  using  only  ultrasonic  sound  waves,  which  serve  to  quickly  authenticate  the  user  using  the  equivalent  of  a  sonic  qr  code.  there  are  a  handful  of  other  companies  working  in  this  area,  with  the  californiabased  lisnr  being  one  of  the  most  prominent.  their  existence,  as  well  as  their  increasing  success  in  attracting  partnerships  with  major  companies,  indicates  that  dataoversound  is  going  to  become  an  increasingly  common  fixture  of  the  internet  of  things  and  other  sectors  in  coming  years.  however,  as  with  almost  all  new  technologies,  there  are  security  concerns  surrounding
__label__situationalsurveillance dataoversound.  fuelled  by  that  a  small  subset  of  apps  actively  hoard  personal  data  via  ultrasonic  waves  emitted  by  various  advertisements,  billboards  and  even  websites,  some  experts  worry  that  ultrasonic  connections  could  be  hacked.  however,  according  to  sonarax  ceo  benny  saban,  dataoversound  is  in  principle  at  least  as  safe  as  any  other  communication  protocol.  as  in  all  communication  protocols,  encrypted  data  is  converted  to  ultrasonic  data  and  reaches  its  destinationunchangedthrough  the  same  encrypted  method  by  which  it  was  sent,  he  tells  me.  essentially,  the  ultrasonic  communication  protocol  adds  an  additional  layer  of  security  to  the  first  layer  of  encryption.  this  means
__label__situationalsurveillance that  in  order  to  hack  the  data,  one  needs  to  intercept  the  sonic  data,  decipher  it,  and  then  decipher  the  encryption  used.  not  only  that,  but  saban  explains  that  sonaraxs  direct  overthesound  verification  between  two  devices  prevents  socalled  maninthemiddle  mitm  attacks,  during  which  hackers  manage  to  interfere  with  the  communication  between  the  two  legitimate  parties.  so  dataoversound  is  safe.  and  while  it  does  have  the  shortcoming  of  being  slower  than  other  connection  standards  in  terms  of  download/upload  speeds,  it  is  intended  largely  as  a  complement  to  existing  connection  protocols  rather  than  a  replacement,  a  means  of  filling  in  the  connection
__label__situationalsurveillance gaps  in  cases  where  other  protocols  arent  usable.  sonaraxs  dataoversound  technology  picks  up  where  wifi,  bluetooth,  and  other  standards  leave  off,  saban  adds.  gps  navigation  devices,  for  example,  require  a  direct  line  of  sight  with  satellites  in  order  to  function  properly,  and  therefore  do  not  fully  work  in  indoor  or  underground  environments.  sonaraxs  technology  harnesses  soundwaves  natural  ability  to  be  confined  within  a  physical  space  to  allow  for  indoor  and  underground  navigation,  as  well  as  personalized  and  secure  iot  experiences.  its  for  such  reasons  that  we  can  expect  to  see  dataoversound  becoming  more  common  in  the  near  and  more  distant
__label__situationalsurveillance future.  and  with  it,  well  move  closer  to  a  world  in  which  we  truly  are  connected  all  the  time,  for  better  and  sometimes  for  worse.  im  a  londonbased  tech  journalist  with  numerous  years  of  experience  covering  emerging  technologies  and  how  theyre  changing  the  global  economy  and  society  more  generall...
__label__situationalsurveillance while  new  sensor,  mobile  and  wireless  technologies  are  driving  the  evolution  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  true  business  value  of  the  iot  lies  in  big  data  rather  than  hardware  novelties.  after  all,  why  transmit  information  from  iot  devices  to  the  end  user  if  you  dont  have  an  analytics  platform  rich  enough  to  extract  insights  from  it  or  transform  it  into  meaningful  consumer  experiences?  weve  spoken  with  some  leading  software  developers  who  are  pioneering  the  bleeding  edge  of  iot  analytics  to  help  you  understand  how  its  enabling  transformative  business  opportunities.  heres  what  well  cover:  the  first  thing  to  understand
__label__situationalsurveillance about  analytics  on  iot  data  is  that  it  involves  datasets  generated  by  sensors,  which  are  now  both  cheap  and  sophisticated  enough  to  support  a  seemingly  endless  variety  of  use  cases.  the  potential  of  sensors  lies  in  their  ability  to  gather  data  about  the  physical  environment,  which  can  then  be  analyzed  or  combined  with  other  forms  of  data  to  detect  patterns.  dr.  joachim  schaper  is  senior  vice  president  of  research  and  head  of  the  advanced  analytics  lab  at  a  leading  player  in  the  emerging  iot  analytics  market.  his  views  represent  the  combined  expertise  and  experience  of  agts  rd  team,  which  includes
__label__situationalsurveillance more  than  80  people.  schaper  explains  that  sensor  data  can  also  be  used  to  understand  people  as  well  as  things:  the  ability  of  sensors  to  understand  physics  reveals  some  of  the  realtime  context  around  a  given  person,  which  can  then  be  combined  with  the  expressiveness  of  social  media  data  to  yield  a  strong  understanding  of  an  individual  person  or  a  group  of  people.  if  this  is  done  right,  it  can  enable  a  huge  set  of  new  services  for  the  consumer.  the  following  video  shows  agts  solutions  at  work.  in  this  example,  machine  learningassisted  video  analytics  track  an  audiences  movements  during
__label__situationalsurveillance a  basketball  game  to  reveal  the  crowds  level  of  engagement:  heat  map  of  a  crowds  movements  created  with  agts  video  analytics  just  well  discuss  this  use  case  in  greater  detail  below.  other  kinds  of  data  than  sensor  data  that  are  involved  in  iot  projects  include:  to  say  that  these  types  of  data  arent  specific  to  the  iot  is  to  miss  the  point.  in  many  cases,  the  value  of  sensor  data  only  becomes  clear  when  its  integrated  and  correlated  with  other  data  sources.  lets  take  a  look  now  at  some  use  cases  for  iot  analytics  and  business  intelligence  that  can  drive
__label__situationalsurveillance transformative  business  impacts  across  a  number  of  verticals.  iot  solutions  have  the  potential  to  completely  rewrite  how  businesses  think  of  their  customers.  one  way  in  which  this  is  happening  already  is  by  analyzing  information  about  how  consumers  use  a  businesss  internetconnected  products.  by  way  of  example,  take  the  following  dashboard  from  ,  a  developer  of  selfservice  and  guided  analytics  solutions:  product  usage  data  collated  with  social  media  and  revenue  data  in  farnaz  erfan,  senior  director  of  product  strategy  at  birst,  explains  how  iot  connected  coffee  makers  transmit  information  to  the  manufacturer  about  how  many  pots  of  coffee  a  consumer  is
__label__situationalsurveillance brewing  per  day.  this  data  can  then  be  correlated  with  social  media  data  to  determine  whether  consumers  who  brew  more  coffee  are  more  likely  to  be  actively  discussing  the  brand  on  social  media.  additionally,  the  vendor  can  see  whether  variations  in  the  amount  of  coffee  brewed  by  consumers  correspond  to  the  amount  of  coffee  capsules  also  sold  by  the  vendor.  one  fascinating  aspect  of  analytics  on  iot  data  that  erfan  highlights  is  the  potential  for  analytics  to  be  both  businessfacing  and  consumerfacing  at  the  same  time.  by  way  of  example,  erfan  mentions  a  birst  deployment  for  a  utilities  client  selling
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  energy  meters  that  dont  require  meter  readers:  they  sell  into  state  and  county  governments  as  well  as  private  energy  providers,  so  that  organizations  can  perform  fraud  detection  on  the  meter  data  as  well  as  revenue  projections.  the  other  channel,  however,  is  consumeroriented,  she  says,  as  the  analytics  enable  portals  for  consumers  to  manage  their  energy  consumption,  see  how  much  theyre  over  and  under  other  households  in  the  neighborhood,  turn  appliances  on  and  off  to  determine  how  they  impact  energy  usage  etc.  in  this  case,  the  business  generates  value  from  the  same  analytics  in  two  ways:  one  of  the  most
__label__situationalsurveillance exciting  domains  in  iot  analytics  is  the  emerging  field  of  social  analytics.  social  analytics  involves  using  sensor  data,  video  data,  social  media  data  etc.  to  gain  actionable  insights  into  the  personalities  and  behaviors  of  individuals  and  groups.  agt  has  helped  to  establish  this  field  through  its  pioneering  focus  on  connected  events.  schaper  explains  that  at  connected  events,  the  things  on  which  sensors  are  deployed  are  people:  we  have  created  a  complete  solution  on  mobile  with  the  respective  backend  analytics  for  fashion  and  for  the  european  basketball  league.  what  weve  done  there  is  to  deploy  iot  sensors  at  the  venue,  on
__label__situationalsurveillance the  models  in  the  case  of  fashion  shows  and  on  the  referees  and  coaches  in  the  case  of  basketball  games.  these  sensors  enable  the  analysis  of  human  emotions  rather  than  device  usage  a  form  of  analytics  known  as  sentiment  analysis  .  dr.  gadi  lenz,  agts  chief  scientist,  explains  that  biometric  sensors  and  networks  are  important  enabling  technologies  for  sentiment  analysis:  agt  is  using  video  facial  expressions,  accelerometers  and  gyros  motion,  audio  cheering  and  booing,  heart  rate  excitement,  skin  conductance  stress  etc.,  coupled  with  machinelearning  based  analytics  to  infer  peoples  emotions  in  a  way  that  was  not  possible  before.  for  instance,
__label__situationalsurveillance schaper  explains  that  biometric  sensors  on  coaches  link  the  motions  of  this  notoriously  fidgety  demographic  to  their  feelings  about  the  game,  as  we  saw  in  the  video  at  .  weve  created  a  socalled  agitation  index  for  coaches,  which  analyzes  movement  to  measure  their  level  of  involvement  throughout  the  game.  if  you  then  relate  this  data  to  the  game  data  when  free  throws  happen,  when  3pointers  happen  etc.,  you  get  very  interesting  correlations.  using  agts  video  analytics  to  create  an  agitation  index  for  coaches  much  of  what  agt  does  at  connected  events  extends  beyond  sensor  data  into  the  field  of  video
__label__situationalsurveillance analytics,  particularly  a  form  of  analytics  based  on  machine  learning  that  agt  calls  video  anomaly  detection.  he  explains  that  this  kind  of  video  analytics  takes  the  raw  input  from  a  camera  and  learns  the  scene.  facial  recognition  and  motion  detection  are  both  crucial  areas  in  enabling  social  analytics  via  video.  in  the  case  of  fashion  shows,  schaper  notes,  we  can  use  motion  detection  to  determine  where  the  audience  is  actually  looking  to  detect  events  that  draw  the  attention  of  the  whole  group.  we  measure  that  by  looking  at  their  faces  and  using  eye  position  and  mouth  position  to  understand  the
__label__situationalsurveillance focus  and  level  of  interest  of  the  person.  currently,  social  analytics  is  creating  business  value  through  supporting  the  video  capture  of  important  moments  at  events.  by  analyzing  the  emotions,  behaviors  and  focal  points  of  a  crowd  to  pinpoint  the  highlights  of  the  event,  video  clips  can  be  created  that  tie  in  naturally  with  the  interests  of  the  crowd  and,  by  extension,  online  viewers  as  well.  agts  video  analytics  have  helped  in  the  creation  of  short  stories  and  youtube  clips  by  delivering  recommendations  to  editors  about  which  moments  at  an  event  were  most  significant  for  the  audience  and  for  participants.  schaper
__label__situationalsurveillance notes  that  this  content  went  on  to  rack  up  2  million  views  across  facebook  and  youtube,  along  with  branded  videos  showing  the  use  of  machine  learning  to  understand  the  emotional  states  of  models:  agt  machinelearning  technologies  read  models  emotional  states  protecting  infrastructure  goes  beyond  predictive  maintenance,  and  frequently  people  need  protection  from  infrastructure.  agt  actually  got  its  start  in  protecting  oilfield  infrastructure  through  deployments  of  cameras  alongside  motion  and  radar  sensors.  in  surveillance  contexts,  the  detection  of  anomalies  is  crucial,  and  agt  does  this  through  a  novel  mechanism:  we  let  the  machine  try  to  figure  out  what  the  state  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  feed  is  and  derive  normal  or  abnormal  things  over  time.  we  create  anomaly  indices,  and  if  something  pushes  past  threshold  its  counted  as  an  anomaly.  human  operators  monitoring  the  sensor  feeds  can  even  adjust  the  threshold  for  what  counts  as  an  event  worthy  of  their  attention,  as  in  the  following  example  of  a  traffic  management  system  based  on  video  analytics:  adjusting  anomaly  indices  in  agts  videobased  traffic  management  system  the  line  in  the  graph  at  the  bottom  represents  the  threshold  of  significance  set  by  the  operator,  while  peaks  indicate  anomalous  events  a  stalled  car,  a  car  moving  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance wrong  direction  etc.  that  pass  the  threshold  and  hence  require  the  attention  of  a  human  being.  because  this  technology  is  based  on  machine  learning,  schaper  explains,  users  dont  have  to  define  complex  rules  to  determine  what  counts  as  an  event.  instead,  the  software  itself  figures  this  out:  if  you  use  this  in  traffic,  the  analytics  will  learn  that  there  are  four  lanes,  two  in  each  direction,  and  typically  the  car  flow  goes  on  the  left  side  from  the  top  to  the  bottom  and  on  the  right  side  from  the  bottom  to  the  top.  if  the  analytics  detect  a  strong  movement
__label__situationalsurveillance from  left  to  right  in  the  video  signal,  thats  an  indication  of  an  accident  and  the  analytics  will  trigger  an  alarm.  such  technologies  are  useful  for  adjusting  operations,  as  well  as  for  ensuring  safety.  agts  video  analytics  are  also  being  used  to  manage  crowd  movements  in  queues  and  crowd  density  at  events.  the  use  cases  weve  examined  should  give  you  some  idea  of  the  breadth  of  what  you  can  achieve  with  iot  analytics.  we  havent  covered  the  details  of  the  enabling  technologies  behind  iot  platforms,  which  use  specialized  types  of  data  science  to  deal  with  vast,  realtime  datasets  generated  by
__label__situationalsurveillance sensors.  research  firm  gartner  covers  these  technologies,  along  with  artificial  intelligence  and  industrial  iot  tools,  and  the  analytical  methods  used  with  them  in  a  report  on  this  content  is  available  to  gartner  clients.  if  youre  looking  to  begin  comparing  vendors,  reference  our  of  endtoend  bi  platforms.  many  of  these  vendors  can  act  as  technology  partners  for  iot  projects,  as  weve  seen  in  the  examples  discussed  in  this  report.  supply  chain  analytics  trends:  the  internet  of  things  and  more  evolve  your  customer  segmentation  methods  with  clustering  what  is  data  blending,  and  which  tools  make  it  easier?
__label__situationalsurveillance search  by  ,  thoughtprovoking  commentary  on  technologies  that  are  changing  the  way  mankind  does  things.  heres  a  scenario  for  you:  its  been  a  while  since  youve  done  your  laundry;  the  stuff  is  piling  up  and  threatening  to  take  over.  so,  reluctantly,  you  decide  to  take  the  bull  by  the  hornsyou  load  the  machine.  however,  despite  knowing  that  you  shouldnt,  you  stuff  the  thing  as  full  as  you  can  get  it.  just  an  extra  towel  wont  be  a  problem,  right?  well,  as  we  all  have  experienced,  the  machine  takes  umbrage  and  starts  thumping  and  knocking  in  the  spin  cycle.  that  extra
__label__situationalsurveillance weight  has  unbalanced  the  contraption,  and  the  thumping  noise  that  you  hear  is  actually  telling  you  that  theres  a  problem  with  the  machine.  startup  .  it  reckons  that  machine  noise  can  be  harnessed  and  used  to  diagnose  problems.  so  the  company  is  developing  a  mobile  phonebased  solution  that  automatically  diagnoses  machines  based  on  the  sounds  they  make.  augury  thinks  sensors  placed  on  machines  can  provide  a  headsup  on  malfunctions  if  you  know  what  the  machine  is  supposed  to  sound  like.  sound  anomalies  can  indicate  issues.  augurys  system  connects  ultrasonic  and  vibration  sensors  to  smartphones,  measures  the  sounds,  and  processes  them
__label__situationalsurveillance with  machine  learning  algorithms.  every  mechanical  system  can  be  characterized  by  the  sound  that  it  makes.  machines  talk  and  we  understand  their  language,  the  company  says.  ultrasonic  and  vibration  sensors  are  already  used  in  predictive  maintenance,  but  where  this  system  takes  it  a  step  further  is  that  its  internet  and  algorithmbased.  the  data  is  sent  to  servers  where  it  is  compared  with  previous  data  collected  from  that  machine,  as  well  as  data  collected  from  similar  machines,  the  company  says  on  its  website.  the  platform  then  detects  changes.  this  analysis  is  done  in  realtime  and  the  results  are  displayed  on  the
__label__situationalsurveillance technicians  smartphone  within  seconds,  it  says.  the  key  to  it  all  working  properly  is  the  algorithms.  recordings  are  stored  on  the  companys  servers  and  should  get  smarter  and  grow  stronger  as  the  servers  receive  more  information.  if  the  platform  finds  out  about  a  new  kind  of  malfunction,  it  studies  it  and  adds  it  to  the  system.  augury  uses  a  small,  portable  sampling  device  at  the  site  of  the  equipment.  an  ios  app  or  web  dashboard  displays  the  results.  sampling  devices  can  be  moved  from  machinetomachine  and  the  ios  app  helps  the  technician  with  sensor  placement.  after  placing  the  sensor,  the
__label__situationalsurveillance technician  can  invoke  the  sound  recording,  after  which  it  analyzes  the  recording  and  displays  the  results.  the  app  also  suggests  a  treatment  if  it  finds  a  problem.  in  my  case,  i  would  need  more  of  a  reprimand.  something  like  remove  the  extra  towel,  and  dont  be  so  lazy  next  time  would  probably  work.  but,  for  our  purposes,  where  this  really  gets  interesting  is  in  consumerlevel  iot  possibilities.  if  smart  appliances  will  be  already  connected  to  the  internet,  it  wouldnt  be  that  hard  to  add  an  acoustic  element,  coupled  with  the  existing  augury  algorithms.  that  way,  any  iot  domestic  appliance  gains
__label__situationalsurveillance bonus  preventative  maintenance  for  not  much  additional  work.  its  just  one  more  sensor.  patrick  nelson  was  editor  and  publisher  of  the  music  industry  trade  publication  producer  report  and  has  written  for  a  number  of  technology  blogs.  nelson  wrote  the  cultclassic  novel  sprawlism.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__situationalsurveillance industries  and  organizations  have  been  using  various  kinds  of  sensors  for  a  long  time  but  the  invention  of  the  internet  of  things  has  taken  the  evolutions  of  sensors  to  a  completely  different  level.  platforms  function  and  deliver  various  kind  of  intelligence  and  data  using  a  variety  of  sensors.  they  serve  to  collect  data,  pushing  it  and  sharing  it  with  a  whole  network  of  connected  devices.  all  this  collected  data  makes  it  possible  for  devices  to  autonomously  function,  and  the  whole  ecosystem  is  becoming  smarter  every  day.  by  combining  a  set  of  sensors  and  a  communication  network,  devices  share  information  with
__label__situationalsurveillance one  another  and  are  improving  their  effectiveness  and  functionality.  take  tesla  vehicles  as  an  example.  all  of  the  sensors  on  a  car  record  their  perception  of  the  surroundings,  uploading  the  information  into  a  massive  database.  the  data  is  then  processed  and  all  the  important  new  pieces  of  information  are  sent  to  all  other  vehicles.  this  is  an  ongoing  process,  through  which  a  whole  fleet  of  tesla  vehicles  is  becoming  smarter  every  day.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  key  sensors,  extensively  being  used  in  the  iot  world.  by  definition,  a  device,  used  to  measure  amount  of  heat  energy
__label__situationalsurveillance that  allows  to  detect  a  physical  change  in  temperature  from  a  particular  source  and  converts  the  data  for  a  device  or  user,  is  known  as  a  temperature  sensor.  these  sensors  have  been  deployed  for  a  long  time  in  a  variety  of  devices.  however,  with  the  emergence  of  iot,  they  have  found  more  room  to  be  present  in  an  even  greater  number  of  devices.  only  a  couple  of  years  ago,  their  uses  mostly  included  a/c  control,  refrigerators  and  similar  devices  used  for  environmental  control.  however,  with  the  advent  of  the  iot  world,  they  have  found  their  role  in  manufacturing  processes,  agriculture
__label__situationalsurveillance and  health  industry.  in  the  manufacturing  process,  many  machines  require  specific  environment  temperature,  as  well  as  device  temperature.  with  this  kind  of  measurement,  the  manufacturing  process  can  always  remain  optimal.  on  the  other  hand,  in  agriculture,  the  temperature  of  soil  is  crucial  for  crop  growth.  this  helps  with  the  production  of  plants,  maximizing  the  output.  followed  are  some  subcategories  of  temp  sensors:  thermocouples:  these  are  voltage  devices  that  indicate  temperature  measuring  with  a  change  in  voltage.  as  temperature  goes  up,  the  output  voltage  of  the  thermocouple  rises.  resistor  temperature  detectors  rtd:  the  resistance  of  the  device  is  directly  proportional  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  temperature,  increase  in  a  positive  direction  when  the  temperature  rises  resistance  going  up.  thermistors:  it  is  a  temperature  sensitive  resistor  that  changes  its  physical  resistance  with  the  change  in  temperature.  ic  semiconductor:  they  are  linear  devices  where  the  conductivity  of  the  semiconductor  increases  linearly  and  it  takes  advantage  of  the  variable  resistance  properties  of  semiconductor  materials.  it  can  provide  a  direct  temperature  reading  in  digital  form,  especially  at  low  temperatures.  infrared  sensors:  it  detects  temperature  by  intercepting  a  portion  of  emitted  infrared  energy  of  the  object  or  substance,  and  sensing  its  intensity,  can  be  used  to  measure  temperature  of
__label__situationalsurveillance solids  and  liquids  only,  not  possible  to  use  it  on  gases  because  of  their  transparent  nature.  a  device  that  detects  the  presence  or  absence  of  a  nearby  object,  or  properties  of  that  object,  and  converts  it  into  signal  which  can  be  easily  read  by  user  or  a  simple  electronic  instrument  without  getting  in  contact  with  them.  proximity  sensors  are  largely  used  in  the  retail  industry,  as  they  can  detect  motion  and  the  correlation  between  the  customer  and  product  they  might  be  interested  in.  a  user  is  immediately  notified  of  discounts  and  special  offers  of  nearby  products.  another  big  and  quite
__label__situationalsurveillance an  old  usecase  is  vehicles.  you  are  reversing  your  car  and  are  alrmed  about  an  obstacle  while  taking  reverse,  thats  the  work  of  proximity  sensor.  they  are  also  used  for  parking  availability  in  places  such  as  malls,  stadiums  or  airports.  following  are  some  of  the  proximity  sensors  subcategorised:  inductive  sensors:  inductive  proximity  sensors  are  used  for  noncontact  detection  to  find  out  the  presence  of  metallic  objects  using  electromagnetic  field  or  a  beam  of  electromagnetic  radiation.  it  can  operate  at  higher  speeds  than  mechanical  switches  and  also  seems  more  reliable  because  of  its  robustness.  capacitive  sensors  :  capacitive  proximity  sensors  can
__label__situationalsurveillance detect  both  metallic  as  well  as  nonmetallic  targets.  nearly  all  other  materials  are  dielectric  different  from  air.  it  can  be  used  to  sense  very  small  objects  through  a  large  portion  of  target.  so,  generally  used  in  difficult  and  complicated  applications.  photoelectric  sensors  :  photoelectric  sensor  is  made  up  of  lightsensitive  parts  and  uses  a  beam  of  light  to  detect  the  presence  or  absence  of  an  object.  it  is  an  ideal  alternative  of  inductive  sensors.  and  used  for  long  distance  sensing  or  to  sense  nonmetal  object.  ultrasonic  sensors:  ultrasonic  sensors  are  also  used  to  detect  the  presence  or  to  measure  the
__label__situationalsurveillance distance  of  targets  similar  to  radar  or  sonar.  this  makes  a  reliable  solution  for  harsh  and  demanding  conditions.  a  pressure  sensor  is  a  device  that  senses  pressure  and  converts  it  into  an  electric  signal.  here,  the  amount  depends  upon  the  level  of  pressure  applied.  there  are  plenty  of  devices  that  rely  on  liquid  or  other  forms  of  pressure.  these  sensors  make  it  possible  to  create  iot  systems  that  monitor  systems  and  devices  that  are  pressure  propelled.  with  any  deviation  from  standard  pressure  range,  the  device  notifies  the  system  administrator  about  any  problems  that  should  be  fixed.  deployment  of  these  sensors
__label__situationalsurveillance is  not  only  very  useful  in  manufacturing,  but  also  in  the  maintenance  of  whole  water  systems  and  heating  systems,  as  it  is  easy  to  detect  any  fluctuation  or  drops  in  pressure.  water  quality  sensors  are  used  to  detect  the  water  quality  and  ion  monitoring  primarily  in  water  distribution  systems.  water  is  practically  used  everywhere.  these  sensors  play  an  important  role  as  they  monitor  the  quality  of  water  for  different  purposes.  they  are  used  in  a  variety  of  industries.  following  is  a  list  of  the  most  common  kind  of  water  sensors  in  use.  chlorine  residual  sensor:  it  measures  chlorine  residual  i.e.
__label__situationalsurveillance free  chlorine,  monochloramine  total  chlorine  in  water  and  most  widely  used  as  disinfectant  because  of  its  efficiency.  total  organic  carbon  sensor:  toc  sensor  is  used  to  measure  organic  element  in  water.  turbidity  sensor:  turbidity  sensors  measure  suspended  solids  in  water,  typically  it  is  used  in  river  and  stream  gaging,  wastewater  and  effluent  measurement.  conductivity  sensor:  conductivity  measurements  are  carried  out  in  industrial  processes  primarily  to  obtain  information  on  total  ionic  concentrations  i.e.  dissolved  compounds  in  water  solutions.  ph  sensor:  it  is  used  to  measure  the  ph  level  in  the  dissolved  water,  which  indicates  how  acidic  or  basic  alkaline  it  is.
__label__situationalsurveillance oxygenreduction  potential  sensor  :  the  orp  measurement  provides  insights  into  the  level  of  oxidation/reduction  reactions  occurring  in  the  solution.  chemical  sensors  are  applied  in  a  number  of  different  industries.  their  goal  is  to  indicate  changes  in  liquid  or  to  find  out  air  chemical  changes.  they  play  an  important  role  in  bigger  cities,  where  it  is  necessary  to  track  changes  and  protect  the  population.  main  use  cases  of  chemical  sensors  can  be  found  in  industrial  environmental  monitoring  and  process  control,  intentionally  or  accidentally  released  harmful  chemical  detection,  explosive  and  radioactive  detection,  recycling  processes  on  space  station,  pharma  industries  and  laboratory  etc.
__label__situationalsurveillance chemical  fieldeffect  transistor  chemiresistor  electrochemical  gas  sensor  fluorescent  chloride  sensors  hydrogen  sulfide  sensor  nondispersive  infrared  sensor  ph  glass  electrode  potentiometric  sensor  zinc  oxide  nanorod  sensor  gas  sensors  are  similar  to  the  chemical  ones,  but  are  specifically  used  to  monitor  changes  of  the  air  quality  and  detect  the  presence  of  various  gases.  like  chemical  sensors,  they  are  used  in  numerous  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  agriculture  and  health  and  used  for  air  quality  monitoring,  detection  of  toxic  or  combustible  gas,  hazardous  gas  monitoring  in  coal  mines,  oil  gas  industries,  chemical  laboratory  research,  manufacturing  paints,  plastics,  rubber,  pharmaceutical  petrochemical  etc.  following  are  some
__label__situationalsurveillance common  gas  sensors:  carbon  dioxide  sensor  breathalyzer  carbon  monoxide  detector  catalytic  bead  sensor  hydrogen  sensor  air  pollution  sensor  nitrogen  oxide  sensor  oxygen  sensor  ozone  monitor  electrochemical  gas  sensor  gas  detector  hygrometer  a  smoke  sensor  is  a  device  that  senses  smoke  airborne  particulates  gases  and  its  level.  they  have  been  in  use  for  a  long  period  of  time.  however,  with  the  development  of  iot,  they  are  now  even  more  effective,  as  they  are  plugged  into  a  system  that  immediately  notifies  the  user  about  any  problem  that  occurs  in  different  industries.  smoke  sensors  are  extensively  used  by  manufacturing  industry,  hvac,  buildings  and
__label__situationalsurveillance accommodation  infra  to  detect  fire  and  gas  incidences.  this  serves  to  protect  people  working  in  dangerous  environments,  as  the  whole  system  is  much  more  effective  in  comparison  to  the  older  ones.  common  type  of  smoke  sensors  smoke  sensors  detect  the  presence  of  smoke,  gases  and  flame  surrounding  their  field.  it  can  be  detected  either  optically  or  by  the  physical  process  or  by  the  use  of  both  the  methods.  optical  smoke  sensor  photoelectric  :  optical  smoke  sensor  used  the  light  scatter  principle  trigger  to  occupants.  ionization  smoke  sensor:  ionization  smoke  sensor  works  on  the  principle  of  ionization,  kind  of  chemistry  to
__label__situationalsurveillance detect  molecules  causing  a  trigger  alarm.  an  infrared  sensor  is  a  sensor  which  is  used  to  sense  certain  characteristics  of  its  surroundings  by  either  emitting  or  detecting  infrared  radiation.  it  is  also  capable  of  measuring  the  heat  being  emitted  by  the  objects.  they  are  now  used  in  a  variety  of  iot  projects,  especially  in  healthcare  as  they  make  monitoring  of  blood  flow  and  blood  pressure  simple.  they  are  even  used  in  a  wide  array  of  regular  smart  devices  such  as  smartwatches  and  smartphones  as  well.  other  common  use  includes  home  appliances  remote  control,  breath  analysis,  infrared  vision  i.e.  visualize  heat
__label__situationalsurveillance leaks  in  electronics,  monitor  blood  flow,  art  historians  to  see  under  layers  of  paint,  wearable  electronics,  optical  communication,  noncontact  based  temperature  measurements,  automotive  blindangle  detection.  their  usage  does  not  end  there,  they  are  also  a  great  tool  for  ensuring  highlevel  security  in  your  home.  also,  their  application  includes  environment  checks,  as  they  can  detect  a  variety  of  chemicals  and  heat  leaks.  they  are  going  to  play  an  important  role  in  the  smart  home  industry,  as  they  have  a  widerange  of  applications.  a  sensor  which  is  used  to  determine  the  level  or  amount  of  fluids,  liquids  or  other  substances  that  flow
__label__situationalsurveillance in  an  open  or  closed  system  is  called  level  sensor.  like  ir  sensors,  level  sensors  are  present  in  a  wide  array  of  industries.  they  are  primarily  known  for  measuring  fuel  levels,  but  they  are  also  used  in  businesses  that  work  with  liquid  materials.  for  example,  the  recycling  industry,  as  well  as  the  juice  and  alcohol  industry  rely  on  these  sensors  to  measure  the  number  of  liquid  assets  in  their  possession.  best  use  cases  of  level  sensor  is,  fuel  gauging  liquid  levels  in  open  or  closed  containers,  sea  level  monitoring  tsunami  warning,  water  reservoirs,  medical  equipment,  compressors,  hydraulic  reservoirs,  machine  tools,
__label__situationalsurveillance beverage  and  pharmaceutical  processing,  high  or  lowlevel  detection  etc.  this  helps  better  streamline  their  businesses,  as  sensors  collect  all  the  important  data  at  all  times.  with  the  use  of  these  sensors,  any  product  manager  can  precisely  see  how  much  liquid  is  ready  to  be  distributed  and  whether  the  manufacturing  should  be  stepped  up.  there  are  two  basic  level  measurement  types:  point  level  sensors:  point  level  sensors  usually  detect  the  particular  specific  level  and  respond  to  the  user  if  the  sensing  object  is  above  or  below  that  level.  it  is  integrated  into  single  device  to  get  an  alarm  or  trigger  continuous
__label__situationalsurveillance level  sensor:  continuous  level  sensors  measure  liquid  or  dry  material  levels  within  a  specified  range  and  provide  outputs  which  continuously  indicate  the  level.  the  best  example  of  it  is  fuel  level  display  in  the  vehicle.  image  sensors  are  instruments  which  are  used  to  convert  optical  images  into  electronic  signals  for  displaying  or  storing  files  electronically.  the  major  use  of  image  sensor  is  found  in  digital  camera  modules,  medical  imaging  and  night  vision  equipment,thermal  imaging  devices,  radar,  sonar,  media  house,  biometric  iris  devices.  two  main  types  of  sensors  are  used  in:  ccd  chargecoupled  device  and  cmos  complementary  metaloxide  semiconductor  imagers.  although
__label__situationalsurveillance each  type  of  sensor  uses  different  technology  to  capture  images,  both  ccd  and  cmos  imagers  use  metaloxide  semiconductors,  having  the  same  degree  of  sensitivity  to  light,  and  no  inherent  quality  difference  an  average  consumer  would  think  that  this  is  a  regular  camera,  but  even  though  this  is  not  far  from  the  truth,  image  sensors  are  connected  with  a  wide  range  of  different  devices,  making  their  functionality  much  better.  one  of  the  bestknown  uses  includes  the  car  industry,  in  which  imagery  plays  a  very  important  role.  with  these  sensors,  the  system  can  recognize  signs,  obstacles  and  many  other  things  that  a
__label__situationalsurveillance driver  would  generally  notice  on  the  road.  they  play  a  very  important  role  in  iot  industry,  as  they  directly  affect  the  progress  of  driverless  cars.  they  are  also  implemented  in  improved  security  systems,  where  images  help  capture  details  about  the  perpetrator.  in  the  retail  industry,  these  sensors  serve  to  collect  data  about  customers,  helping  businesses  get  a  better  insight  into  who  is  actually  visiting  their  store,  race,  gender,  age  are  only  some  of  the  useful  parameters  that  retail  owners  get  by  using  these  iot  sensors.  a  motion  detector  is  an  electronic  device  which  is  used  to  detect  the  physical  movementmotion
__label__situationalsurveillance in  a  given  area  and  it  transforms  motion  into  an  electric  signal  ;  motion  of  any  object  or  motion  of  human  beings  motion  detection  plays  an  important  role  in  the  security  industry.  businesses  utilize  these  sensors  in  areas  where  no  movement  should  be  detected  at  all  times,  and  it  is  easy  to  notice  anybodys  presence  with  these  sensors  installed.  these  are  primarily  used  for  intrusion  detection  systems,  automatics  door  control,  boom  barrier,  smart  camera  i.e  motion  based  capture/video  recording,toll  plaza,  automatic  parking  systems,  automated  sinks/toilet  flusher,hand  dryers,energy  management  systemsi.e.  automated  lighting,  ac,  fan,  appliances  control  etc.  on  the  other  hand,
__label__situationalsurveillance these  sensors  can  also  decipher  different  types  of  movements,  making  them  useful  in  some  industries  where  a  customer  can  communicate  with  the  system  by  waving  a  hand  or  by  performing  a  similar  action.  for  example,  someone  can  wave  to  a  sensor  in  the  retail  store  to  request  assistance  with  making  the  right  purchase  decision.  even  though  their  primary  use  is  correlated  with  the  security  industry,  as  the  technology  advances,  the  number  of  possible  applications  of  these  sensors  is  only  going  to  grow.  following  are  key  motion  sensor  types  widely  used:  passive  infrared  pir  :  it  detects  body  heat  infrared  energy
__label__situationalsurveillance and  the  most  widely  used  motion  sensor  in  home  security  systems.  ultrasonic  :  sends  out  pulses  of  ultrasonic  waves  and  measures  the  reflection  off  a  moving  object  by  tracking  the  speed  of  sound  waves.  microwave  :  sends  out  radio  wave  pulses  and  measures  the  reflection  off  a  moving  object.  they  cover  a  larger  area  than  infrared  ultrasonic  sensors,  but  they  are  vulnerable  to  electrical  interference  and  more  expensive.  accelerometer  is  a  transducer  that  is  used  to  measure  the  physical  or  measurable  acceleration  experienced  by  an  object  due  to  inertial  forces  and  converts  the  mechanical  motion  into  an  electrical  output.  it
__label__situationalsurveillance is  defined  as  rate  of  change  of  velocity  with  respect  to  time  these  sensors  are  now  present  in  millions  of  devices,  such  as  smartphones.  their  uses  involve  detection  of  vibrations,  tilting  and  acceleration  in  general.  this  is  great  for  monitoring  your  driving  fleet,  or  using  a  smart  pedometer.  in  some  instances,  it  is  used  as  a  form  of  antitheft  protection,  as  the  sensor  can  send  an  alert  through  the  system  if  an  object  that  should  remain  stationary  is  moved.  they  are  widely  used  in  cellular  media  devices,  vibration  measurement,  automotive  control  and  detection,  free  fall  detection,  aircraft  and  aviation  industries,
__label__situationalsurveillance movement  detection,  sports  academy/athletes  behavior  monitoring,  consumer  electronics,  industrial  construction  sites  etc.  there  are  various  kinds  of  accelerometers  and  following  are  few  mainly  used  in  iot  projects:  halleffect  accelerometers  :  halleffect  accelerometers  are  using  hall  principle  to  measure  the  acceleration,  it  measures  the  voltage  variations  caused  by  changes  in  a  magnetic  field  around  them.  capacitive  accelerometers  :  capacitive  accelerometers  sensing  output  voltage  dependents  on  the  distance  between  two  planar  surfaces.  capacitive  accelerometers  are  also  less  prone  to  noise  and  variation  with  temperature.  piezoelectric  accelerometers:  piezoelectric  sensing  principle  is  working  on  the  piezoelectric  effect.  piezofilm  based  accelerometers  are  best  used  to
__label__situationalsurveillance measure  vibration,  shock,  and  pressure.  each  accelerometer  sensing  technology  has  its  own  advantages  and  compromises.  before  selecting,  its  important  to  understand  the  basic  differences  of  the  various  types  and  the  test  requirements.  gyroscope  sensors  :  a  sensor  or  device  which  is  used  to  measure  the  angular  rate  or  angular  velocity  is  known  as  gyro  sensors,  angular  velocity  is  simply  defined  as  a  measurement  of  speed  of  rotation  around  an  axis.  it  is  a  device  used  primarily  for  navigation  and  measurement  of  angular  and  rotational  velocity  in  3axis  directions.  the  most  important  application  is  monitoring  the  orientation  of  an  object.  their
__label__situationalsurveillance main  applications  are  in  car  navigation  systems,  game  controllers,cellular  camera  devices,  consumer  electronics,  robotics  control,  drone  rc  control  helicopter  or  uav  control,  vehicle  control/adas  and  many  more.  there  are  several  different  kinds  of  gyro  sensors  which  are  selected  by  their  working  mechanism,  output  type,  power,  sensing  range  and  environmental  conditions.  rotary  classical  gyroscopes  vibrating  structure  gyroscope  optical  gyroscopes  memsmicroelectromechanical  systems  gyroscopes  these  sensors  are  always  combined  with  accelerometers.  the  use  of  these  two  sensors  simply  provides  more  feedback  to  the  system.  with  gyroscopic  sensors  installed,  many  devices  can  help  athletes  improve  the  efficiency  of  their  movements,  as  they  gain  access
__label__situationalsurveillance to  the  athletes  movement  during  sports  activities.  this  is  only  one  example  of  its  application,  however,  as  the  role  of  this  sensor  is  to  detect  rotation  or  twist,  its  application  is  crucial  for  the  automation  of  some  manufacturing  processes.  humidity  is  defined  as  the  amount  of  water  vapour  in  an  atmosphere  of  air  or  other  gases.  the  most  commonly  used  terms  are  relative  humidity  rh  these  sensors  usually  follow  the  use  of  temperature  sensors,  as  many  manufacturing  processes  require  perfect  working  conditions.  through  measuring  humidity,  you  can  ensure  that  the  whole  process  runs  smoothly,  and  when  there  is  any  sudden
__label__situationalsurveillance change,  action  can  be  taken  immediately,  as  sensors  detect  the  change  almost  instantaneously.  their  applications  and  use  can  be  found  in  industrial  residential  domain  for  heating,  ventilating,  and  air  conditioning  systems  control.  they  can  also  be  found  in  automotive,  museums,  industrial  spaces  and  greenhouses  ,  meteorology  stations,paint  and  coatings  industries,  hospitals  pharma  industries  to  protect  medicines  a  sensor  which  measures  the  physical  quantity  of  light  rays  and  convert  it  into  electrical  signal  which  can  be  easily  readable  by  user  or  an  electronic  instrument/device  is  called  optical  sensor.  optical  sensors  are  loved  by  ,  as  they  are  practical  for  measuring  different
__label__situationalsurveillance things  simultaneously.  the  technology  behind  this  sensor  allows  it  to  monitor  electromagnetic  energy,  which  includes,  electricity,  light  and  so  on.  due  to  this  fact,  these  sensors  have  found  use  in  healthcare,  environment  monitoring,  energy,  aerospace  and  many  more  industries.  with  their  presence  oil  companies,  pharmaceutical  companies  and  mining  companies  are  in  a  much  better  position  to  track  environmental  changes  while  keeping  their  employees  safe.t  their  main  use  can  be  found  in  ambient  light  detection,  digital  optical  switches,  optical  fibres  communications,due  to  electrical  isolation  best  suited  for  oil  and  gas  applications,  civil  and  transportation  fields,  high  speed  network  systems,  elevator  door
__label__situationalsurveillance control,  assembly  line  part  counters  and  safety  systems.  following  are  key  type  of  optical  sensors:  photodetector:  it  uses  light  sensitive  semiconductor  materials  like  photocells,photodiodes  or  phototransistors  to  work  as  photodetector  fiber  optics  :  fibers  optics  carry  no  current,  so  its  immune  to  electrical  electromagnetics  interference  and  even  in  damaged  condition  no  sparking  or  shock  hazard  happens.  pyrometer  :  it  estimates  the  temperature  of  an  object  by  sensing  the  color  of  the  light  and  objects  radiate  light  according  to  their  temperature  and  produce  same  colors  at  same  temperature.  proximity  infrared  :  proximity  use  light  to  sense  objects  nearby  and  infrared  are
__label__situationalsurveillance used  where  visible  light  would  be  inconvenient.  it  is  clear  that  iot  has  become  incredibly  popular,  and  current  trends  show  that  it  is  the  future.  it  simply  helps  with  automation  of  various  processes,  making  these  systems  quite  useful  for  both  regular  consumers  and  businesses.  we  are  yet  to  see  the  full  potential  this  technology  carries,  as  the  whole  platform  is  becoming  smarter  through  the  fusion  of  all  the  abovementioned  sensors.  when  you  consider  the  fact  that  all  of  the  measured  data  is  collected  and  can  be  analyzed,  it  is  obvious  that  iot  is  going  to  become  even  smarter  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance future.  iot,  or  the  internet  of  things  is  considered  to  be  one  of  the  major  gamechanging  iot  app  development  is  more  than  just  connected  devices  and  network.  it  is  also  about  get  updates  on  your  email.  be  thorough,  plan  it  meticulously  to  make  your  app  a  success.  top  15  mistakes  other  companies  made  while  implementing  enterprisemobility.  make  sure  you  plan  in  advance  drop  in  your  details  and  an  analyst  will  be  in  touch  with  you  at  the  earliest.  suite  202,  600  e.  john  carpenter  fwy  irving,  texas  75062  tower  b,  9th  floor,  noida  one,  b  8,  block  b,  sector  62,
__label__situationalsurveillance noida,  up  201309,  be  thorough,  plan  it  meticulously  to  make  your  app  a  success.  top  15  mistakes  other  companies  made  while  implementing  enterprise  mobility.  make  sure  you  plan  in  advance  is  your  developer  playing  a  foul  game?  20102019  finoit  technologies  i  pvt  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  complete  guide  to  machine  learning  for  sensors  and  signal  data  machine  learning  for  sensors  and  signal  data  is  becoming  easier  than  ever:  hardware  is  becoming  smaller  and  sensors  are  getting  cheaper,  making  iot  devices  widely  available  for  a  variety  of  applications  ranging  from  predictive  maintenance  to  user  behavior  monitoring.  whether  you  are  using  sounds,  vibrations,  images,  electrical  signals  or  accelerometer  or  other  kinds  of  sensor  data,  you  can  build  richer  analytics  by  teaching  a  machine  to  detect  and  classify  events  happening  in  realtime,  at  the  edge,  using  an  inexpensive  microcontroller  for  processing  even  with  noisy,  high  variation  data.  go
__label__situationalsurveillance beyond  the  fast  fourier  transform  fft.  this  definitive  guide  to  machine  learning  for  high  samplerate  sensor  data  is  packed  with  tips  from  our  signal  processing  and  machine  learning  experts.  rich  data,  poor  data:  getting  the  most  out  of  sensors  its  all  about  the  features  machine  learning:  the  lab  vs  the  real  world  modeldriven  vs  datadriven  methods  for  working  with  sensors  and  signals  what  is  a  sensor,  anyway?  5  tips  for  collecting  machine  learning  data  from  highsamplerate  sensors  accelerometers  and  vibration  sensors  are  having  their  day.  as  prices  have  come  down  drastically,  we  are  seeing  more  and  more  companies  instrumenting  all
__label__situationalsurveillance kinds  of  devices  and  equipment.  industrial,  automotive  and  consumer  products  use  cases  are  proliferating  almost  as  fast  as  startups  with  ai  in  their  names.  in  many  cases,  particularly  in  ,  the  purpose  of  the  new  instrumentation  is  to  monitor  machines  in  new  ways  to  improve  uptime  and  reduce  cost  by  predicting  maintenance  problems  before  they  occur.  vibration  sensors  are  an  obvious  goto  here,  as  vibration  analysis  has  a  long  history  in  industrial  circles  for  machine  diagnosis.  at  reality  ai,  we  see  our  industrial  customers  trying  to  get  results  from  all  kinds  of  sensor  implementations.  many  of  these  implementations  are  carefully
__label__situationalsurveillance engineered  to  provide  reliable,  controlled,  groundtruthed,  rich  data.  and  many  are  not.  in  vibration  data,  there  are  certainly  things  you  can  detect  by  just  looking  at  how  much  something  shakes.  to  see  how  much  something  is  shaking,  one  generally  looks  at  the  amplitudes  of  the  movement  and  calculates  the  amount  of  energy  in  the  movement.  most  often,  this  means  using  measures  of  vibration  intensity  such  as  rms  and  peaktopeak.  looking  at  changes  in  these  kinds  of  measures  can  usually  determine  whether  the  machine  is  seriously  out  of  balance,  for  instance,  or  whether  it  has  been  subject  to  an  impact.  for
__label__situationalsurveillance more  subtle  kinds  of  conditions,  like  identifying  wear  and  maintenance  issues,  just  knowing  that  a  machine  is  shaking  more  isnt  enough.  you  need  to  know  whether  its  shaking  differently.  that  requires  much  richer  information  than  a  simple  rms  energy.  higher  sample  rates  are  often  required,  and  different  measures.  trained  vibration  analysts  would  generally  go  to  the  fast  fourier  transform  fft  to  calculate  how  much  energy  is  present  in  different  frequency  bands,  typically  looking  for  spectral  peaks  at  different  multiples  of  the  rotational  frequency  of  the  machine  for  rotating  equipment,  that  is;  other  kinds  of  equipment  are  more  difficult  with  fourier
__label__situationalsurveillance analysis.  other  tools,  like  reality  ai,  do  more  complex  transforms  based  on  the  actual  multidimensional  timewaveforms  captured  directly  from  the  accelerometer.  figure  1  this  example  shows  a  time  series  of  data  from  an  accelerometer  attached  to  a  machine  in  a  manufacturing  facility.  x,  y  and  z  components  of  the  acceleration  vector  are  averaged  over  one  second.  there  is  very  little  information  in  this  data  in  fact,  just  about  all  it  can  tell  us  is  which  direction  is  gravity.  this  data  was  provided  from  an  actual  customer  implementation,  and  is  basically  useless  for  anomaly  detection,  condition  monitoring,  or  predictive  maintenance.  figure
__label__situationalsurveillance 2  this  example  shows  vibration  data  preprocessed  thru  a  fast  fourier  transform  fft  at  highfrequency  resolution.  the  xaxis  is  frequency  and  the  yaxis  is  intensity.  this  data  is  much  more  useful  than  figure  1  the  spikes  occurring  at  multiples  of  the  base  rotation  frequency  give  important  information  about  whats  happening  in  the  machine  and  is  most  useful  for  rotating  equipment.  fft  data  can  be  good  for  many  applications,  but  it  discards  a  great  deal  of  information  from  the  timedomain.  it  shows  only  a  snapshot  in  time  this  entire  chart  is  an  expansion  of  a  single  data  point  from  figure  1.
__label__situationalsurveillance figure  3  raw  timewaveform  data  as  sampled  directly  from  the  accelerometer.  this  data  is  informationdense  being  the  raw  data  from  which  both  the  simple  averages  in  figure  1  and  the  fft  in  figure  2  were  computed.  here  we  have  frequency  information  is  much  more  resolution  than  the  fft,  coupled  with  important  time  information  such  as  transient  and  phase.  we  also  see  all  of  the  noise,  however,  which  can  make  it  more  difficult  for  human  analysts  to  use.  but  datadriven  algorithms  like  those  used  by  extract  maximum  value  from  this  kind  of  data.  it  holds  important  signatures  of  conditions,  maintenance  issues,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  anomalous  behavior.  but  rich  data  brings  rich  problems  more  expensive  sensors,  difficulty  in  interrupting  the  line  to  install  instrumentation,  bandwidth  requirements  for  getting  data  off  the  local  node.  many  just  go  with  the  cheapest  possible  sensor  packages,  limit  themselves  to  simple  metrics  like  rms  and  peaktopeak,  and  basically  discard  almost  all  of  the  information  contained  in  those  vibrations.  others  use  sensor  packages  that  sample  at  higher  rates  and  compute  ffts  locally  with  good  frequency  resolution,  and  tools  like  reality  ai  can  make  good  use  of  this  kind  of  data.  some,  however,  make  the  investment  in  sensors  that  can  capture
__label__situationalsurveillance the  original  timewaveform  itself  at  high  sample  rates,  and  work  with  tools  like  reality  ai  to  get  as  much  out  of  their  data  as  possible.  but  i  hear  you  asking  isnt  that  overkill?  do  i  really  need  high  sample  rates  and  timewaveforms  or  at  least  hiresolution  fft?  maybe  you  do.  are  you  trying  to  predict  bearing  wear  in  advance  of  a  failure?  then  you  do.  are  you  trying  to  identify  subtle  anomalies  that  arent  manifested  by  large  movements  and  heavy  shaking?  then  you  do  too.  is  the  environment  noisy?  with  a  good  bit  of  variation  both  in  target  and  background?
__label__situationalsurveillance then  you  really,  really  do.  time  waveform  and  highresolution  fft  are  what  we  describe  as  rich  data.  theres  a  lot  of  information  in  there,  and  they  give  analytical  tools  like  ours  which  look  for  signatures  and  detect  anomalies  a  great  deal  to  work  with.  they  make  it  possible  to  tell  that,  even  though  a  machine  is  not  vibrating  more  than  it  used  to,  it  is  vibrating  differently.  rms  and  peaktopeak  kinds  of  measures,  on  the  other  hand,  are  poor  data.  they  dont  tell  you  much,  and  discard  much  of  the  information  necessary  to  make  the  judgements  that  you  most  want
__label__situationalsurveillance to  make.  theyre  basically  just  highlevel  descriptive  statistics  that  discard  almost  all  the  essential  signature  information  you  need  to  find  granular  events  and  conditions  that  justify  the  value  of  the  sensor  implementation  in  the  first  place.  and  as  this  excellent  example  from  another  domain  shows,  descriptive  statistics  just  dont  let  you  see  the  most  interesting  things.  figure  4  why  basic  statistics  are  never  enough.  all  of  these  plots  have  the  same  x  and  y  means,  the  same  x  and  y  standard  deviations,  and  the  same  x:y  correlation.  with  just  the  averages,  youd  never  see  any  of  these  patterns  in  your
__label__situationalsurveillance data.  source:  in  practical  terms  for  vibration  analysis,  what  does  that  mean?  it  means  that  by  relying  only  on  highlevel  descriptive  statistics  poor  data  rather  than  the  time  and  frequency  domains  rich  data,  you  will  miss  anomalies,  fail  to  detect  signatures,  and  basically  sacrifice  most  of  the  value  that  your  implementation  could  potentially  deliver.  yes,  it  may  be  more  complicated  to  implement.  it  may  be  more  expensive.  but  it  can  deliver  exponentially  higher  value.  were  an  ai  company,  so  people  always  ask  about  our  algorithms.  if  we  could  get  a  dollar  for  every  time  were  asked  about  which  flavor  of
__label__situationalsurveillance machine  learning  we  use  convolutional  neural  nets,  kmeans,  or  whatever  we  would  never  need  another  dollar  of  vc  investment  ever  again.  but  the  truth  is  that  algorithms  are  not  the  most  important  thing  for  building  ai  solutions  data  is.  algorithms  arent  even  2.  people  in  the  trenches  of  machine  learning  know  that  once  you  have  the  data,  its  really  all  about  features.  in  machine  learning  parlance,  features  are  the  specific  variables  that  are  used  as  input  to  an  algorithm.  features  can  be  selections  of  raw  values  from  input  data,  or  can  be  values  derived  from  that  data.  with  the  right
__label__situationalsurveillance features,  almost  any  machine  learning  algorithm  will  find  what  youre  looking  for.  without  good  features,  none  will.  and  thats  especially  true  for  realworld  problems  where  data  comes  with  lots  of  inherent  noise  and  variation.  my  colleague  jeff  the  other  likes  to  use  this  example:  suppose  im  trying  to  detect  when  my  wife  comes  home.  ill  take  a  sensor,  point  it  at  the  doorway  and  collect  data.  to  use  machine  learning  on  that  data,  ill  need  to  identify  a  set  of  features  that  help  distinguish  my  wife  from  anything  else  that  the  sensor  might  see.  what  would  be  the  best  feature
__label__situationalsurveillance to  use?  one  that  indicates,  there  she  is  it  would  be  perfect  one  bit  with  complete  predictive  power.  the  machine  learning  task  would  be  rendered  trivial.  if  only  we  could  figure  out  how  to  compute  better  features  directly  from  the  underlying  data  deep  learning  accomplishes  this  trick  with  layers  of  convolutional  neural  nets,  but  that  carries  a  great  deal  of  computational  overhead.  there  are  other  ways.  at  reality  ai,  where  our  tools  create  classifiers  and  detectors  based  on  high  sample  rate  signal  inputs  accelerometer,  vibration,  sound,  electrical  signals,  etc  that  often  have  high  levels  of  noise  and  natural  variation,  we
__label__situationalsurveillance focus  on  discovering  features  that  deliver  the  greatest  predictive  power  with  the  lowest  computational  overhead.  our  tools  follow  a  mathematical  process  for  discovering  optimized  features  from  the  data  before  worrying  about  the  particulars  of  algorithms  that  will  make  decisions  with  those  features.  the  closer  our  tools  get  to  perfect  features,  the  better  end  results  become.  we  need  less  data,  use  less  training  time,  are  more  accurate,  and  require  less  processing  power.  its  a  very  powerful  method.  for  an  example,  lets  look  at  feature  selection  in  highsample  rate  50hz  on  up  iot  signal  data,  like  vibration  or  sound.  in  the  signal
__label__situationalsurveillance processing  world,  the  engineers  goto  for  feature  selection  is  usually  frequency  analysis.  the  usual  approach  to  machine  learning  on  this  kind  of  data  would  be  to  take  a  signal  input,  run  a  fast  fourier  transform  fft  on  it,  and  consider  the  peaks  in  those  frequency  coefficients  as  inputs  for  a  neural  network  or  some  other  algorithm.  why  this  approach?  probably  because  its  convenient,  since  all  the  tools  these  engineers  use  support  it.  probably  because  they  understand  it,  since  everyone  learns  the  fft  in  engineering  school.  and  probably  because  its  easy  to  explain,  since  the  results  are  easily  relatable  back  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  underlying  physics.  but  the  fft  rarely  provides  an  optimal  feature  set,  and  it  often  blurs  important  time  information  that  could  be  extremely  useful  for  classification  or  detection  in  the  underlying  signals.  take  for  example  this  early  test  comparing  our  optimized  features  to  the  fft  on  a  moderately  complex,  noisy  group  of  signals.  in  the  first  graph  below  we  show  a  timefrequency  plot  of  fft  results  on  this  particular  signal  input  this  type  of  plot  is  called  a  spectrogram.  the  vertical  axis  is  frequency,  and  the  horizontal  axis  is  time,  over  which  the  fft  is  repeatedly  computed  for  a  specified
__label__situationalsurveillance window  on  the  streaming  signal.  the  colors  are  a  heatmap,  with  the  warmer  colors  indicating  more  energy  in  that  particular  frequency  range.  timefrequency  plot  showing  features  based  on  fft  timefrequency  plot  showing  features  based  on  reality  ai  compare  that  chart  to  one  showing  optimized  features  for  this  particular  classification  problem  generated  using  our  methods.  on  this  plot  you  can  see  what  is  happening  with  much  greater  resolution,  and  the  facts  become  much  easier  to  visualize.  looking  at  this  chart  its  crystal  clear  that  the  underlying  signal  consists  of  a  multitone  low  background  hum  accompanied  by  a  series  of  escalating  chirps,
__label__situationalsurveillance with  a  couple  of  other  transient  things  going  on.  the  information  is  deblurred,  noise  is  suppressed,  and  you  dont  need  to  be  a  signal  processing  engineer  to  understand  that  the  detection  problem  has  just  been  made  a  whole  lot  easier.  theres  another  key  benefit  to  optimizing  features  from  the  get  go  the  resulting  classifier  will  be  significantly  more  computationally  efficient.  why  is  that  important?  it  may  not  be  if  you  have  unlimited,  free  computing  power  at  your  disposal.  but  if  you  are  looking  to  minimize  processing  charges,  or  are  trying  to  embed  your  solution  on  the  cheapest  possible  hardware  target,
__label__situationalsurveillance it  is  critical.  for  embedded  solutions,  memory  and  clock  cycles  are  likely  to  be  your  most  precious  resources,  and  spending  time  to  get  the  features  right  is  your  best  way  to  conserve  them.  at  reality  ai,  we  have  our  own  methods  for  discovering  optimized  features  in  signal  data  read  more  about  our  ,  but  ours  are  not  the  only  way.  as  mentioned  above,  deep  learning  dl  also  discovers  features,  though  they  are  rarely  optimized.  still,  dl  approaches  have  been  very  successful  with  certain  kinds  of  problems  using  signal  data,  including  object  recognition  in  images  and  speech  recognition  in  sound.  it
__label__situationalsurveillance can  be  a  highly  effective  approach  for  a  wide  range  of  problems,  but  dl  requires  a  great  deal  of  training  data,  is  not  very  computationally  efficient,  and  can  be  difficult  for  a  nonexpert  to  use.  there  is  often  a  sensitive  dependence  of  classifier  accuracy  on  a  large  number  of  configuration  parameters,  leading  many  of  those  who  work  with  dl  to  focus  heavily  on  tweaking  previously  used  networks  rather  than  focusing  on  finding  the  best  features  for  each  new  problem.  learning  happens  automatically,  so  why  worry  about  it?  my  cofounder  jeff  the  mathematician  explains  that  dl  is  basically  a  generalized  nonlinear
__label__situationalsurveillance function  mapping  cool  mathematics,  but  with  a  ridiculously  slow  convergence  rate  compared  to  almost  any  other  method.  our  approach,  on  the  other  hand,  is  tuned  to  signals  but  delivers  much  faster  convergence  with  less  data.  on  applications  for  which  realty  ai  is  a  good  fit,  this  kind  of  approach  will  be  orders  of  magnitude  more  efficient  than  dl.  the  very  public  successes  of  deep  learning  in  products  like  apples  siri,  the  amazon  echo,  and  the  image  tagging  features  available  on  google  and  facebook  have  led  the  community  to  overfocus  a  little  on  the  algorithm  side  of  things.  there  has  been
__label__situationalsurveillance a  tremendous  amount  of  exciting  innovation  in  ml  algorithms  in  and  around  deep  learning.  but  lets  not  forget  the  fundamentals.  its  really  all  about  the  features.  not  long  ago,  techcrunch  ran  a  story  reporting  on  carnegie  mellon  research  showing  that  an  .  these  folks  at  the  cmu  humancomputer  interaction  institute  had  apparently  modified  a  smartwatch  os  to  capture  4  khz  accelerometer  waveforms  most  wearable  devices  capture  at  rates  up  to  0.1  khz,  and  discovered  that  with  more  data  you  could  detect  a  lot  more  things.  they  could  detect  specific  hand  gestures,  and  could  even  tell  a  what  kind  of  thing
__label__situationalsurveillance a  person  was  touching  or  holding  based  on  vibrations  communicated  thru  the  human  body.  is  that  an  electric  toothbrush,  a  stapler,  or  the  steering  wheel  of  a  running  automobile?  to  those  of  us  working  in  the  field,  including  those  at  carnegie  mellon,  this  was  no  great  revelation.  duh  of  course,  you  can  it  was  a  nicebutlimited  academic  confirmation  of  what  many  people  already  know  and  are  working  on.  techcrunch,  however,  in  typical  breathless  fashion,  reported  as  if  it  were  news.  apparently,  the  reporter  was  unaware  of  the  many  commercially  available  products  that  perform  gesture  recognition  among  them  from  thalmic  labs,
__label__situationalsurveillance using  its  proprietary  hardware,  or  some  20  others  offering  smartwatch  tools.  it  seems  he  was  also  completely  unaware  of  commercially  available  toolkits  for  identifying  very  subtle  vibrations  and  accelerometry  to  detect  machines  conditions  in  noisy,  complex  environments  like  our  own  reality  ai  for  ,  or  to  detect  user  activity  and  environment  in  wearables  reality  ai  for  .  but  my  purpose  is  not  to  air  sour  grapes  over  lazy  reporting.  rather,  id  like  to  use  this  case  to  illustrate  some  key  issues  about  using  machine  learning  to  make  products  for  the  real  world:  generalization  vs  overtraining,  and  the  difference  between  a
__label__situationalsurveillance laboratory  trial  like  that  study  and  a  realworld  deployment.  generalization  refers  to  the  ability  of  a  classifier  or  detector,  built  using  machine  learning,  to  correctly  identify  examples  that  were  not  included  in  the  original  training  set.  overtraining  refers  to  a  classifier  that  has  learned  to  identify  with  high  accuracy  the  specific  examples  on  which  it  was  trained,  but  does  poorly  on  similar  examples  it  hasnt  seen  before.  an  overtrained  classifier  has  learned  its  training  set  too  well  in  effect  memorizing  the  specifics  of  the  training  examples  without  the  ability  to  spot  similar  examples  again  in  the  wild.  thats  ok  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  lab  when  youre  trying  to  determine  whether  something  is  detectable  at  all,  but  an  overtrained  classifier  will  never  be  useful  out  in  the  real  world.  typically,  the  best  guard  against  overtraining  is  to  use  a  training  set  that  captures  as  much  of  the  expected  variation  in  target  and  environment  as  possible.  if  you  want  to  detect  when  a  type  of  machine  is  exhibiting  a  particular  condition,  for  example,  include  in  your  training  data  many  examples  of  that  type  of  machine  exhibiting  that  condition,  and  exhibiting  it  under  a  range  of  operating  conditions,  loads,  etc.  it  also  helps  to  be
__label__situationalsurveillance very  skeptical  of  perfect  results.  accuracy  nearing  100  on  small  sample  sets  is  a  classic  symptom  of  overtraining.  its  impossible  to  be  sure  without  looking  more  closely  at  the  underlying  data,  model,  and  validation  results,  but  this  cmu  study  shows  classic  signs  of  overtraining.  both  the  training  and  validation  sets  contain  a  single  example  of  each  target  machine  collected  under  carefully  controlled  conditions.  and  to  validate,  they  appear  to  use  a  group  of  17  subjects  holding  the  same  single  examples  of  each  machine.  in  a  nod  to  capturing  variation,  they  have  each  subject  stand  in  different  rooms  when  holding  the
__label__situationalsurveillance example  machines,  but  its  a  far  cry  from  the  full  extent  of  realworld  variability.  their  result  has  most  objects  hitting  100  accuracy,  with  a  couple  of  objects  showing  a  little  lower.  small  sample  sizes.  reuse  of  training  objects  for  validation.  limited  variation.  very  high  accuracy...  classic  overtraining.  illustration  from  the  cmu  study  using  vibrations  captured  with  an  overclocked  smartwatch  to  detect  what  object  a  person  is  holding.  it  is  possible  to  detect  overtraining  and  estimate  how  well  a  machine  learning  classifier  or  detector  will  generalize.  at  reality  ai,  our  goto  diagnostic  is  the  kfold  validation,  generated  routinely  by  our  tools.
__label__situationalsurveillance kfold  validation  involves  repeatedly  1  holding  out  a  randomly  selected  portion  of  the  training  data  say  10,  2  training  on  the  remainder  90,  3  classifying  the  holdout  data  using  the  90  trained  model,  and  4  recording  the  results.  generally,  holdouts  do  not  overlap,  so,  for  example,  10  independent  trials  would  be  completed  for  a  10  holdout.  holdouts  may  be  balanced  across  groups  and  validation  may  be  averaged  over  multiple  runs,  but  the  key  is  that  in  each  iteration  the  classifier  is  tested  on  data  that  was  not  part  of  its  training.  the  accuracy  will  almost  certainly  be  lower  than  what
__label__situationalsurveillance you  compute  by  applying  the  model  to  its  training  data  a  stat  we  refer  to  as  class  separation,  rather  than  accuracy,  but  it  will  be  a  much  better  predictor  of  how  well  the  classifier  will  perform  in  the  wild  at  least  to  the  degree  that  your  training  set  resembles  the  real  world.  counterintuitively,  classifiers  with  weaker  class  separation  often  hold  up  better  in  kfold.  it  is  not  uncommon  that  a  near  perfect  accuracy  on  the  training  data  drops  precipitously  in  kfold  while  a  slightly  weaker  classifier  maintains  excellent  generalization  performance.  and  isnt  that  what  youre  really  after?  better  performance  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  real  world  on  new  observations?  getting  highclass  separation,  but  low  kfold?  you  have  a  model  that  has  been  overtrained,  with  poor  ability  to  generalize.  back  to  the  drawing  board.  maybe  select  a  less  aggressive  machine  learning  model,  or  revisit  your  feature  selection.  reality  ai  does  this  automatically.  be  careful,  though,  because  the  converse  is  not  true:  a  good  kfold  does  not  guarantee  a  deployable  classifier.  the  only  way  to  know  for  sure  what  youve  missed  in  the  lab  is  to  test  in  the  wild.  not  perfect?  no  problem:  collect  more  training  data  capturing  more  examples  of  underrepresented  variation.  a
__label__situationalsurveillance good  development  tool  like  ours  will  make  it  easy  to  support  rapid,  iterative  improvements  of  your  classifiers.  lab  experiments  like  this  cmu  study  dont  need  to  care  much  about  generalization  they  are  constructed  to  illustrate  a  very  specific  point,  prove  a  concept,  and  move  on.  realworld  products,  on  the  other  hand,  must  perform  a  useful  function  in  a  variety  of  unforeseen  circumstances.  for  machine  learning  classifiers  used  in  realworld  products,  the  ability  generalize  is  critical.  but  its  not  the  only  thing.  deployment  considerations  matter  too.  can  it  run  in  the  cloud,  or  is  it  destined  for  a  processor,  memory  and/or
__label__situationalsurveillance powerconstrained  environment?  to  the  cmu  guys  good  luck  getting  acceptable  battery  life  out  of  an  overclocked  smartwatch  how  computationally  intensive  is  the  solution,  and  can  it  be  run  in  the  target  environment  with  the  memory  and  processing  cycles  available  to  it?  what  responsetime  or  latency  is  acceptable?  these  issues  must  be  factored  into  a  product  design,  and  into  the  choice  of  machinelearning  model  supporting  that  product.  tools  like  reality  ai  can  help.  they  can  train  new  models  and  run  kfold  diagnostics  among  others  to  guard  against  overtraining  and  predictability  to  generalize.  and  when  theyre  done,  they  can  deploy  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance cloud,  or  export  code  to  be  compiled  for  their  specific  embedded  environment.  rd  engineers  creating  realworld  products  dont  have  the  luxury  of  controlled  environments  overtraining  leads  to  a  failed  product.  lab  experiments  dont  face  that  reality.  neither  do  techcrunch  reporters.  there  are  two  main  paradigms  for  solving  classification  and  detection  problems  in  sensor  data:  modeldriven,  and  datadriven.  modeldriven  is  the  way  everybody  learned  to  do  it  in  engineering  school.  start  with  a  solid  idea  of  how  the  physical  system  works  and  by  extension,  how  it  can  break.  consider  the  states  or  events  you  want  to  detect  and  generate  a  hypothesis
__label__situationalsurveillance about  what  aspects  of  that  might  be  detectable  from  the  outside  and  what  the  target  signal  will  look  like.  come  collected  samples  in  the  lab  and  try  to  confirm  a  correlation  between  what  you  record  and  what  you  are  trying  to  detect.  then  engineer  a  detector  by  hand  to  find  those  hardwon  features  out  in  the  real  world,  automatically.  datadriven  is  a  new  way  of  thinking,  enabled  by  machine  learning.  find  an  algorithm  that  can  spot  connections  and  correlations  that  you  may  not  even  know  to  suspect.  turn  it  loose  on  the  data.  magic  follows.  but  only  if  you  do
__label__situationalsurveillance it  right.  both  of  these  approaches  have  their  pluses  and  minuses:  modeldriven  approaches  are  powerful  because  they  rely  on  a  deep  understanding  of  the  system  or  process,  and  can  benefit  from  scientifically  established  relationships.  models  cant  accommodate  infinite  complexity  and  generally  must  be  simplified.  they  have  trouble  accounting  for  noisy  data  and  nonincluded  variables.  at  some  level  theyre  limited  by  the  amount  of  complexity  their  inventors  can  hold  in  their  heads.  who  builds  models?  the  engineers  that  understand  the  physical,  mechanical,  electronic,  data  flow,  or  other  appropriate  details  of  the  complex  system  inhouse  experts  or  consultants  that  work  for  a
__label__situationalsurveillance company  and  develop  its  products  or  operational  machinery.  these  are  generally  experienced  experts,  very  busy,  and  are  both  scarce  and  expensive  resources.  furthermore,  modeling  takes  time.  it  is  inherently  a  trialanderror  approach,  rooted  in  the  old  scientific  method  of  theorybased  hypothesis  formation  and  experimentbased  testing.  finding  a  suitable  model  and  refining  it  until  it  produces  the  desired  results  is  often  a  lengthy  process.  datadriven  approaches  based  on  machine  learning  require  a  good  bit  of  data  to  get  decent  results.  ai  tools  that  discover  features  and  trainup  classifiers  learn  from  examples,  and  there  need  to  be  enough  examples  to  cover  the
__label__situationalsurveillance full  range  of  expected  variation  and  null  cases.  some  tools  like  our  reality  ai  are  powerful  enough  to  generalize  from  limited  training  data  and  discover  viable  feature  sets  and  decision  criteria  on  their  own,  but  many  machine  learning  approaches  require  truly  big  data  to  get  meaningful  results  and  some  demand  their  own  type  of  experts  to  set  them  up.  reality  ai  tools  are  datadriven  machine  learning  tools  optimized  for  sensors  and  signals.  to  learn  more  about  our  datadriven  methods  visit  our  page  and  download  our  technical  whitepaper.  we  all  know  what  a  sensor  is,  right?  a  sensor  makes  sense  of
__label__situationalsurveillance physical  property  it  turns  something  about  the  physical  world  into  data  upon  which  a  system  can  act.  traditionally,  sensors  have  filled  well  defined,  singlepurpose  roles:  a  thermostat,  a  pressure  switch,  a  motion  detector,  an  oxygen  sensor,  a  knock  detector,  a  smoke  detector,  a  voltage  arrestor.  measure  one  thing,  and  transmit  a  very  simple  message  about  that  one  thing.  this  thinking  stems  from  several  hundred  years  of  physical  engineering  of  devices  and  persists  today  in  part  because  of  the  convenience  of  modular  thinking  in  system  design.  consider  your  smartphone:  it  has  sound  and  image  capability,  along  with  a  multiaxis  accelerometer,  3axis
__label__situationalsurveillance gyroscope,  magnetic  compass,  air  pressure,  light  levels,  touch,  you  name  it.  the  sensor  suite  on  current  generations  of  smartphone  would  completely  outclass  many  sensor  packages  flown  by  the  us  military  not  long  ago.  some  of  these  phonebased  sensors  still  use  dedicated  hardware  to  reduce  transduced  data  to  information,  but  increasingly  its  all  done  in  software:  acceleration,  gyro  and  other  data  is  reduced  to  a  screen  orientation,  to  a  phonetoear  detector,  and  to  navigational  inputs.  instead  of  the  oldschool  sensor  design,  chips  capable  of  capturing  highly  granular  physical  inputs  at  highfrequency  sample  rates  feed  software  run  in  local  memory  on  a
__label__situationalsurveillance local  processor,  reducing  that  data  stream  into  specific  inputs  needed  for  a  variety  of  different  purposes  by  the  os  and  by  apps.  even  the  radio  components  are  becoming  a  software  function.  because  the  decision  engine  no  longer  owns  the  transducer,  the  underlying  data  is  also  available  in  its  raw  form.  this  means  a  smartphone  app  can  increasingly  leverage  the  same  sensor  data  to  make  its  own  decisions  in  ways  never  specifically  intended  by  the  hardware  designer.  am  i  running,  walking,  or  standing  in  line?  am  i  on  the  bus  or  in  the  car?  hows  my  driving?  hows  my  workout  going?
__label__situationalsurveillance is  it  getting  dark  out?  is  it  the  ambient  crowd  noise  loud  enough  i  should  turn  up  the  volume?  whats  the  gender  and  age  of  the  speaker?  a  home  security  system  based  on  similar  thinking,  with  a  microphone  and  a  suitable  microcontroller,  can  do  much  with  a  softwaredefined  audio  processing  capability:  a  glass  break  detector,  a  footstep  detector,  a  heartbeat  counter,  a  doorknob  rattle  detector,  a  dog  bark  or  shout  detector,  a  trip  and  fall  sensor  for  grandma,  an  unauthorized  teenager  party  alarm,  all  of  these  sensors  defined  in  software  within  the  same,  flexible  hardware  box.  no  longer  the  one
__label__situationalsurveillance box,  one  answer,  traditional  security  sensor  design.  industrial  iot  applications  are  numerous,  and  many  are  already  in  production.  dedicated  physical  thermocouples  and  vibrationlimitswitches  are  being  replaced  with  digital  temperature  probes  and  accelerometers  attached  to  embedded  microcontrollers.  new  softwaredefined  sensing  can  now  employ  ai  and  predictive  analytics  like  ours  to  intervene  before  a  problem  happens.  we  can  now  alert  operators  to  a  pending  issue  or  needed  maintenance  with  time  for  critical,  highvalueprocesses  to  be  spooled  down  in  a  controlled,  planned  fashion  or  resolved  during  the  next  scheduled  downtime  so  no  interruption  is  necessary  at  all.  manufacturers  and  insurers  can  be  kept
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  loop  regarding  equipment  field  issues  and  parts  needs,  and  can  perform  postevent  forensics  after  critical  failures.  automotive  sensors  are  also  driving  this  way:  decision  making  functions  are  trending  away  from  hard  wired,  endpoint  transducers  and  toward  onboard  computers.  makers  know  this  places  increasing  flexibility  and  softwareadaptive  capability  into  the  hands  of  the  system  designers.  modularity  is  increasingly  moving  from  the  physical  layer  to  a  network  layer,  in  which  modules  are  connected  on  a  peertopeer  network,  exchanging  packetized  information.  while  this  network  layer  begins  as  a  digital  substitute  for  individual  electrical  circuits,  with  increasing  bandwidth  capacity  it  can  also
__label__situationalsurveillance provide  the  flexibility  for  devices  to  share  underlying  data  as  well  as  local  yes/no  decisions.  this  creates  an  unprecedented  opportunity  both  to  integrate  information  across  modalities  and  to  add  brand  new  capability,  ad  hoc,  in  the  form  of  software  sensors.  this  shift  in  thinking  also  opens  the  door  to  incorporating  more  complex,  aibased  algorithms,  rather  than  just  simple  condition  thresholds.  sensor  information  can  be  integrated  in  ever  more  complex  ways,  and  even  the  innocuous  electrical  panel  circuit  breaker  is  becoming  a  microcontroller  powered,  software  sensing  device.  this  only  makes  sense.  machine  learning  is  hard.  programming  for  embedded  environments,  where  processing
__label__situationalsurveillance cycles,  memory  and  power  are  all  in  short  supply  is  really  hard.  deploying  machine  learning  to  embedded  targets,  well  thats  been  pretty  close  to  impossible  for  all  but  the  simplest  scenarios  until  now.  new  modern  tools,  including  ours  from  reality  ai,  are  making  it  possible  to  use  highly  sophisticated  machine  learning  models  in  embedded  solutions  unlike  ever  before.  but  there  are  some  important  considerations.  but  lets  start  by  being  clear  about  what  were  talking  about:  highsamplerate  sensor  data  includes  things  like  sound  8  khz  44khz,  accelerometry  25  hz  and  up,  vibration  100hz  on  up  to  mhz,  voltage  and  current,  biometrics,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  any  other  kind  of  physicalworld  data  that  you  might  think  of  as  a  waveform.  with  this  kind  of  data,  you  are  generally  out  of  the  realm  of  the  statistician,  and  firmly  in  the  territory  of  the  signal  processing  engineer.  machine  logs  and  slower  time  series  eg  pressure  and  temperature  once  per  minute  can  be  analyzed  effectively  using  both  statistical  and  machine  learning  methods  intended  for  time  series  data.  but  these  highersamplerate  datasets  are  much  more  complex,  and  these  basic  tools  just  wont  work.  one  second  of  sound  captured  at  14.4khz  contains  14,400  data  points,  and  the  information  it  contains
__label__situationalsurveillance is  more  than  just  a  statistical  time  series  of  pressure  readings.  its  a  physical  wave,  with  all  of  the  properties  that  come  along  with  physical  waves,  including  oscillations,  envelopes,  phase,  jitter,  transients,  and  so  on.  1  second  of  data  captured  at  300hz  at  this  speed,  it  becomes  possible  to  see  the  underlying  vibration  a  fan  turning  at  around  70  revs  per  second.  the  same  1  second  of  data  sampled  at  50hz  the  same  1  second  of  data  captured  at  10hz  for  machine  learning,  this  kind  of  data  also  presents  another  problem  high  dimensionality.  that  one  second  of  sound  with  14,400
__label__situationalsurveillance points,  if  used  raw,  is  treated  by  most  machine  learning  methods  as  a  single  vector  with  14,400  columns.  with  thousands,  let  alone  tens  of  thousands  of  observations,  most  machine  learning  algorithms  will  choke.  deep  learning  dl  methods  offer  a  way  of  dealing  with  this  high  dimensionality,  but  the  need  to  stream  realtime,  highsamplerate  data  to  a  deep  learning  cloud  service  leaves  dl  impractical  for  many  applications.  so  to  apply  machine  learning,  we  compute  features  from  the  incoming  data  that  reduce  the  large  number  of  incoming  data  points  to  something  more  tractable.  for  data  like  sound  or  vibration,  most  engineers  would
__label__situationalsurveillance probably  try  selecting  peaks  from  a  fast  fourier  transform  fft  a  process  that  reduces  raw  waveform  data  to  a  set  of  coefficients,  each  representing  the  amount  of  energy  contained  in  a  slice  of  the  frequency  spectrum.  but  there  is  a  wide  array  of  options  available  for  feature  selection,  each  more  effective  in  different  circumstances.  for  more  on  features,  see  our  blog  called  .  but  this  post  is  really  about  collecting  data  in  particular  about  .  in  our  experience,  data  collection  is  the  most  expensive,  most  timeconsuming  part  of  any  project.  so,  it  makes  sense  to  do  it  right,  right  from
__label__situationalsurveillance the  beginning.  dont  forget  to  check  our  .  here  are  our  five  top  suggestions  for  data  collection  to  make  your  project  successful:  though  it  may  be  difficult  to  work  with  directly,  raw,  fullydetailed,  timedomain  input  collected  by  your  sensor  is  extremely  valuable.  dont  discard  it  after  youve  computed  an  fft  and  rms  keep  the  original  sampled  signal.  the  can  make  sense  out  of  it  and  extract  the  maximum  information  content.  for  more  on  why  this  is  important,  see  our  blog  post  on  .  it  takes  more  bandwidth  to  transmit  and  more  space  to  store,  but  its  much  easier  to  downsample
__label__situationalsurveillance in  software  than  to  go  back  and  recollect  data  to  see  if  a  higher  sample  rate  will  help  improve  accuracy.  really  will  let  you  use  software  to  downsample  repeatedly  and  explore  the  relationship  between  samplerate  and  model  accuracy.  if  you  do  this  with  your  early  data,  once  you  have  a  preliminary  model  in  place  you  can  optimize  your  rig  and  design  the  most  costeffective  solution  for  broader  deployment  later,  knowing  that  youre  making  the  right  call.  do  whats  easiest  first,  and  whats  more  expensive  once  you  know  its  worth  it.  if  one  is  available  to  support  your  use  case,  try
__label__situationalsurveillance a  prototyping  device  for  your  early  data  collects  to  explore  both  project  feasibility  and  the  real  requirements  for  your  data  collection  rig  before  you  commit.  successful  realworldmachine  learning  is  an  exercise  in  overcoming  variation  with  data.  variation  can  be  related  both  to  the  target  what  you  are  trying  to  detect  and  to  the  background  noise,  different  environments  and  conditions  as  well  as  to  the  collection  equipment  different  sensors,  placement,  variations  in  mounting.  minimize  any  unnecessary  variation  usually  variation  in  the  equipment  is  the  easiest  to  eliminate  or  control  and  make  sure  you  capture  data  that  gets  as  much  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance likely  realworld  target  variation  in  as  many  different  backgrounds  as  possible.  the  better  you  are  at  covering  the  gamut  of  background,  target  and  equipment  variation,  the  more  successful  your  machine  learning  project  will  be  meaning  the  better  it  will  be  able  to  make  accurate  predictions  in  the  real  world.  machine  learning  works  best  as  an  iterative  process.  start  off  by  collecting  just  enough  data  to  build  a  barebones  model  that  proves  the  effectiveness  of  the  technique,  even  if  not  yet  for  the  full  range  of  variation  expected  in  the  real  world,  and  then  use  those  results  to  finetune  your  approach.
__label__situationalsurveillance engage  with  the  analytical  tools  early  right  from  the  beginning  and  use  them  to  judge  your  progress.  take  the  next  data  you  get  from  the  field  and  test  your  barebones  model  against  it  to  get  an  accuracy  benchmark.  take  note  of  specific  areas  where  it  performs  well  and  performs  poorly.  retrain  using  the  new  data  and  test  again.  use  this  to  chart  your  progress  and  also  to  guide  your  data  collection  circumstances  where  the  model  performs  poorly  are  circumstances  where  youll  want  to  collect  more  data.  when  you  get  to  the  point  where  youre  getting  acceptable  accuracy  on  new  data
__label__situationalsurveillance coming  in  what  we  call  generalizing  youre  just  about  done.  now  you  can  focus  on  model  optimization  and  tweaking  to  get  the  best  possible  performance.  become  part  of  the  reality  ai  community  and  help  shape  the  ai  revolution  copyright  2019  reality  ai  all  rights  reserved
__label__situationalsurveillance in  recent  years,  the  growth  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  has  started  to  provide  unprecedented  levels  of  visibility  and  control  in  industrial  environments,  thanks  to  the  proliferation  of  smart  devices  and  networked  sensors.  however,  not  all  industrial  environments  are  able  to  reap  the  full  rewards  of  the  iot  revolution.  author  of  this  post  many  suffer  a  range  of  unique  communication  and  networking  challenges,  such  as  regulatory  restrictions  on  the  use  of  radio  frequency  rf  networking  technologies  and  restrictions  on  the  installation  of  cabling.  this  is  typically  due  to  electromagnetic  waves  produced  during  manufacturing  processes  which  could  disrupt  the
__label__situationalsurveillance rfbased  communications,  or  conversely  possible  disruption  to  the  plant  equipment  caused  by  rf  networking  gear.  in  fact,  rf  wireless  communications  do  not  meet  regulatory  standards  in  many  major  industrial  environments.  current  best  practices  recommend  prohibiting  rf  communications  in  safetycritical  systems  such  as  nuclear  facilities,  and  the  same  applies  to  many  parts  of  the  electromagnetic  spectrum  in  medical  scenarios.  this  impacts  the  majority  of  popular  communications  technologies,  including  wifi,  bluetooth,  cellular,  zigbee  and  dect.  a  solution  to  these  challenges  is  the  emerging  field  of  dataoversound  .  using  streams  of  audio  tones,  devices  can  exchange  information  using  nothing  but  a  speaker  and
__label__situationalsurveillance microphone.  first  popularised  in  the  consumer  realm  by  the  chirp  app  and  ecosystem,  this  technology  is  now  mature  and  battletested,  and  available  to  developers  in  a  range  of  crossplatform  sdks.  in  an  industrial  setting,  equipment  that  was  previously  isolated  can  communicate  with  the  plants  network,  technicians  handheld  devices,  or  even  other  autonomous  equipment  in  a  machinetomachine  configuration,  delivering  the  operational  and  productivity  benefits  of  iot  where  they  werent  previously  available.  requiring  low  setup  costs  and  minimal  hardware  infrastructure,  soundbased  networking  provides  a  bridge  that  can  interconnect  vastly  different  generations  of  technology.  sound  has  long  been  used  as  a  means  of
__label__situationalsurveillance sending  data.  every  day,  we  use  sound  to  convey  information  using  speech.  in  radiotelephony,  techniques  such  as  morse  code  could  be  used  to  transmit  text  over  lossy  links.  more  recently,  dialup  modems  used  audiobased  modulation  to  exchange  data  over  the  phone  line.  this  technology  has  recently  been  reinvented  for  the  age  of  iot.  breakthroughs  in  encoding  and  decoding  technology  meaning  that  its  now  possible  to  transmit  data  over  sound  between  devices  that  are  spaced  metres  apart:  any  device  with  a  speaker  can  encode  and  play  information  in  the  environment.  any  nearby  device  with  a  microphone  can  then  decode  the  data
__label__situationalsurveillance as  long  as  it  is  within  hearing  range.  just  like  with  rf  technologies,  there  are  various  different  schemes  and  standards  for  transmitting  data  using  sound,  and  some  use  different  frequency  bands.  most  popular  dataoversound  technologies  use  some  variant  of  ,  which  gives  relatively  high  throughput  and  reliability  in  overtheair  environments.  implementations  vary  between  their  use  of  the  audible  and  ultrasonic  inaudible  portions  of  the  acoustic  frequency  spectrum.  whilst  sound  can  be  used  to  facilitate  communication  between  offline  devices  and  equipment,  it  also  complements  existing  network  infrastructures  by  creating  a  wireless,  dataoversound  link  between  previouslyoffline  devices  and  the  wider  area  network.
__label__situationalsurveillance as  a  complementary  technology,  dataoversound  also  represents  a  compelling  addition  alongside  rf  networking  standards  because  of  several  key  characteristics:  it  is  simple,  ubiquitous  and  extremely  portable.  c  is  the  most  mature  and  trusted  player  in  the  field  of  dataoversound,  with  adoption  in  over  90  countries.  in  this  post,  well  refer  to  a  couple  of  of  the  specific  affordances  that  we  think  sets  chirps  technology  apart.  dataoversound  technology  has  several  powerful  affordances  in  industrial  environments:  equipping  workforces  and  equipment  with  soundenabled  devices  allows  for  the  transmission  of  data,  instructions  or  alerts  on  a  mass  scale  within  industrial  sites.  for  example,  a
__label__situationalsurveillance technician  could  configure  or  update  thousands  of  soundenabled  devices  on  a  factory  floor  or  in  a  machine  room  simply  by  broadcasting  streams  of  sound  through  a  centrally  located  speaker  or  computer,  a  roaming  robot,  or  even  via  existing  audio  infrastructure  like  a  pa  system.  it  should  be  noted  that  some  pa  systems  do  not  support  ultrasonic  frequencies,  so  an  audiblerange  implementation  would  be  required.  other  possible  scenarios  include  setting  a  batch  job  within  a  cloud  service  to  automatically  broadcast  updates  to  a  swarm  of  devices,  or  emergency  enmasse  systems  shutdown.  the  operational  time  and  cost  savings  of  this  soundbased  method
__label__situationalsurveillance can  be  large,  particularly  where  the  devices  were  formerly  configured  individually  or  in  small  batches.  sound  can  be  used  as  part  of  a  multistep  personnel  authentication  process  for  accesscontrolled  areas  or  systems.  in  addition,  within  the  multiple  zones  typical  of  industrial  sites,  sound  can  be  used  to  detect  and  track  the  location  of  personnel  with  soundenabled  devices  through  sonic  beacons.  this  can  be  achieved  through  audible  or  inaudible  ultrasonic  protocols.  sending  dataoversound  enables  efficient  and  frictionless  communication  with  legacy  equipment  or  with  equipment  located  in  rfrestricted  areas.  in  some  industrial  areas  where  use  of  rf  networking  technologies  can  be  restricted,
__label__situationalsurveillance dataoversound  can  be  used  to  record  the  data  onto  tablet  applications  and  send  the  data  to  a  conveniently  located  listening  terminal  or  microphone.  indeed,  if  the  equipment  itself  is  capable  of  using  sound,  then  it  can  transfer  the  data  seamlessly  over  the  air  to  the  technicians  device  without  the  need  for  manual  input.  in  situations  where  for  security  reasons  it  is  undesirable  to  provide  a  direct  network  connection  to  equipment,  for  example  to  avoid  the  risk  of  unauthorised  access  from  outside,  listenonly  connectivity  enabling  equipment  to  report  back  can  be  created  using  sound  technology,  but  still  maintain  a  secure  air
__label__situationalsurveillance gap  with  the  network.  new  networking  technologies  and  capabilities  brought  by  the  internet  of  things  promise  to  deliver  considerable  operational  and  financial  benefit  to  industrial  organisations.  however,  legacy  infrastructure  not  capable  of  being  networked,  or  regulatory  restrictions  on  the  use  of  rf  technologies  mean  many  companies  cannot  fully  embrace  the  iot  revolution  and  thus  will  only  benefit  partially.  dataoversound  technology  can  provide  a  seamless,  scalable  and  costeffective  solution  to  overcome  these  challenges  and  we  believe  sound  is  a  key  technology  that  will  help  industrial  organisations  capture  the  full  value  of  the  iot.  not  only  can  dataoversound  technology  be  used  to
__label__situationalsurveillance facilitate  simple  and  frictionless  communication  between  offline  equipment,  it  can  also  complement  and  extend  existing  network  infrastructures  by  creating  wireless,  dataoversound  links  between  individual  offline  devices  and  your  wider  network.  for  more  information  please  follow  the  link  below  or  see  chirp  at  booth  258  at  the  iot  tech  expo  global  2017.
__label__situationalsurveillance have  you  started  working  with  the  yet?  i  posted  last  time  about  and  described  how  you  can  use  the  sdk  to  execute  artificial  intelligence  ai  workloads  on  gpu,  dsp  and  cpu.  since  then,  weve  added  to  the  number  and  strength  of  deep  neural  networks  dnn  we  support  in  the  snpe  sdk.  to  help  get  the  wheels  of  innovation  turning  for  you,  in  this  post  ill  describe  ways  you  can  apply  ai  using  those  dnns  to  various  iot  devices  and  use  cases,  including  contextaware  ai.  first,  weve  found  that  although  many  developers  want  to  use  ai  in  iot,  there  is  no
__label__situationalsurveillance comprehensive  resource  telling  them  how  they  can  use  it.  they  can  find  oneoff  case  studies  and  application  stories,  but  not  a  consolidated  view,  so  heres  a  table  with  a  full  overview  from  our  perspective:  the  column  headings  across  the  top  are  the  types  of  edge  devices  that  are  ripe  for  ai.  the  rows  along  the  side  show  the  diversity  of  use  cases,  sorted  by  visual  and  audio.  where  they  intersect,  youll  find  applications  you  can  build  with  the  neural  networks  supported  in  the  npe  sdk.  in  short,  ai  has  the  potential  to  accelerate  iot  adoption  across  companion  robots,  home  hubs,
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  assistants  or  wearable  trackers  for  patient  care,  introducing  an  emotional  dimension  through  visual  and  audio  analytics.  running  inference  workloads  quickly  and  powerefficiently  on  devices  at  the  network  edge  will  be  an  important  differentiator  among  iot  devices.  both  training  and  inference  are  usually  run  in  the  cloud,  but  when  you  build  on  qualcomm  technologies  iot  platforms,  you  no  longer  have  to  rely  on  the  cloud  for  inference.  you  can  take  advantage  of  energyefficient  heterogeneous  computing  on  the  device  by  running  the  dnns  for  inference  on  the  optimal  snapdragon  compute  core:  cpu,  gpu  and  .  running  dnns  on  hvx  not  only
__label__situationalsurveillance gives  you  audio  and  visual  analytics  at  the  edge  but  also  frees  up  the  gpu  for  4k  and  1080p  camera  features  like  staggered  highdefinition  resolution  shdr,  temporal  noise  reduction  tnr  and  multiple  video  streams.  as  inference  and  ai  move  to  devices  like  smartphones,  privacy  becomes  a  priority  for  consumers  and  businesses.  running  ai  at  the  edge  addresses  that  priority  by  keeping  the  data  off  the  network  and  out  of  the  cloud.  your  users  will  thank  you  for  respecting  their  privacy,  providing  reliability  and  reducing  latency.  first,  lets  explore  visual  analytics  at  the  edge.  household  monitoring  systems  use  cameras  to  provide
__label__situationalsurveillance family  members  with  a  view  of  whats  going  on  at  home.  robots  and  drones  use  visual  analytics  to  map  their  environment  and  navigate  around  obstacles.  to  run  visual  analytics  on  edge  devices  like  those  in  the  table  above  you  need  dnns  of  the  right  size  and  with  the  right  balance  of  inference  and  accuracy.  consider  these  use  cases  for  visual  analytics:  devices  like  smart  home  assistants  and  voicecontrolled  speakers  rely  on  audio  analytics  at  the  edge  for  and  conversational  interface.  why  run  these  analytics  at  the  edge  rather  than  in  the  cloud?  adoption  of  wearables,  home  hubs,  companion  robots  and
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  appliances  continues  to  grow,  so  keeping  vui  and  target  sound  detection  on  the  device  helps  reassure  consumers  who  are  concerned  about  privacy.  running  them  on  the  device  also  helps  reduce  latency  by  keeping  the  analytics  workload  out  of  the  cloud.  like  visual  analytics,  audio  analytics  is  well  suited  to  heterogeneous  computing  and  to  running  cnn  and  rnn  on  the  snapdragon  mobile  processor.  the  energyefficient  compute  power  of  the  dsp  cores  on  snapdragon  also  provides  the  ability  to  embed  automatic  speech  recognition  asr  and  natural  language  processing  nlp  or  audio  classification  at  the  edge.  consider  these  dnn  use  cases  for
__label__situationalsurveillance audio  analytics:  before,  the  npe  sdk  offered  support  for  alexnet,  inception  v1,  inception  v3  and  resnet50.  in  the  few  months  since  my  last  post,  we  have  expanded  our  support  to  several  more  networks  you  can  use  to  build  applications  for  visual  and  audio  analytics:  the  diagram  below  illustrates  the  role  of  npe  both  in  the  cloud  and  on  the  device.  the  npe  sdk  includes  conversion  tools  for  networks  trained  in  the  cloud  with  tensorflow  and  caffe/caffe2.  you  migrate  the  trained  networks  as  .dlc  files  to  the  qualcomm  technologies  soc  runtime  environment.  for  ondevice  execution  and  inference,  the  sdk  also  provides
__label__situationalsurveillance debug  and  performance  optimization  tools  for  each  of  the  compute  corescpu,  gpu  and  hexagon  dsp.  with  the  sdk  you  can  optimize  your  applications  to  run  workloads  on  the  core  best  suited  to  their  use  cases.  if  you  havent  started  exploring  ai  in  iot  and  creating  innovative  devices  and  applications,  now  is  the  time  to  ,  documentation  and  sample  code.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  internet  of  things  couldnt  exist  without  smart  sensors.  while  the  use  of  sensor  technology  has  long  affected  how  manufacturers,  industrial  organizations  and  utilities  operate,  the  addition  of  to  sensors  has  expanded  their  impact  and  use  cases,  bringing  more  connectivity  and  analytics  to  processes  than  ever  before.  today,  smart  factories,  smart  cities,  smart  buildings  and  connected  individuals  are  using  an  array  of  smart  sensors  to  collect  realtime  data  for  realtime  insights  and  decisionmaking.  however,  these  arent  your  grandfathers  sensors.  they  may  collect  some  of  the  same  data  as  the  sensors  of  yesteryear,  but  todays  smart  sensors  are  internetenabled  and  more
__label__situationalsurveillance sophisticated  than  ever.  lets  dive  into  how  smart  sensors  work  and  their  use  cases  across  various  verticals.  in  general,  a  smart  sensor  has  three  major  components:  a  sensor  that  captures  data  from  an  environment;  a  ,  which  computes  on  the  output  of  the  sensor  via  programming;  and  communications  capabilities  that  enable  the  sensor  to  communicate  the  microprocessors  output  for  action.  a  smart  sensor  may  include  multiple  types  of  sensors  see  sidebar,  as  well  as  transducers,  transceivers,  amplifiers,  analog  filters  and  a  power  source,  among  other  components.  to  be  most  effective,  internet  of  things  sensors  should  include  wireless  communications,  be  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance enough  to  compute  data  remotely  and  be  programmable  to  accommodate  new  capabilities  as  needed,  said  institute  of  electrical  and  electronics  engineers  senior  member  shawn  chandler.  sensors  for  use  in  iot  may  be  purposed  for  nearly  any  form  of  measurement,  providing  a  mechanism  that  links  desired  observations  from  the  field  to  an  application,  chandler  said.  to  categorize  sensors,  he  said,  think  of  them  in  terms  of  the  physics  domains.  smart  sensors  serve  three  broad  purposes.  first,  they  provide  greater  visibility  into  existing  processes  and  workflows,  identifying  items,  locating  them  and  determining  their  environmental  conditions.  for  example,  smart  sensors  in  environments  can
__label__situationalsurveillance keep  track  of  temperature  and  humidity,  can  log  data  for  historical  records  and  quality  management,  or  can  be  used  as  triggers  for  alarms  or  process  management  in  plants  or  warehouses.  second,  iot  sensors  can  be  embedded  into  products  to  improve  processes  or  the  products  themselves.  in  the  manufacturing  process,  sensors  can  monitor,  control  and  improve  operations  or  be  to  streamline  how  products  are  delivered.  when  embedded  in  devices,  smart  products  can  create  new  revenue  possibilities.  third,  the  lower  cost  and  more  advanced  capabilities  of  sensors  enable  wider  and  more  effective  use  cases.  the  cost  of  physical  sensors  and  rfid  tags
__label__situationalsurveillance has  dropped  considerably,  as  have  the  costs  of  smart  sensor  software  applications,  connectivity  options  and  deployments.  the  three  use  cases  of  iot  sensors  outlined  above  lead  to  three  categories  of  benefits,  said  paul  miller,  a  senior  analyst  at  forrester  research.  first,  the  increased  visibility  iot  sensors  provide  into  existing  workflows  and  processes  enable  companies  to  see  where  things  are  thanks  to  realtime  data.  for  example,  logistics  companies  can  outfit  their  fleet  of  vehicles  with  sensors  to  detect  the  location  of  each  truck.  as  companies  begin  to  mine  data  from  those  sensors,  miller  said,  the  second  benefit  emerges:  predicting  what  comes
__label__situationalsurveillance next.  in  the  same  logistics  example,  collecting  realtime  data  about  where  a  fleet  has  been  and  how  long  trucks  take  to  complete  their  routes  can  enable  the  company  to  predict  when  drivers  will  deliver  packages.  smart  sensors  in  logistics  can  also  gather  information  about  a  drivers  driving  style  and  the  size  and  weight  of  packages,  as  well  as  external  data,  such  as  traffic  or  weather  conditions  that  may  affect  delivery.  now  you  build  a  rich  and,  hopefully,  accurate  model  that  can  be  used  to  improve  communication  with  customers,  optimize  loading  and  routing,  or  reduce  costs  and  emissions,  miller  said.  in
__label__situationalsurveillance another  example,  smart  sensors  in  manufacturing  can  collect  historical  machine  data  that  companies  can  use  to  build  models  to  predict  when  machine  components  are  likely  to  fail.  instead  of  facing  the  potentially  huge  cost  of  unplanned  downtime  for  a  production  line  or  factory,  suspect  components  can  be  proactively  replaced  during  scheduled  periods  of  time,  miller  said.  the  third  benefit  of  smart  sensors  relates  to  ;  iot  creates  a  number  of  new  business  models.  with  data  about  how  a  machine  operates,  how  it  is  used  and  how  it  wears  out,  manufacturers  can  offer  to  customers,  miller  said.  manufacturers  can  now  include
__label__situationalsurveillance consumables,  servicing  and  even  replacement  parts  in  the  price  of  a  machine.  companies  like  kaeser  compressor  in  germany,  which  traditionally  made  and  sold  compressed  air  machines,  are  now  able  to  offer  and  charge  customers  by  the  liter  of  compressed  air  consumed,  miller  said.  consumables,  spare  parts,  servicing  and  even  the  machine  itself  are  only  paid  for  when  theyre  needed  and  used.  rfid  tags  are  iot  sensors  that  collect  data  about  the  specific  object  to  which  a  tag  is  attached.  commonly  used  in  supply  chain  management,  id  badging  and  access  control,  involves  sending  data  using  specific  radio  wave  emissions.  rfid  has
__label__situationalsurveillance two  forms,  chandler  said:  active  and  passive.  an  active  rfid  tag  contains  an  onboard  power  supply,  enabling  a  tag  to  communicate  data  at  any  time  and  over  larger  distances.  a  passive  rfid  tag  may  not  communicate  unless  it  is  activated  by  a  radio  frequency  emission.  it  then  uses  the  radio  wave  captured  by  the  antenna  in  the  tag  to  activate  data  collection  and  power  the  return  communication  path.  forrester  research  predicts  that  smart  sensorbased,  trackandtrace  and  smart  products  will  be  the  fastestgrowing  use  cases,  with  24.2  and  24  compound  annual  growth  rates  respectively.  but  the  applications  wont  stop  there.  sensors
__label__situationalsurveillance are  increasingly  being  built  into  products  at  the  point  of  manufacture,  miller  said.  industrial  equipment,  trains,  planes  and  buildings  increasingly  arrive  with  hundreds  or  even  thousands  of  sensors  already  connected.  however,  internet  of  things  sensors  arent  limited  to  only  new  products.  in  markets  like  industrial  manufacturing,  where  machines  may  have  a  life  span  measured  in  decades,  theres  also  a  healthy  market  in  to  older  equipment,  miller  said,  noting  that  lowered  sensor  costs  combined  with  the  growing  prevalence  of  infrastructure  that  can  support  iot  data  flows  will  result  in  companies  deploying  sensors  in  greater  numbers.  where  today,  a  logistics  company  might
__label__situationalsurveillance install  sensors  in  a  truck,  tomorrow  it  may  be  costeffective  to  install  sensors  in  every  pallet  or  even  every  package,  miller  said.  the  arrival  of  5g,  he  added,  will  eventually  make  it  easier  to  work  with  a  large  number  of  sensors,  even  in  environments  where  data  latency  causes  problems  today.  also  of  note  is  the  increased  use  of  edge  computing.  as  more  analytics,  including  the  use  of  machine  learning  and  artificial  intelligence,  is  ,  organizations  or  the  sensors  themselves  or  the  iot  edge  gateways  the  sensors  connect  to  will  be  able  to  make  decisions  faster  and  more  effectively.  chandler  noted
__label__situationalsurveillance that  the  continued  miniaturization  of  sensors  will  change  the  future  sensor  landscape.  sensors  will  continue  to  get  smaller  over  time  and  more  capable  in  terms  of  computational  capability,  he  said.  sensors  will  also  offer  more  functions  in  the  same  platform,  serving  different  sensing  categories  from  the  same  devices.  sensors  will  be  installed  in  more  and  more  devices,  with  everything  from  wearables  to  specialpurpose  sensors  linking  observations  from  our  environment  to  a  computing  platform,  chandler  said.  estimates  from  pundits  in  the  industry  expect  that  the  total  number  of  iot  devices  and,  thus,  possible  sensors  will  triple  in  the  next  six  years,
__label__situationalsurveillance with  roughly  25  billion  devices  today,  growing  to  75  billion  devices  in  2025.  additional  reporting  by  jim  odonnell.  explore  how  smart  sensors  in  iot  affect  ,  and  learn  the  top  to  iot  adoption  read  how  affects  security  asks:  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,
__label__situationalsurveillance so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups
__label__situationalsurveillance arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its
__label__situationalsurveillance redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  sensor  device  for  developers  sensor  networks  made  easy  sensor  node  the  iot  gateway  ehealth  and  medical  iot  development  platform  iot  kits  with  cloud  connectivity  iot  starter  kits  for  makers  consultancy  and  engineering  services  elearning  facetoface  50  sensor  applications  for  a  smarter  world  success  stories  with  libelium  technologies  consortium  european  calls  monitoring  of  parking  spaces  availability  in  the  city.  monitoring  of  vibrations  and  material  conditions  in  buildings,  bridges  and  historical  monuments.  sound  monitoring  in  bar  areas  and  centric  zones  in  real  time.  detect  iphone  and  android  devices  and  in  general  any  device  which  works  with  wifi  or  bluetooth  interfaces.  measurement
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  energy  radiated  by  cell  stations  and  and  wifi  routers.  monitoring  of  vehicles  and  pedestrian  levels  to  optimize  driving  and  walking  routes.  intelligent  and  weather  adaptive  lighting  in  street  lights.  detection  of  rubbish  levels  in  containers  to  optimize  the  trash  collection  routes.  intelligent  highways  with  warning  messages  and  diversions  according  to  climate  conditions  and  unexpected  events  like  accidents  or  traffic  jams.  monitoring  of  combustion  gases  and  preemptive  fire  conditions  to  define  alert  zones.  control  of  co2  emissions  of  factories,  pollution  emitted  by  cars  and  toxic  gases  generated  in  farms.  snow  level  measurement  to  know  in  real  time  the  quality
__label__situationalsurveillance of  ski  tracks  and  allow  security  corps  avalanche  prevention.  monitoring  of  soil  moisture,  vibrations  and  earth  density  to  detect  dangerous  patterns  in  land  conditions.  distributed  control  in  specific  places  of  tremors.  monitor  the  quality  of  tap  water  in  cities.  detect  leakages  and  wastes  of  factories  in  rivers.  control  remotely  the  swimming  pool  conditions.  control  realtime  leakages  and  wastes  in  the  sea.  detection  of  liquid  presence  outside  tanks  and  pressure  variations  along  pipes.  monitoring  of  water  level  variations  in  rivers,  dams  and  reservoirs.  energy  consumption  monitoring  and  management.  monitoring  of  water,  oil  and  gas  levels  in  storage  tanks  and  cisterns.  monitoring
__label__situationalsurveillance and  optimization  of  performance  in  solar  energy  plants.  measurement  of  water  pressure  in  water  transportation  systems.  measurement  of  emptiness  level  and  weight  of  the  goods.  access  control  to  restricted  areas  and  detection  of  people  in  nonauthorized  areas.  liquid  detection  in  data  centers,  warehouses  and  sensitive  building  grounds  to  prevent  break  downs  and  corrosion.  distributed  measurement  of  radiation  levels  in  nuclear  power  stations  surroundings  to  generate  leakage  alerts.  detection  of  gas  levels  and  leakages  in  industrial  environments,  surroundings  of  chemical  factories  and  inside  mines.  monitoring  of  storage  conditions  along  the  supply  chain  and  product  tracking  for  traceability  purposes.  payment  processing  based
__label__situationalsurveillance in  location  or  activity  duration  for  public  transport,  gyms,  theme  parks,  etc.  getting  advices  in  the  point  of  sale  according  to  customer  habits,  preferences,  presence  of  allergic  components  for  them  or  expiring  dates.  control  of  rotation  of  products  in  shelves  and  warehouses  to  automate  restocking  processes.  monitoring  of  vibrations,  strokes,  container  openings  or  cold  chain  maintenance  for  insurance  purposes.  search  of  individual  items  in  big  surfaces  like  warehouses  or  harbours.  warning  emission  on  containers  storing  inflammable  goods  closed  to  others  containing  explosive  material.  control  of  routes  followed  for  delicate  goods  like  medical  drugs,  jewels  or  dangerous  merchandises.  machine  autodiagnosis  and
__label__situationalsurveillance assets  control.  monitoring  of  toxic  gas  and  oxygen  levels  inside  chemical  plants  to  ensure  workers  and  goods  safety.  control  of  temperature  inside  industrial  and  medical  fridges  with  sensitive  merchandise.  monitoring  of  ozone  levels  during  the  drying  meat  process  in  food  factories.  asset  indoor  location  by  using  active  zigbee  and  passive  tags  rfid/nfc.  information  collection  from  canbus  to  send  real  time  alarms  to  emergencies  or  provide  advice  to  drivers.  monitoring  soil  moisture  and  trunk  diameter  in  vineyards  to  control  the  amount  of  sugar  in  grapes  and  grapevine  health.  control  microclimate  conditions  to  maximize  the  production  of  fruits  and  vegetables  and  its
__label__situationalsurveillance quality.  selective  irrigation  in  dry  zones  to  reduce  the  water  resources  required  in  the  green.  study  of  weather  conditions  in  fields  to  forecast  ice  formation,  rain,  drought,  snow  or  wind  changes.  control  of  humidity  and  temperature  levels  in  alfalfa,  hay,  straw,  etc.  to  prevent  fungus  and  other  microbial  contaminants.  control  the  exact  conditions  of  plants  grown  in  water  to  get  the  highest  efficiency  crops.  control  of  growing  conditions  of  the  offspring  in  animal  farms  to  ensure  its  survival  and  health.  location  and  identification  of  animals  grazing  in  open  pastures  or  location  in  big  stables.  study  of  ventilation  and  air  quality
__label__situationalsurveillance in  farms  and  detection  of  harmful  gases  from  excrements.  energy  and  water  supply  consumption  monitoring  to  obtain  advice  on  how  to  save  cost  and  resources.  switching  on  and  off  remotely  appliances  to  avoid  accidents  and  save  energy.  detection  of  windows  and  doors  openings  and  violations  to  prevent  intruders.  monitoring  of  conditions  inside  museums  and  art  warehouses.  assistance  for  elderly  or  disabled  people  living  independent.  control  of  conditions  inside  freezers  storing  vaccines,  medicines  and  organic  elements.  vital  signs  monitoring  in  high  performance  centers  and  fields.  monitoring  of  conditions  of  patients  inside  hospitals  and  in  old  peoples  home.  measurement  of  uv  sun
__label__situationalsurveillance rays  to  warn  people  not  to  be  exposed  in  certain  hours.  is  your  vertical  solution  covered  on  our  site?  which  connectivity  are  you  interesed  in?  there  was  an  error  and  your  message  was  not  sent.  please  contact
__label__situationalsurveillance you  know  the  old  adage,  what  you  see  is  what  you  get.  but  what  about  what  you  hear?  what  if  you  could  see  what  you  hear?  a  blade  makes  a  certain  sound  when  itfunctions  normally.  but  when  it  isntfunctioning  normally,  it  willmake  a  similarsound  but  not  enough  for  the  technician  to  act  right  away.what  if  you  had  sensors  that  could  detect,  through  acoustic  patterns  of  the  sound  of  the  blade,  what  was  wrong  with  the  blade  and  run  a  virtual  diagnostic  test  toalert  technicians  so  they  can  make  an  immediate  repair  or  shut  down  the  blade.  this  is  the  industrial
__label__situationalsurveillance internet  of  things  iiot  market.  enter  an  israeli  startup  .  the  company  just  grabbed  aseed  round  of  will  givecustomers  access  to  unique  proprietary  data  and  actionable  insights.  iot,  cloud  infrastructure  and  artificial  intelligence  are  emerging  highgrowth  areas  and  grove  invests  in  companies  that  touch  upon  or  converge  in  all  three  to  address  ripe  for  disruption,  said  lotan  levkowitz,  partner,  grove  ventures.  manufacturing,  mining,  energy  and  other  heavyindustry  companies  continue  to  use  decadesold  equipment,  which  creates  opportunities  to  retrofit  existing  machines  with  industrial  iot  technology.  the  hundred  billion  dollar  iiot  market  will  accelerate  quickly  and  bridge  40  years  of  technology  gaps
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  next  five  years.  this  is  where  3dsignals  steps  in.  the  companycombineswireless  ultrasonic  sensors  and  machine  learning  algorithms  for  industrial  equipment  and  machinery  such  as  turbines,  compressors,  robotics,  motors,  cutting  equipment  in  one  system  that  willalertengineers  and  technicians  in  real  time  to  potential  equipment  failure/damage  before  it  becomes  a  costly  accident.  they  useacoustics  as  diagnostics  andfocuseson  predictive  maintenance  versus  preventative  maintenance  for  industrial  equipment.the  company  claims  it  candeploy  within  20  minutes  with  just  a  power  supply.the  sensors  are  connected  wirelessly  and  software  can  be  deployed  on  either  a  public  or  private  cloud.  sound  taps  into  a  part  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance brain  and  that  allows  humans  to  instantly  know  if  a  machine  is  working  as  it  should  or  about  to  malfunction.  in  the  case  of  industry  and  manufacturing,  engineers  have  used  this  innate  intuition  to  diagnose  equipment  problems  using  sound  since  the  time  of  early  machines,  s  the  company  has  one  disclosedpilot  with  l.  the  company  also  says  itslooking  atuse  cases  for  autonomous  industrial  vehicles  and  farm  equipment.  im  a  writer  who  looks  at  innovation  and  how  technology  and  science  intersect  with  industry,  environment,  arts,  agriculture,  mobility,  health.  ive  been  called  the  tech  ...
__label__situationalsurveillance we  cannot  erase  the  air  sound  pollution  in  a  snap  of  the  fingers,  but  we  can  use  equipment  to  hedge  it.  therefore,  we  thought  about  collecting  related  data  in  a  proficient  way  and  use  it  to  make  citizens  life  healthier.  we  plan  to  map  city  areas  with  noise  and  air  sensors  in  order  to  provide  the  healthiest  path  to  runners,  walkers,  etc.  figure  1  explains  the  services  cover  by  our  solution  while  the  figure  2  explains  the  cost  and  the  pricing.  in  the  following,  we  explain  how  we  designed  our  solution  and  why  it  should  win.  we  chose  to  build
__label__situationalsurveillance our  own  lora  sensor  from  scratch  thanks  to  a  lora  library  on  arduino  uno.  thus  the  implementation  will  be  faster  and  cheaper.  we  chose  to  use  the  rfm95  lora  module,  compatible  with  arduino  uno,  which  is  used  in  the  case  of  monitoring.  there  are  different  air  pollution  indexes  aqi  for  us,  caqi  for  europe,  api  for  malaysia.  we  chose  6  kinds  of  sensors  that  could  help  us  to  evaluate  the  air  pollution  index  through  6  gases  which  are  co,  o3,  pm2.5,  pm10,  no2,  and  so2,  with  respectively  mq9,  mq131,  dsm501a,  gp2y1010auf,  mics2714  and  3spso220  sensors.  for  each  measure,  it  will
__label__situationalsurveillance transmit  for  each  gas:  concentration,  air  pollution  index  the  total  air  pollution  index.  sound  pollution  in  outdoor  requires  a  sensor  that  can  detect  a  large  range  of  sound,  from  30  to  130db.  we  chose  the  gravity  analog  sound  level  meter  because  it  is  a  sensor  module  specified  for  outdoor  sound  measurements  with  a  high  precision  of  measures.  about  the  physical  protection  of  the  device  which  is  exposed  in  an  urban  environment,  we  chose  to  design  a  custom  housing  with  a  3d  printer.  for  the  physical  layer,  we  chose  to  use  lora  which  is  an  lpwan  technology  well  suited  for  monitoring.
__label__situationalsurveillance it  has  a  high  link  budget  of  154db  which  assures  lora  indoor  and  deep  indoor  penetration.  lora  in  an  urban  city  should  be  able  to  cover  1km2  even  taking  into  consideration  all  radio  effects  shadowing,  fading,  ....  the  power  used  will  be  minimized  as  the  area  is  relatively  small  in  comparison  with  the  lora  coverage.  this  is  due  to  the  use  of  the  lowest  modulation  scheme  sf7  or  sf6  according  to  region  for  short  range  coverage.  we  can  thus  ensure  a  device  battery  life  between  5  and  10  years.  lora  gateway  can  serve  a  maximum  of  1000  objects.  we  chose
__label__situationalsurveillance to  use  50  to  not  overload  the  station  and  avoid  interferences  of  devices  between  each  other.  besides,  we  dont  need  to  pay  the  frequency  we  will  use,  as  lora  is  on  an  unlicensed  band.  we  only  need  to  pay  the  lora  module  for  transmitting  data.  however,  all  device  should  respect  a  duty  cycle  of  the  band,  which  limits  the  number  of  messages  we  can  transmit.  assuming  the  lowest  power  modulation  scheme  sf7  and  maximum  payload  size,  on  868  mhz  with  a  duty  cycle  of  1,  you  need  to  wait  10  seconds  before  transmitting  again.  you  can  transmit  at  most  around
__label__situationalsurveillance 8500  messages  a  day.  the  same  reasoning  can  be  done  with  other  frequencies.  for  the  upper  layers,  we  chose  to  use  the  open  standard  lorawan  network  which  is  based  on  lora.  we  can  create  our  own  private  network  based  on  opensource  code.  therefore  only  the  data  of  our  devices  will  be  transmitted  through  our  gateway  instead  of  using  a  public  lorawan  network  as  ttns  one  where  you  need  to  deal  with  others  data.  it  also  allows  us  to  cut  from  network  cost  operator  for  lorawan  network.  using  lorawan,  the  network  architecture  is  star  topology  cf  figure3.  we  can  place  the
__label__situationalsurveillance gateway  on  a  rooftop  so  that  it  can  avoid  some  interferences  from  the  building  itself  and  we  can  connect  it  to  ethernet  easily.  we  also  chose  an  omnidirectional  antenna  in  order  to  reach  the  same  coverage  in  every  direction.  sensors  can  thus  be  uniformly  distributed  in  the  area  we  cover.  we  chose  to  put  at  the  same  place  one  air  pollution  sensor  and  one  sound  sensor.  about  the  backend,  we  chose  azure  because  is  affordable  and  has  several  projects  powered  with  lora.  we  will  use  50  air  pollution  sensors  and  50  sound  pollution  sensors  to  cover  1km2  area.  using  the
__label__situationalsurveillance free  azure  plan,  with  a  limitation  of  8000  messages  per  day,  each  device  can  send  160  messages  per  day,  which  correspond  to  one  message  every  9  minutes.  we  provide  a  welldocumented  api  to  fetch  the  data,  which  make  super  easy  to  build  applications  on  top  of  it.  our  solution  brings  reporting  and  monitoring  of  pollution  and  noise  across  wide  urban  areas.  these  highquality  data  are  used  for  an  application  that  can  help  every  person  to  prevent  himself  from  air  and  sound  pollution.  it  can  also  be  useful  for  actors  improving  citizens  life  with  smart  city  projects.  the  second  illustration  highlights
__label__situationalsurveillance the  services  covered  by  our  solution.  we  have  an  optimal  configuration  to  use  lora,  which  provides  long  battery  life  and  our  solution  permits  highfrequency  measurements  with  large  coverage  and  is  easily  scalable.  although  paris  is  not  a  top  10  most  polluted  city  in  the  world,  it  happens  to  have  high  pollution  days,  and  constant  noise  areas.  both  of  us  really  like  to  run,  but  sometimes  we  cant  because  of  pollution.  when  we  heard  about  this  challenge,  we  instantly  thought  about  the  opportunity  of  helping  the  life  of  everyone  who  wants  to  enjoy  the  urban  life  as  much  as  still  staying
__label__situationalsurveillance healthy.  we  then  thought  of  a  map  helping  runners  to  choose  the  healthier  path.  we  also  realize  we  can  extend  the  idea  to  every  people  in  the  city  because  a  lot  of  them  are  walking  to  reach  public  transports  or  to  go  directly  to  their  job.building  the  map  idea,  we  thought  about  the  architecture  and  then  we  got  the  second  idea:  using  the  collected  data  to  provide  another  service.  we  have  a  huge  mapping  coverage  solution  with  lorawan  and  processing  data  on  server  side  to  assure  quality.  these  are  the  two  mandatory  keys  to  start  opening  the  api.  our  main
__label__situationalsurveillance motivation  for  doing  this  project  is  coming  from  our  passion  for  iot.  we  are  two  students  working  in  it,  one  in  iot  and  the  other  one  in  cybersecurity.we  strongly  believe  in  lora  technology  and  in  particular  lorawan  which  is  open  source.  people  sharing  knowledge  can  help  to  build  a  better  future.  voting  is  closed
__label__situationalsurveillance which  is  with  such  a  wide  range  of  applications  and  uses  for  ultrasonic  sensors,  its  not  surprising  that  they  have  become  ,  used  to  create  connected  products  and  systems.  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  b2b  marketing  executive,  with  a  passion  for  connecting  businesses  with  digital  transformation  technologies  through  compelling,  inspiring,  and  thoughtprovoking  content.  proven  experience  in  leading  allthingsmarketing  at  startups,  upstarts,  and  large  enterprise  software  companies.  copyright  2019  seebo  interactive  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__situationalsurveillance refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  you  will  need:  insert  the  pir  motion  detector  module  on  top  of  the  wia  dot  one.  take  care  to  connect  the  module  pointing  in  the  correct  direction,  as  shown  in  the  picture  above.  you  will  notice  that  the  rounded  corners  of  the  boards  correspond  to  each  other  when  inserted  correctly.  now,  connect  the  wia  dot  one  to  your  computer  with  the  micro  usb  cable.  a  solid  red  light  should  appear  on  the  board.  we  are  finished  connecting  everything  we  need  follow  these  steps
__label__situationalsurveillance to  set  up  your  dot  one:  thats  it  configured  navigate  to  the  tab  on  the  left  sidebar  and  select  .  for  this  tutorial,  we  demonstrate  the  feature.  we  recommend  this  option  for  all  beginners  as  it  is  simpler  and  faster  for  our  project.  wia  will  then  translate  your  blocks  into  the  code  for  the  dot  one.  feel  free  to  select  code  project  if  you  are  more  advanced  and  are  comfortable  with  writing  the  code  yourself.  you  can  now  drag  blocks  onto  the  diagram  to  express  what  actions  you  would  like  the  dot  one  to  perform.  in  this  tutorial,  we  want
__label__situationalsurveillance to  send  a  wia  event  each  time  motion  is  detected  later,  we  will  make  the  wia  dashboard  send  us  a  notification  each  time  motion  is  detected.  you  can  compare  your  diagram  with  our  version  below.  you  will  notice  that  while  you  were  adding  the  blocks  to  the  control  diagram,  wia  translated  them  in  real  time  on  the  right  to  the  code,  which  will  soon  be  uploaded  to  the  dot  one.  still  in  the  block  editor,  press  on  the  rocket  icon  on  the  top  right  of  the  window.  select  your  device  from  the  given  options  and  hit  the  upload  button.  when
__label__situationalsurveillance the  platform  confirms  the  code  is  deployed,  press  the  button  the  button  left  of  the  usb  cable  and  wait  until  the  led  stops  flashing.  if  the  dot  one  is  still  connected  to  the  wifi,  the  code  will  be  automatically  uploaded  and  start  running  automatically.  thats  it  first,  lets  confirm  that  you  are  receiving  an  event  when  motion  is  detected.  navigate  to  the  wia  dashboard  and  select  your  dot  one  in  the  tab.  go  to  the  debugger,  make  some  motion  near  the  motion  detector,  and  wait  a  few  seconds  for  the  event  to  come  in.  try  refreshing  the  page  to  update
__label__situationalsurveillance the  list.  once  the  first  event  comes  in,  you  can  view  the  event  history  in  the  tab.  great  now,  head  to  the  tab  and  create  a  new  flow  for  this  project.  a  flow  is  a  program  that  defines  how  the  wia  platform  will  respond  to  incoming  events.  lets  start  with  placing  the  event  created  block.  what  this  block  allows  us  to  do  is  start  the  flow  each  time  that  an  event  is  created  by  a  device.  as  we  already  sent  an  event  previously  called  motiondetected,  we  select  this  event  from  the  dropdown  list.  next,  we  select  the  device  that  will
__label__situationalsurveillance send  the  event  and  press  .  this  block  is  now  ready.  the  next  block  we  want  to  place  is  found  in  the  tab.  we  will  use  the  block  to  specify  that  a  notification  should  be  sent  each  time  an  event  is  created.  after  filling  out  all  the  details  of  the  notification  block,  we  connect  the  two  blocks.  once  you  leave  the  flow  page,  your  new  configuration  will  become  active.  congratulations  your  new  iot  device  is  up  and  running  make  sure  the  board  is  connected  in  the  correct  way  remember,  the  corners  of  the  module  and  the  dot  one  should  correspond
__label__situationalsurveillance with  each  other.  make  sure  you  are  not  touching  the  bottom  of  the  dot  one  with  your  fingers  you  may  accidentally  lead  to  electrostatic  discharge,  which  will  impact  the  proper  operation  of  the  devices.  some  things  that  can  happen  include  resetting  the  device,  sending  a  false  motion  detection  input,  or  even  permanently  damaging  the  device.  also,  note  that  this  motion  detector  is  very  sensitive  so  any  sort  of  motion  within  a  short  distance  of  it  could  result  in  an  event  being  sent.  try  moving  to  a  more  controlled  area  where  there  is  less  motion.  it  is  possible  that  your  device
__label__situationalsurveillance needs  to  be  reconfigured  to  a  new  wifi.  try  the  steps  below:  thats  all  for  now  hopefully,  you  learned  something  new.  please  leave  any  thoughts  or  questions  in  the  comments  below.  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__situationalsurveillance its  really  hard  to  overstate  how  awesome  esp8266  development  boards  like  the  wemos  d1  mini  really  are.  for  literally  a  couple  of  dollars  you  can  get  a  decently  powerful  wifi  enabled  microcontroller  that  has  enough  free  digital  pins  to  do  some  useful  work.  like  the  arduino  and  raspberry  pi  before  it,  the  esp8266  is  a  device  thats  opening  up  whole  new  areas  of  hacking  and  development  that  simply  werent  as  practical  or  costeffective  as  previously.  as  a  perfect  example,  take  a  look  at  this  stupendously  simple  .  with  just  a  wemos  d1  mini,  a  standard  pir  sensor,  and  some  open
__label__situationalsurveillance source  code,  you  can  create  a  practical  selfcontained  motion  sensor  module  that  can  be  placed  anywhere  you  want  to  keep  an  eye  on.  when  the  sensor  picks  up  something  moving,  it  will  trigger  an  ifttt  event.  it  only  takes  three  wires  to  get  the  electronics  connected,  but  eric  has  still  gone  ahead  and  provided  a  wiring  diagram  so  theres  no  confusion  for  young  players.  add  a  and  the  hardware  component  of  this  project  is  done.  using  the  arduino  sketch  eric  has  written,  you  can  easily  plug  in  your  wifi  information  and  ifttt  key  and  trigger.  all  thats  left  to  do
__label__situationalsurveillance is  put  this  iot  motion  sensor  to  work  by  mounting  it  in  the  area  to  be  monitored.  once  the  pir  sensor  sees  something  moving,  the  esp8266  will  trigger  ifttt;  what  happens  after  that  is  up  to  you  and  your  imagination.  in  the  video  after  the  break,  you  can  see  an  example  usage  that  pops  up  a  notification  on  your  mobile  device  to  let  you  know  something  is  afoot.  with  its  low  cost  and  connectivity  options,  the  esp8266  is  really  .  though  to  give  credit  where  credits  due,  this  still  isnt  the  .  jd  great  project,  but  that  soldering  makes  me
__label__situationalsurveillance cringe.  cyk  in  the  past,  crimp  contacts  for  pcb  connectors,  and  the  matching  crimping  tools  were  very  expensive,  so  i  also  often  soldered  wires  to  those  connectors,  but  nowadays  theyre  so  cheap,  that  theres  no  excuse  to  not  crimp  your  own  cables.  joe  for  a  semi  permanent  installations,  i  prefer  soldering  personally,  especially  for  a  security  device.  just  one  less  potential  issue,  troubleshooting  intermittent  connection  issues  can  suck.  :  peter  at  the  very  least  he  could  have  desoldered  the  pin  headers  and  just  solder  the  wires  through  the  holes.  dont  let  the  fear  of  soldering  trap  you.  there  are  lots
__label__situationalsurveillance of  good  youtube  videos  about  how  to  do  it  well.  get  your  favorite  comfort  food,  favorite  stuffed  animal,  a  blanket  and  your  remote  control  for  your  smart  tv  sure  hope  you  have  one  and  adventure  forth  through  the  video  tutorials  in  your  most  comfortable  chair/couch.  its  worth  overcoming  and  life  is  much  better  on  the  other  side.  if  you  feel  encouraged  enough,  this  video  looks  like  a  good  starting  point.  :  ????  looks  like  the  maker  of  this  project  would  do  well  to  take  my  advice.  we  all  start  somewhere.  :  mark  s.  i  dont  think  jd  was  trying  to
__label__situationalsurveillance convey  fear  revulsion  at  the  soldering  in  the  video,  perhaps.  yes,  i  figured  that  out.  i  was  trying  to  be  encouraging  where  it  wasnt  necessary,  a  side  effect  from  being  up  typing  at  the  keyboard  when  i  should  have  been  sleeping.  :  tacticalninja  being  up  typing  at  the  keyboard  when  i  should  have  been  sleeping.  dont  we  all?  i  still  enjoy  watching  soldering  tutorials  once  in  a  while.  thanks.  dan  yeah  thats  pretty  rough.  with  more  and  more  stuff  going  smd,  i  suppose  proper  soldering  is  becoming  a  lost  art  and  its  only  going  to  get  worse.  of  course,  even
__label__situationalsurveillance when  through  hole  was  at  its  peak,  plenty  of  people  werent  any  good  at  it  so  ren  i  think  rohs  solder  has  more  to  do  with  soldering  becoming  a  lost  art.  the  soldering  is  pretty  brutal,  but  in  his  defense,  those  pins  arent  meant  to  be  soldered  to  at  all.  its  pretty  amazing  that  it  works  at  all.  i  would  use  header  cables  instead  of  soldering,  or  if  its  absolutely  necessary  desolder  the  headers  and  use  the  throughholes.  im  fairly  sure  you  need  a  power  supply  for  this  so  not  as  invisible  as  it  appears.  marc  considering  that  there  are
__label__situationalsurveillance dozens  of  pretty  much  the  same  motion  sensor  projects  on  the  internet,  this  must  be  one  of  the  worst:  the  code  is  a  mess  and  a  wild  copypaste  result  with,  for  example,  definitions  and  unused  variables  all  over  the  place  the  code  does  not  even  try  to  save  a  tiny  amount  of  energy,  which  could  be  done  with  builtin  functions  of  the  esp  with  a  couple  of  lines  of  code  and  no  negative  impact  jogjib  so..  you  going  to  post  the  revision?  .  seriously  i  am  interested.  marc  as  i  said  there  are  already  more  than  a  dozen  tutorials  out
__label__situationalsurveillance there  who  do  exactly  the  same.  no  need  to  repeat  it  again  and  again.  furthermore,  as  commented  by  other  people  here,  the  design  is  seriously  flawed.  there  is  no  need  to  put  lipstick  on  a  pig  i  stopped  using  this  sensor  with  esp8266  while  ago  because  of  false  triggers.  somehow  2.4ghz  wifi  from  esp8266  is  triggering  motion  sensor.  i  tried  shielding  sensor  with  aluminium  foil,  adding  capacitors  nothing  helped.  i  googled  and  found  that  im  not  the  only  one.  radar  sensors  like  hb100  are  better  solution  for  use  with  esp8266.  try  am312  or  the  more  configurable  am412  and  am612  :
__label__situationalsurveillance they  are  very  compact  and  much  better  at  working  with  esp.  i  had  the  same  false  trigger  problem  before  until  i  discovered  am312.  came  here  to  say  exactly  this.  generally  i  like  supporting  people  and  new  projects,  however  i  dont  know  how  this  made  it  to  had  bad  code,  bad  advice  on  hardware  choice,  and  one  of  the  easiest  projects  on  the  internet  which  is  documented  many  times  over  and  better.  i  like  this  version,  which  introduced  me  to  the  am312:  hackaday  you  can  mitigate  it  by  making  sure  all  the  wires  to  the  pir  pass  through  a  ferrite,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance wrapping  the  pir  in  grounded  foil.  ive  had  the  same  issues  with  using  a  pir  too  close  to  a  pi  zero  w.  i  can  also  vouch  for  this.  also  other  types  of  motion  sensors  can  be  triggered  by  other  types  of  radios.  but  not  the  am312,  which  besides  being  small  comes  with  the  benefit  of  lower  current  consumption.  some  of  my  notes  here:  natan  i  fear  you  gonna  run  into  the  fals  alert  trouble  as  so  many  others  and  myself  run  with  this  pir  next  to  the  eps8266  rf  power.  however,  good  luck  ;  perry  ive  start  using  the  human
__label__situationalsurveillance radar  sensor  modules.  sofar  so  good.  and  the  end  package  is  alot  smaller  smaller.  mind  you  the  have  been  selling  smaller  motion  detectors  that  are  a  bit  more,  but  they  are  less  the  a  1/4  of  the  size.  and  i  just  found  out  how  cheep  the  backup  sensors  are.  just  got  a  package  in  now  to  play  with.  looks  really  good.  12  gets  you  4  sensors  that  are  really  small  and  the  little  computer  that  comes  with  it  as  well.  its  play  time..  perry  oh  boy  thes  really  messed  my  sentence.  mind  you  they  have  been  selling  smaller  motion  detectors
__label__situationalsurveillance that  are  a  bit  more,  but  they  are  less  then  a  1/4  of  the  size.  that  looks  better.  niko  ive  started  using  the  human  radar  sensor  modules.  so  far  so  good.  and  the  end  package  is  a  lot  smaller.  mind  you  they  have  been  selling  smaller  motion  detectors  that  are  a  bit  more,  but  they  are  less  than  a  1/4  of  the  size.  and  i  just  found  out  how  cheap  the  backup  sensors  are.  just  got  a  package  in  now  to  play  with.  looks  really  good.  12  gets  you  4  sensors  that  are  really  small  and  the  little  computer  that
__label__situationalsurveillance comes  with  it  as  well.  its  play  time..  hope  this  helps  :  ed  i  understood  this  type  of  pir  and  the  8266  wifi  player  havoc  on  eachother  thanks  for  this  it  at  least  got  me  to  buy  some  wemos  boards.  question  dont  you  get  like  10  text  messages  from  one  motion  event  this  way?  i  think  there  needs  to  be  a  threshold,  where  it  only  sends  an  alert  when  there  have  been  3  hits  and  then  stop  sending  alerts  for  10min  or  some  time  after,  in  case  someone  is  dancing  in  front  of  the  pir  for  half  an  hour.  id
__label__situationalsurveillance add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  this  is  a  project  that  uses  two  particle  photons  and  a  pir  motion  sensor  to  detect  when  someone  enters  your  house.  read  up  about  this  project  on  this  is  a  project  that  uses  two  particle  photons  and  a  pir  motion  sensor  to  detect  when  someone  enters  your  house.  the  world  is  getting  crazy  now  a  days  and  now  is  the  time  more  than  ever  to  upgrade  your  homes  security  system  we  created  an  iot  project  that  senses  motion  and  lights  up  to  scare  off  any  intruders.  this  device  is  mobile  and  can  be
__label__situationalsurveillance placed  at  any  entrance  of  the  home.  it  consists  of  two  particle  photons,  a  pir  sensor  and  two  leds  that  illuminate  the  eyes  of  ron  swanson  to  scare  off  any  potential  threats.  the  first  photon  is  connected  to  the  pir  motion  sensor.  when  motion  is  detected,  the  sensor  send  the  photon  a  signal,  which  in  turn  causes  the  photon  to  publish  that  event  on  the  particle  cloud.  the  second  photon  subscribes  to  that  event  and  then  gives  on  output  of  voltage  at  a  certain  pin  d7  which  gives  power  to  the  leds.  the  second  photon  led  then  communicates  with  the
__label__situationalsurveillance first  photon  by  flashing  the  led  on  d7  of  the  first  photon.  this  signal  means  motion  was  detected.  below  you  can  see  the  graph  of  time  vs  motion  detected  and  pictures  of  what  the  finished  product  looked  like.  by  utilizing  the  ifttt  app,  we  were  able  to  graph  the  realtime  data  that  was  being  published  by  the  photon.  each  time  an  event  occurs,  the  photon  publishes  the  data.  the  ifttt  service  then  takes  that  data  and  graphs  it  in  a  google  sheet.  the  graph  shows  how  many  times  motion  was  detected  per  minute.  below  is  a  link  to  this  sheet
__label__situationalsurveillance so  you  can  see  for  yourself  the  real  time  events.  below  are  pictures  of  what  the  ifttt  page  looked  like.  the  input  used  to  collect  data  to  graph  the  motion  data  is  shown  below.  the  device  was  placed  in  front  of  a  doorway  and  left  to  gather  data  for  multiple  minutes.  this  was  to  test  if  the  sensor  could  preform  if  the  door  was  opened  multiple  times  within  a  minute.  in  the  graph  above,  it  is  clear  that  the  sensor  can  detect  multiple  events  within  a  minute.  below  is  the  list  of  events  that  were  detected  by  the  motion  photon.
__label__situationalsurveillance 39,834  165  19  featured  this  is  a  very  simple  tutorial  to  show  how  ease  is  to  implement  an  iot  project  with  nodemcu  and  blynk.  any  time  that  we  a  movement  is  detected  by  the  sensor,  a  message  provide  by  blynk  is  send  to  a  smartphone.  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  this  motion  sensor  module  uses  the  lhi778  passive  infrared  sensor  and  the  biss0001  ic  to  control  how  motion  is  detected.  the  module  features  adjustable  sensitivity  that  allows  for  a  motion  detection  range  f
__label__situationalsurveillance the  module  also  includes  time  delay  adjustments  and  trigger  selection  that  allow  for  fine  tuning  within  your  application.  the  bellow  link  is  a  great  article  that  explain  in  details  how  the  sensor  works:  the  hw  is  very  simple.  the  sensor  has  3  pins  5v,  gnd  and  output.  it  is  important  to  point  that  the  output  of  the  hcsr501  generates  a  logic  signal  of  3.3v  high  or  0v  low,  which  is  compatible  with  the  input  levels  of  the  nodemcu,  which  also  works  with  the  3.3v  level.  i  kept  the  circuit  with  a  level  converter  to  ensure  if  any  other  sensor  with
__label__situationalsurveillance 5v  output  is  used.  if  you  are  sure  that  you  sensor  generates  3.3v  and  not  5v  as  output  you  can  eliminate  the  level  converter,  connecting  nodemcu  pin  d1  gpio  5  directly  to  hcsr501  output.  we  have  also  included  a  led  at  pin  d7  gpio13,  for  a  local  visualization.  first  lets  us  do  a  simple  test  for  testing  and  calibrating  the  sensor.  upload  the  bellow  code  at  arduino  ide:  when  doing  a  movement  in  front  of  the  sensor,  you  will  see  the  red  led  turn  on.  you  can  use  the  above  code  for  adjustments  in  the  sensor  if  needed.  note:  we
__label__situationalsurveillance are  supposing  here  that  you  have  already  prepared  your  arduino  ide  to  handle  the  nodemcu.  if  not,  please  take  a  look  at  my  tutorial:  follow  the  bellow  steps:  of  course,  the  blynk  app  will  tel  you  that  the  nodemcu  is  off  line.  its  time  to  upload  the  full  code  at  your  arduino  ide:  once  the  code  is  uploaded  and  running,  check  the  blynk  app.  it  should  be  now  also  running.  make  a  movement  in  front  of  the  sensor.  now  you  must  receive  a  message  in  your  mobile  as  show  above.  bellow  the  full  arduino  code  for  your  project:  as  always,
__label__situationalsurveillance i  hope  this  project  can  help  others  find  their  way  in  the  exciting  world  of  electronics  and  iot  for  more  projects,  please  visit  my  blog:  saludos  from  the  south  of  the  world  see  you  at  my  next  instructable  thank  you  marcelo  participated  in  the  participated  in  the  participated  in  the  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,594  enrolled  6  months  ago  i  know  this  is  an  older  instructable,  but  wanted  to  mention  there  is  a  known  issue  with  the  biss0001  pir  sensor  false  triggering  due  to  rfi  from  the  esp8266  chip.  i  have  been  developing  a  compact
__label__situationalsurveillance battery  powered  esp/pir  sensor  and  the  biss0001  has  only  worked  well  in  1  out  of  5  builds.  instead,  consider  using  the  am312  pir  sensor.  it  is  smaller,  can  be  powered  with  2.712vdc,  and  has  digital  signal  processing  with  rfi  filters.  it  is  much  more  suitable  for  use  near  an  esp8266.  9  months  ago  on  can  you  please  explain  the  coding  after  void  pirvaluevoid  or  there  is  any  another  way  to  write  it  1  year  ago  in  the  loop  of  getpirvalue  the  if  condition  no  need  add  if  pirvalue1?  becasue  without  equal  to  1  i  cant  get  notification  on  blynk  app
__label__situationalsurveillance 2  years  ago  how  to  add  buzzer  n  wiring  schema?  2  years  ago  hi,  thank  you  for  this  easy  instructables.  2  years  ago  can  this  project  be  used  with  wemos  d1  mini?  reply  2  years  ago  yes,  you  can.  only  the  pin  number  must  be  verified.  2  years  ago  nice  i  didnt  know  blink  could  text  you  2  years  ago  i  only  tested  the  project  on  my  lab  and  it  worked  fine.  for  a  simple  home  alarm  system,  the  project  would  work  as  it,  but  using  simpletimer  is  a  much  better  solution,  because  if  constant  motion  is  occurring  the  code
__label__situationalsurveillance could  no  work  properly.  a  better  solution  would  be  to  move  the  getpirvalue;  into  a  simpletimer1  loop,  say  every  5001000ms,  instead  of  the  main  void  loop.  thanks  to  gunner  for  the  comment  2  years  ago  i  followed  the  instructions,  but  i  couldnt  get  a  reading  from  the  pir  until  i  removed  the  2.2k  resistor.  after  that  it  seemed  to  work.  i  then  tried  removing  the  1k  resistor  as  well  and  plugged  directly  into  the  d1  and  it  still  worked.  i  thought  i  would  need  the  voltage  divider?  reply  2  years  ago  hi.  connecting  the  pir  directly  to  nodemcu  may  work.
__label__situationalsurveillance but  it  is  not  advisable.  the  input  pins  has  protection  to  over  voltage,  but  you  must  remember  that  you  will  also  should  limit  current  at  least  you  must  add  a  100  or  200  ohms  resistor  in  series  with  pir.  your  circuit  worked  now,  but  could  be  fried  in  a  near  future.  electronic  circuit  varies  a  lot  and  sometimes  one  chip  can  work  and  another  not.  so,  better  work  within  with  nominal  parameters  range  and  not  near  the  maximum.  reply  2  years  ago  it  must  have  been  a  loose  connection  or  something.  its  the  next  day  and  i  added  the  2.2k
__label__situationalsurveillance resistor  back  and  now  im  able  to  get  a  reading  from  the  pir,  im  not  sure  why  i  was  unable  to  last  night.  ill  be  able  to  click  on  the  i  made  it  button  great  instructable,  i  was  finally  able  to  wrap  my  head  around  blynk.  i  even  added  an  led  widget  in  blynk  to  mimic  the  led  on  the  breadboard  3  years  ago  great  project  with  nodemcu  reply  2  years  ago  thanks  a  lot  ;  3  years  ago  compliments  very  interesting  project  reply  2  years  ago  thanks  a  lot  ;  3  years  ago  somebody  send  me  this  project  with
__label__situationalsurveillance the  nodemcu  module  please,  thanks.  my  email:  andresgiraldoromangmail.com  reply  3  years  ago  hi  andrs.  i  do  not  understand  what  you  need.  please  clarify.  thanks  marcelo  3  years  ago  i  want  get  it  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__situationalsurveillance component  suppliers  end  product  suppliers  service  providers  please  be  advised  that  this  radio  configuration  rc1  is  not  adapted  for  united  states  .  the  pir  detector  is  used  to  detect  people  moving  in  monitored  areas.  it  is  battery  powered  and  it  is  suitable  for  use  in  remote  buildings,  chalets,  freestanding  garages,  etc.  motion  detector  has  also  rf  module  for  communication  with  external  key  fob.  it  can  be  use  for  activate  and  deactivate  motion  detector.  not  certified  yet  46  x  105  x  43  62  gr  ip20  yes  yes  products  sigfox  internal  type:  wave  alkaline  optional  internal  size:  aa  rechargeable:  no  quantity  of
__label__situationalsurveillance this  tutorial  is  an  introduction  to  iot  devices  and  the  usage  of  the  protocol  for  constrained  devices.  the  tutorial  introduces  a  series  of  dummy  iot  devices  which  are  displayed  within  thebrowser  and  allows  a  user  to  interact  with  them.  a  complete  understanding  of  all  the  terms  and  concepts  defined  in  thistutorial  is  necessary  before  proceeding  to  connect  the  iot  devices  to  the  orion  context  broker  via  a  real  iot  agent.  the  tutorial  uses  commands  throughout,  but  is  also  available  as  all  our  knowledge  begins  with  the  senses.  immanuel  kant  critique  of  pure  reason  the  iot  is  a  network  of  physical
__label__situationalsurveillance deviceswhich  are  able  to  connect  to  a  network  and  exchange  data.  each  thing  or  smart  device  is  a  gadget  with  embeddedelectronics  and  software  which  can  act  as  a  sensor  or  actuator.  sensors  are  able  to  report  the  state  of  the  realworldaround  them.  actuators  are  responsible  for  altering  the  state  of  the  system,  by  responding  to  a  control  signal.  each  device  is  uniquely  identifiable  through  its  embedded  computing  system  but  is  able  to  interoperate  within  theexisting  internet  infrastructure.  fiware  is  a  system  for  managing  context  information.  for  a  smart  solution  based  on  the  internet  of  things,  the  contextis  provided  by  the
__label__situationalsurveillance array  of  attached  iot  devices.  since  each  iot  device  is  a  physical  object  which  exists  in  the  realworld,  it  will  eventually  be  represented  as  a  unique  entity  within  the  context.  iot  devices  can  range  from  simple  to  complex.  here  are  some  examples  of  iot  devices  which  will  be  used  within  thistutorial:  as  you  can  see,  the  is  an  example  of  a  pure  actuator,  as  it  only  reacts  to  the  given  commands.  meanwhile  the  is  an  example  of  a  pure  sensor,  since  it  will  only  report  on  the  state  of  the  world  as  it  sees  it.  theother  two  devices  are  able
__label__situationalsurveillance to  both  respond  to  commands  and  report  on  state  in  a  meaningful  way.  the  state  information  held  within  each  device,  as  it  will  eventually  be  seen  within  the  context  broker  is  defined  in  thediagram  below:  is  alightweight  text  based  protocol  for  constrained  devices  and  communications  where  bandwidth  and  device  memory  resourcesare  limited.  the  payload  for  measurement  requests  is  a  list  of  keyvalue  pairs  separated  by  the  pipe  character.  e.g.  for  example  a  payload  such  as:  contains  two  attributes,  one  named  t  with  value  15  and  another  named  k  with  value  abc  are  transmitted.  values  inultralight  2.0  are  not  typed  everything
__label__situationalsurveillance is  treated  as  a  string.  ultralight  2.0  defines  a  payload  describing  measures  and  commands  to  share  between  devices  and  servers  but,  does  notspecify  a  single  transport  protocol.  instead,  different  transport  protocol  bindings  such  as  http,  mqtt  and  amqp  can  beused  for  different  scenarios.  for  this  tutorial  we  will  be  using  http  as  a  transport  protocol.  http  requests  generated  by  the  from  the  context  broker  and  passed  downwards  towards  an  iot  device  via  an  iot  agent  areknown  as  southbound  traffic.  southbound  traffic  consists  of  made  to  actuator  devices  which  alter  the  stateof  the  real  world  by  their  actions.  for  example  a
__label__situationalsurveillance command  to  alter  the  state  of  a  lamp  to  would  switch  on  the  lampin  real  life.  this  in  turn  could  alter  the  readings  of  other  sensors  nearby.  setting  up  the  southbound  communication  between  an  iot  agent  and  iot  devices  is  known  as  provisioning.  this  ensures  thatthe  iot  agent  holds  sufficient  information  to  be  able  to  contact  each  iot  device.  in  other  words  it  knows  where  to  sendcommands  and  which  commands  are  supported.  in  order  to  send  a  command  to  a  device,  the  iot  agent  sends  a  post  request  tothe  endpoint  supplied  by  the  device.  the  body  of  the  post  request
__label__situationalsurveillance holds  the  command.  the  payload  for  ultralight  commands  has  the  following  format:  where  is  the  entity  as  held  in  the  context  broker,  is  one  of  the  supported  commands  andany  additional  required  values  are  passed  in  subsequent  parameters  for  example  will  tell  a  device  i  am  known  as  within  the  context  broker.  i  would  like  the  devicelistening  on  this  endpoint  to  perform  the  command.  i  have  supplied  the  parameters  and  degrees  asrequired  for  the  device  to  be  able  to  perform  the  maneuver  .  the  defined  northbound  response  to  an  iot  agent  is  as  follows:  which  is  saying  i  have  complied  with
__label__situationalsurveillance a  request  from  the  entity  known  as  within  thecontext  broker.  the  command  i  have  performed  was  a  command.  the  result  was  .  as  you  can  see,  because  the  southbound  command  defines  the  used  within  the  interaction,  and  the  same  data  is  alsoreturned,  every  response  can  always  be  associated  to  the  appropriate  entity  held  within  the  context  broker.  push  commands  can  only  be  used  if  the  device  is  able  to  supply  a  separate  endpoint  for  listening  to  southbound  traffic,an  alternative  polling  mechanism  can  be  used  when  all  interactions  are  initiated  from  the  device  itself,  but  this  isbeyond  the  scope  of  this
__label__situationalsurveillance tutorial.  requests  generated  from  an  iot  device  and  passed  back  upwards  towards  the  context  broker  via  an  iot  agent  are  known  asnorthbound  traffic.  northbound  traffic  consists  of  made  by  sensor  devices  and  relays  the  state  of  thereal  world  into  the  context  data  of  the  system.  for  example  a  measurement  from  a  humidity  sensor  could  be  relayed  backinto  the  context  broker  to  indicate  that  the  moisture  level  of  the  entity  has  changed.  a  subscription  could  be  made  tobe  informed  of  such  changes  and  there  provoke  further  actions  such  as  turning  on  a  sprinkler  a  device  can  report  new  measures  to  an
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  agent  using  an  http  get  request  to  a  wellknown  endpoint  the  path  along  with  the  following  query  parameters:  the  and  parameters  are  mandatory.  for  example  the  request:  would  indicate  that  the  device  wishes  to  inform  the  iot  agent  that  is  has  made  a  realworld  measurement  with  the  value  .  this  would  eventually  be  passed  up  into  the  context  broker.  http  post  can  also  be  used.  again  the  path  will  be  ,  but  in  this  case,  data  is  not  necessary  thekeyvalue  pairs  of  the  measurement  are  passed  as  the  body  of  the  request.  and  query  parameters  are  stillmandatory:  once  again
__label__situationalsurveillance the  and  parameters  are  mandatory.  for  the  purpose  of  this  tutorial,  a  series  of  dummy  iot  devices  have  been  created,  which  will  eventually  be  attached  tothe  context  broker.  the  state  of  each  device  can  be  seen  on  the  ultralight  device  monitor  web  page  found  at:  the  demo  application  will  only  make  use  of  a  single  custom  component  acting  as  a  set  of  dummy  iot  devices.  every  iotdevice  will  be  using  the  protocol  running  over  http.  since  all  interactions  are  initiated  by  http  requests,  the  entities  can  be  containerized  andrun  from  exposed  ports.  the  necessary  configuration  information  can  be  seen  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  services  section  of  the  associated  file:  the  container  is  listening  on  two  ports:  the  container  is  driven  by  environment  variables  as  shown:  the  other  container  configuration  values  described  in  the  yaml  file  are  not  used  in  this  tutorial.  when  describing  the  messages  being  passed  through  a  working  smart  solution  we  will  refer  to  two  further  components  whichare  not  used  in  this  tutorial,  but  will  be  needed  to  complete  the  system  subsequently.  it  is  therefore  necessary  to  understand  a  sample  device  protocol  first,  and  comprehend  how  messages  are  passed  throughthe  system  to  subsequently  understand  the  purpose  of  the  iot  agent
__label__situationalsurveillance middleware.  in  this  tutorial  you  will  be  playing  therole  of  an  iot  agent  making  commands  to  devices  and  receiving  measurements  from  them.  all  services  can  be  initialized  from  the  commandline  by  running  the  bash  script  provided  within  the  repository.  pleaseclone  the  repository  and  create  the  necessary  images  by  running  the  commands  as  shown:  this  command  will  also  import  seed  data  from  the  previous  on  startup.  if  you  want  to  clean  up  and  start  over  again  you  can  do  so  with  the  following  command:  to  follow  the  tutorial  correctly  please  ensure  you  have  the  device  monitor  page  available  in  your  browser
__label__situationalsurveillance and  click  onthe  page  to  enable  audio  before  you  enter  any  curl  commands.  the  device  monitor  displays  the  current  state  of  an  arrayof  dummy  devices  using  ultralight  2.0  syntax  the  device  monitor  can  be  found  at:  within  this  tutorial  you  will  be  playing  the  role  of  the  missing  iot  agent  component,  making  southbound  commands  to  theattached  iot  devices  and  receiving  northbound  measurements  as  the  environment  changes  within  the  store.  all  the  commandsare  made  as  http  post  requests  using  ultralight  syntax  and  therefore  are  very  simple.  it  is  worthwhile  keeping  an  eye  onthe  device  monitor  page  as  it  shows  all  the
__label__situationalsurveillance northbound  traffic  generated  by  the  devices  themselves.  a  is  an  example  of  an  actuator.  it  can  respond  to  commands,  but  the  device  does  not  supply  any  measurementsfrom  the  real  world.  this  example  shows  how  a  real  iot  agent  would  send  commands  to  an  actuator.  the  has  supplied  an  endpoint  where  it  is  listening  for  commands.  the  body  of  the  request  is  in  ultralight  syntax  and  consists  of  the  of  the  device  as  heldin  the  context  broker  and  the  name  of  the  command  to  invoke  on  the  device.  the  response  returns  the  command  and  the  result  of  the  action.  if  you
__label__situationalsurveillance are  viewing  the  device  monitor  page,  you  can  see  the  state  of  the  bell  change.  the  can  be  switched  on  and  off  remotely  it  also  registers  luminosity.  it  contains  a  motion  sensorwithin  it  and  will  slowly  dim  as  time  passes  provided  no  movement  is  detected  measurements  will  be  sent  to  the  iot  agent  as  the  state  and/or  luminosity  changes.  this  example  shows  how  a  real  iot  agent  would  send  an  ultralight  command  to  a  to  switch  it  on.  the  has  already  supplied  an  endpoint  where  it  is  listening  for  commands.  the  body  of  the  request  consists  of  the  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance device  as  held  in  the  context  broker  andthe  name  of  the  command  to  invoke  on  the  device.  the  response  returns  the  command  and  the  result  of  the  action.  once  the  lamp  is  switched  on  the  luminosity  level  will  alter  dependent  upon  whether  the  internal  motion  sensor  detectsmovement.  the  measurement  is  actively  reported  and  requests  to  the  iot  broker  can  be  seen  on  the  device  monitor  page.  this  example  shows  how  a  real  iot  agent  would  send  an  ultralight  command  to  a  to  switch  it  off.  the  has  already  supplied  an  endpoint  where  it  is  listening  for  commands.  the  body  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  request  consists  of  the  of  the  device  as  held  in  the  context  broker  andthe  name  of  the  command  to  invoke  on  the  device.  the  response  returns  the  command  and  the  result  of  the  action.  once  the  lamp  is  switched  off  the  luminosity  level  does  not  alter.  the  latest  ultralight  measurement  assent  to  the  iot  broker  can  be  seen  on  the  device  monitor  page.  to  turn  the  back  on  again  repeat  the  following  command:  a  is  an  electronic  door  which  can  be  sent  commands  to  be  locked  or  unlocked  remotely.  it  can  also  reporton  its  current  state  ,  or  ,
__label__situationalsurveillance measurements  will  be  sent  to  the  iot  agent  as  the  state  changes.  this  example  shows  how  a  real  iot  agent  would  send  an  ultralight  command  to  a  to  unlock  the  door.  the  has  already  supplied  an  endpoint  where  it  is  listening  for  commands.  the  body  of  the  request  consists  of  the  of  the  device  as  held  in  the  context  broker  andthe  name  of  the  command  to  invoke  on  the  device.  the  response  returns  the  command  and  the  result  of  the  action.  once  the  is  unlocked,  it  will  automatically  open  and  close  as  customers  enter.  the  changes  of  state  areactively  reported
__label__situationalsurveillance to  the  iot  broker,  and  the  state  of  the  can  be  seen  on  the  device  monitor  page.  the  within  the  store  is  not  an  actuator  it  does  not  respond  to  commands,  however  it  does  activelymeasure  the  number  of  customers  passing  by.  if  the  door  is  unlocked,  the  will  detect  movement  and  sendultralight  measurements  back  up  to  the  iot  broker.  the  northbound  http  requests  generated  by  the  can  be  also  viewed  on  the  device  monitor  page.  this  example  shows  how  a  real  iot  agent  would  send  a  command  to  a  to  open  the  door.  the  has  already  supplied  an  endpoint  where
__label__situationalsurveillance it  is  listening  for  commands.  the  body  of  the  request  consists  of  the  of  the  device  as  held  in  the  context  broker  andthe  name  of  the  command  to  invoke  on  the  device.  the  response  returns  the  command  and  the  result  of  the  action.  the  state  of  the  can  be  seen  on  the  device  monitor  page.  customers  may  now  enter  and  the  may  pick  up  movement  and  send  measurements  to  the  iot  broker.  the  northbound  http  requests  generated  by  the  and  the  can  also  be  viewed  on  the  devicemonitor  page.  this  example  shows  how  a  real  iot  agent  would  send  a
__label__situationalsurveillance command  to  a  to  close  the  door.  the  has  already  supplied  an  endpoint  where  it  is  listening  for  commands.  the  body  of  the  request  consists  of  the  of  the  device  as  held  in  the  context  broker  andthe  name  of  the  command  to  invoke  on  the  device.  the  response  returns  the  command  and  the  result  of  the  action.  since  the  door  is  currently  unlocked,  customers  will  continue  to  enter,  and  reopen  the  door  themselves.  if  motion  isdetected,  the  will  send  measurements  to  the  iot  broker.  the  northbound  http  requests  generated  by  the  can  also  be  viewed  on  the  device  monitor  page.
__label__situationalsurveillance this  example  shows  how  a  real  iot  agent  would  send  an  ultralight  command  to  a  smart  door  to  lock  the  door.  the  smartdoor  has  already  supplied  an  endpoint  where  it  is  listening  for  commands.  the  body  of  the  request  consists  of  the  of  the  device  as  held  in  the  context  broker  andthe  name  of  the  command  to  invoke  on  the  device.  the  response  returns  the  command  and  the  result  of  the  action.  once  the  door  is  locked,  no  further  customers  may  enter.  the  will  report  no  further  movement  detected,the  cannot  be  opened  manually  and  the  will  slowly  return  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance motion  or  occupancy  detectors  are  used  to  detect  security  threats,  save  energy  by  efficient  lighting  control  and  triggering  other  iot  enabled  devices.  our  integrated  circuits  and  reference  designs  help  you  add  different  technologies  pir,  mmwave  radar,  microwave,  ultrasonic,  and  timeofflight,  etc.  to  your  system.  motion  detector  designs  often  require:  search  our  extensive  online  knowledge  base  where  millions  of  technical  questions  and  answers  are  available  24/7.  content  is  provided  as  is  by  the  respective  ti  and  community  contributors  and  does  not  constitute  ti  specifications.  .  if  you  have  questions  about  quality,  packaging,  or  ordering  ti  products  visit  our  .
__label__situationalsurveillance arm  neoverse  cores  are  at  the  heart  of  graviton2  apple  asks  luxshareict  to  increase  chinese  production  of  popular  new  pro  earbuds,  report  says  alexa  voice  now  integrated  with  aws  iot  core  at  substantial  cost  savings  to  developers
__label__situationalsurveillance recommended  posts  device  management  subscriber  management  copyright  2019  all  rights  reserved  we  are  the  member  of:  this  website  is  using  cookies  we  use  cookies  for  statistical  and  marketing  purposes  and  to  improve  the  quality  of  our  services.  the  information  stored  in  cookies  usually  allow  the  identification  of  a  specific  device  or  users  browser,  so  they  may  contain  personal  data.  by  continuing  to  use  this  website  with  setting  the  web  browser  in  a  way  which  alows  the  use  of  cookies  by  the  website  means  yours  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies.  you  can  change  your  web  browser  settings  at  any  time.
__label__situationalsurveillance programmable  zigbee  button  for  triggering  smart  home  events  wireless  monitoring  of  voc  levels,  humidity  and  temperature  temperature  monitoring  for  optimal  fire  detection  monitoring  the  temperature  andhumidity  levels  leakage  and  temperature  monitoring  for  optimal  safety  the  wireless  platform  from  develco  products  is  divided  into  six  different  product  categories.  in  the  catalogue,  you  will  get  an  overview  of  the  products  ranging  from  wireless  sensors,  smart  plugs  and  relays  to  multiprotocol  gateways,  zigbee  modules,  and  meter  interfaces.  we  were  searching  the  market  for  the  right  collaboration  partner  for  our  company,  and  we  chose  develco  products  because  we  had  a  really  good  and  professional
__label__situationalsurveillance dialogue  with  them  from  the  beginning  dk  8200  aarhus  phone:  mail:  when  you  visit  develcoproducts.com,  we  use  cookies  to  measure  the  traffic  on  the  website.  we  use  this  information  to  improve  our  website.  if  you  do  not  wish  to  accept  cookies,  you  may  set  your  browser  to  automatically  reject  cookies  or  to  notify  you  whenever  a  website  asks  to  store  cookies.  use  your  browsers  help  function  for  more  information.
__label__situationalsurveillance we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__situationalsurveillance image  from  11/01/2019  looking  for  some  plug  and  play  sensor  platforms?  or  some  easy  to  use  standalone  sensors  and  actuators?  66  37  modules  sensor  kit  v1.0  for  arduino.  35  projects  and  37  modules  for  you  to  learn  basic  knowledge  about  arduino.  with  an...  49.90  includes  a  base  shield  along  with  a  sound,  touch,  temp,  light  and  rotary  angle  sensor.  89.99  the  base  kit  includes  the  grovepi  board  and  12  grove  sensors  sound,  temp  and  humidity,  light,  ultrasonic,  rotart  angle  so  you  can  build...  299.00  the  kit  includes  everything  you  need  to  get  started  with  new  iot  networks.  it  consists  of
__label__situationalsurveillance a  powerful  arduino  computer,  lora  radio  and...  texas  instruments  incorporated  designs,  manufactures,  and  sells  processors,  mcus,  power  management  circuits,  and  sensors.  te  connectivity  designs  and  manufactures  connectivity  and  sensor  products.  stmicroelectronics  n.v.  designs,  develops,  manufactures,  and  markets  semiconductor  integrated  circuits  and  discrete  devices.  nxp  semiconductors  acquired  by  qualcomm  provides  high  performance  mixed  signal  and  standard  product  solutions  for  radio  frequency  rf,  analog,  power  management,  interface,  security,  and  digital  processing  products.  monnit  sells  wireless  gateways,  sensors,  starter  kits,  software,  and  controllers.  memsic  acquired  by  idg  designs,  manufactures  and  markets  cmos  mems  microelectromechanical  systems  ic  products  that  have  onchip  mixed  signal  processing..
__label__situationalsurveillance dialog  semiconductor  develops  mixed  signal  integrated  circuits  for  mobile,  tablet,  iot  and  solid  state  lighting  applications.  sensorup  develops  an  iot  cloud  platform.  samsara  sells  hardware  and  endtoend  solutions  for  fleet  and  industrial  applications.  intellisense.io  provides  a  cloud  platform  for  the  natural  resources  industries  with  a  focus  on  mining  operations.  ayla  networks  provides  cloud  platform  for  major  hardware  and  application  vendors.  moti  is  a  new  platform  for  easily  building  things  that  move.  it  consists  of  smart  motors  that  are  accessible  from  a  web  browser.  there,  you  can...  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  iot  and  its  implications  since  2009.
__label__situationalsurveillance he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  usage.  smart  product  system  trends  join  20,000  readers  for  our  newsletter  to  stay  a  step  ahead  of  the  curve.  smart  devices  systems
__label__situationalsurveillance a  premium  membership  for  higherlevel  suppliers.  1  piece  86.7  3  pieces  79.0  2  pieces  80.4  50  pieces  70.0  1  piece  86.7  3  pieces  79.0  1  piece  95.2  100  pieces  88.2  3  pieces  84.8  0.0  5  pieces  48.5  50  pieces  0.0  1  piece  65.4  1  piece  80.0  1  piece  96.7  1  piece  75.0  1  piece  66.7  1  piece  86.1  1  piece  100  10  sets  90.9  100  pieces  0.0  500  boxes  0.0  3  pieces  93.5  1  piece  0.0  500  pieces  87.8  0.0  10  pieces  0.0  100  pieces  65.4  1  piece  100  1  piece  80.0  10  sets  90.9  1  piece  75.0  50  pieces
__label__situationalsurveillance sensors  are  small  pieces  of  hardware  which  enable  the  internet  of  things  by  monitoring  processes,  collecting  huge  amounts  of  data  and  taking  several  measurements.  the  falling  prices  of  these  sensors  is  helping  drive  down  iot  deployment  costs  and  is  enabling  an  increasing  number  of  use  cases  in  the  iot  space.  there  are  specific  sensors  for  each  iot  use  case,  depending  on  the  requirements  of  the  installation.  there  are  sensors  for  measuring  temperature,  pressure  and  others  to  monitor  the  quality  of  the  air  or  of  waters.  we  will  take  a  look  at  several  different  types  of  sensors  and  their  corresponding  use
__label__situationalsurveillance cases.  these  sensors  can  be  utilized  in  nearly  every  iot  environment,  from  the  factory  floor  to  agricultural  fields.  in  manufacturing,  temperature  sensors  can  continually  measure  the  temperature  of  a  machine  to  ensure  it  stays  within  a  secure  threshold.  in  agriculture,  these  sensors  are  deployed  to  track  the  temperature  of  soil,  water  and  plants  to  maximize  output.  these  sensors  can  also  be  used  in  healthrelated  iot  projects.  contact  temperature  sensors  are  required  to  be  in  physical  contact  with  the  object  being  sensed  and  use  conduction  to  monitor  changes  in  temperature.  they  can  be  used  to  detect  solids,  liquids  or  gases  over
__label__situationalsurveillance a  wide  range  of  temperatures.  meanwhile,  noncontact  temperature  sensors  use  convection  and  radiation  to  monitor  changes  in  temperature.  these  sensors  are  able  to  detect  the  presence  of  nearby  objects  or  persons  without  any  physical  contact.  these  sensors  detect  motion  and  are  frequently  used  in  a  retail  setting.  retailers  can  use  a  customers  proximity  to  a  product  to  send  deals  and  coupons  directly  to  their  smartphone.  proximity  sensors  can  also  be  used  to  monitor  the  availability  of  parking  spaces  in  large  venues  like  airports,  malls  and  stadiums.  also,  proximity  sensors  are  used  in  manufacturing  environments  such  as  beverages  and  food  can
__label__situationalsurveillance making  lines.  a  pressure  sensor  may  be  used  to  sense  the  decay  of  pressure  due  to  a  system  leak.  these  devices  can  determine  the  flow  of  water  through  pipes  and  notify  the  correct  authority  when  something  needs  to  be  fixed.  pressure  sensing  is  useful  in  weather  instrumentation,  aircraft,  automobiles,  and  any  other  machinery  that  has  pressure  functionality  implemented.  these  type  of  sensors  are  mostly  used  in  precision  agriculture,  water  treatment  and  rainwater  quality  monitoring.  these  devices  can  be  used  for  air  quality  control  management  in  smart  buildings  and  throughout  smart  cities.  infrared  sensors  can  be  used  to  create  a  range
__label__situationalsurveillance of  smart  products  including  heart  rate  and  fitness  monitors,  security  alarm  circuits  and  smart  toys,  among  others.  ir  sensors  can  also  visualize  heat  leaks  in  houses,  help  doctors  monitor  blood  flow,  identify  environmental  chemicals  in  the  environment  and  can  be  also  integrated  with  wearable  electronics.  level  sensors  detect  the  level  of  liquids  and  other  fluids  including  slurries,  granular  materials  and  powders  that  exhibit  an  upper  surface.  level  sensors  can  be  used  for  smart  waste  management  and  recycling  purposes.  other  applications  of  level  sensors  include  measuring  tank  levels;  diesel  fuel  gauging;  liquid  assets  inventory;  high  or  low  level  alarms;  and  irrigation
__label__situationalsurveillance control.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two  kids.
__label__situationalsurveillance sensors  are  everywhere.  theyre  in  our  homes  and  workplaces,  our  shopping  centers  and  hospitals.  theyre  embedded  in  smart  phones  and  an  integral  part  of  the  internet  of  things  iot.  sensors  have  been  around  for  a  long  time.  the  first  thermostat  was  introduced  in  the  late  1880s  and  infrared  sensors  have  been  around  since  the  late  1940s.  the  iot  and  its  counterpart,  the  ,  are  bringing  sensor  usage  to  a  new  level.  broadly  speaking,  sensors  are  devices  that  detect  and  respond  to  changes  in  an  environment.  inputs  can  come  from  a  variety  of  sources  such  as  light,  temperature,  motion  and  pressure.
__label__situationalsurveillance sensors  output  valuable  information  and  if  they  are  connected  to  a  network,  they  can  share  data  with  other  connected  devices  and  management  systems.  sensors  come  in  many  shapes  and  sizes.  some  are  purposebuilt  containing  many  builtin  individual  sensors,  allowing  you  to  monitor  and  measure  many  sources  of  data.  ,  its  key  for  sensors  to  include  digital  and  analog  inputs  so  that  they  can  read  data  from  legacy  sensors.  there  are  many  types  of  iot  sensors  and  an  even  greater  number  of  applications  and  use  cases.  here  are  10  of  the  more  popular  types  of  iot  sensors  and  some  of  their
__label__situationalsurveillance use  cases.  temperature  sensors  measure  the  amount  of  heat  energy  in  a  source,  allowing  them  to  detect  temperature  changes  and  convert  these  changes  to  data.  machinery  used  in  often  requires  environmental  and  device  temperatures  to  be  at  specific  levels.  similarly,  within  agriculture,  soil  temperature  is  a  key  factor  for  crop  growth.  these  types  of  sensors  measure  the  amount  of  water  vapor  in  the  atmosphere  of  air  or  other  gases.humidity  sensors  are  commonly  found  in  heating,  vents  and  air  conditioning  hvac  systems  in  both  industrial  and  residential  domains.  they  can  be  found  in  many  other  areas  including  hospitals,  and  meteorology  stations
__label__situationalsurveillance to  report  and  predict  weather.  a  pressure  sensor  senses  changes  in  gases  and  liquids.  when  the  pressure  changes,  the  sensor  detects  these  changes,  and  communicates  them  to  connected  systems.  common  use  cases  include  leak  testing  which  can  be  a  result  of  decay.  pressure  sensors  are  also  useful  in  the  manufacturing  of  water  systems  as  it  is  easy  to  detect  fluctuations  or  drops  in  pressure.  proximity  sensors  are  used  for  noncontact  detection  of  objects  near  the  sensor.  these  types  of  sensors  often  emit  electromagnetic  fields  or  beams  of  radiation  such  as  infrared.  proximity  sensors  have  some  interesting  use  cases.  in  retail,
__label__situationalsurveillance a  proximity  sensor  can  detect  the  motion  between  a  customer  and  a  product  in  which  he  or  she  is  interested.  the  user  can  be  notified  of  any  discounts  or  special  offers  of  products  located  near  the  sensor.  proximity  sensors  are  also  used  in  the  parking  lots  of  malls,  stadiums  and  airports  to  indicate  parking  availability.  they  can  also  be  used  on  the  assembly  lines  of  chemical,  food  and  many  other  types  of  industries.  level  sensors  are  used  to  detect  the  level  of  substances  including  liquids,  powders  and  granular  materials.  many  industries  including  oil  manufacturing,  water  treatment  and  beverage  and  food
__label__situationalsurveillance manufacturing  factories  use  level  sensors.  waste  management  systems  provide  a  common  use  case  as  level  sensors  can  detect  the  level  of  waste  in  a  garbage  can  or  dumpster.  accelerometers  detect  an  objects  acceleration  i.e.  the  rate  of  change  of  the  objects  velocity  with  respect  to  time.  accelerometers  can  also  detect  changes  to  gravity.  use  cases  for  accelerometers  include  smart  pedometers  and  monitoring  driving  fleets.  they  can  also  be  used  as  antitheft  protection  alerting  the  system  if  an  object  that  should  be  stationary  is  moved.  gyroscope  sensors  measure  the  angular  rate  or  velocity,  often  defined  as  a  measurement  of  speed  and
__label__situationalsurveillance rotation  around  an  axis.  use  cases  include  automotive,  such  as  car  navigation  and  electronic  stability  control  antiskid  systems.  additional  use  cases  include  motion  sensing  for  video  games,  and  camerashake  detection  systems.  these  types  of  sensors  monitor  and  detect  changes  in  air  quality,  including  the  presence  of  toxic,  combustible  or  hazardous  gasses.  industries  using  gas  sensors  include  mining,  oil  and  gas,  chemical  research  andmanufacturing.  a  common  consumer  use  case  is  the  familiar  carbon  dioxide  detectors  used  in  many  homes.  these  types  of  sensors  sense  characteristics  in  their  surroundings  by  either  emitting  or  detecting  infrared  radiation.  they  can  also  measure  the  heat
__label__situationalsurveillance emitted  by  objects.  infrared  sensors  are  used  in  a  variety  of  different  iot  projects  including  healthcare  as  they  simplify  the  monitoring  of  blood  flow  and  blood  pressure.  televisions  use  infrared  sensors  to  interpret  the  signals  sent  from  a  remote  control.  another  interesting  application  is  that  of  art  historians  using  infrared  sensors  to  see  hidden  layers  in  paintings  to  help  determine  whether  a  work  of  art  is  original  or  fake  or  has  been  altered  by  a  restoration  process.  optical  sensors  convert  rays  of  light  into  electrical  signals.  there  are  many  applications  and  use  cases  for  optical  sensors.  in  the  auto  industry,
__label__situationalsurveillance vehicles  use  optical  sensors  to  recognize  signs,  obstacles,  and  other  things  that  a  driver  would  notice  when  driving  or  parking.  optical  sensors  play  a  big  role  in  the  development  of  driverless  cars.  optical  sensors  are  very  common  in  smart  phones.  for  example,  ambient  light  sensors  can  extend  battery  life.  optical  sensors  are  also  used  in  the  biomedical  field  including  breath  analysis  and  heartrate  monitors.
__label__situationalsurveillance hardware  providers  answer  the  question  about  iot  use  cases  with:  imagine  you  had  superpowers  its  a  mindset  that  illustrates  just  how  many  opportunities  iot  technologies  can  create.  as  the  technology  can  be  applied  to  almost  every  vertical,  possible  use  cases  are  only  limited  by  our  imagination.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  term  for  cyberphysical  systems  that  link  physical  devices  to  the  web  and  to  each  other.  iot  platforms  can  connect  all  sorts  of  physical  devices  and  process  the  data  generated  by  their  different  sensors.  the  analysis  of  iot  data  enables  decision  makers  to  reveal  new  insights  and  helps
__label__situationalsurveillance automated  ecosystems  become  smarter.  transport,  logistics,  manufacturing,  healthcare,  retail  or  smart  homes,  everything  is  connected.  heres  how  the  iot  is  put  to  use  in  different  industries:  transportation  and  logistics  need  as  much  information  as  possible  for  accurate  and  errorfree  management.  timing  is  of  the  essence  especially  when  relying  on  a  combination  of  different  transport  modes  such  as  rail,  road,  and  sea  transport.  the  logistics  industry  was  among  the  first  adopters  of  iot  technologies  in  operations:  it  introduced  handheld  scanners  to  digitise  the  delivery  process  and  multiple  sensors  to  monitor  cargo  and  delivery  truck  performance.  now  everything  is  connected,  from  flexible
__label__situationalsurveillance warehousing  operations  to  supply  chain  management:  assets,  carriers,  storage  facilities,  parking  lots,  trucks,  and  other  types  of  infrastructure.  this  helps  in  pinpointing  underused  resources  and  making  plans  for  enhanced  optimization.  as  a  result,  iotenabled  operations  save  money,  help  ensure  more  reliable  scheduling  and  increase  delivery  punctuality.  for  example,  dhl  makes  use  of  .  it  allows  them  to  gain  clear  visibility  of  the  movement  and  status  of  goods  at  all  stages  of  the  logistics  journey.  sensors  monitor  the  freight  location,  but  also  container  openings,  vibrations,  strokes,  or  any  damage  to  the  cargo.  this  ensures  the  transported  goods  arrive  on  time,  at
__label__situationalsurveillance the  right  place  and  intact.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  uses  both  supply  chain  management  and  smart  logistics.  but  it  shows  its  real  benefits  in  predictive  maintenance  and  asset  tracking:  a  mix  of  temperature,  hvac  and  chemical  sensors  helps  to  control  the  conditions  of  working  environments.  location  tracking  with  rfid  tags  helps  identify  crucial  assets  and  enables  a  whole  new  level  of  transportation  automation  in  .  ultimately  iot  implementations  improve  the  factorys  operational  efficiency  and  save  time  and  costs.  one  example  of  how  iot  can  enrich  manufacturing  processes  is  with  .  a  digital  twin  is  a  virtual  representation  of
__label__situationalsurveillance a  physical  object,  which  can  be  an  individual  item,  a  machine  or  a  whole  manufacturing  plant.  with  the  help  of  digital  twins  the  production  line  can  be  monitored  digitally  and  in  real  time  to  detect  flaws  as  soon  as  possible.  iot  data  is  by  taking  the  guesswork  out  of  growing  food.  the  study  of  weather  conditions  to  forecast  ice,  rain,  drought,  snow  or  wind  changes  enables  farmers  to  take  necessary  measures  in  advance.  in  a  temperature  and  hvac  sensors  allow  for  control  over  microclimate  conditions.  in  addition  to  that  sensors  built  into  to  production  processes  monitor  machine  performances  and  the
__label__situationalsurveillance status  of  the  content  in  trucks  and  tanks.  results  are  higher  crop  yields,  increased  efficiency,  improved  quality  and  less  water  usage.  the  shows  how  iot  can  be  applied  to  the  pastoral  farming  sector.  by  implanting  sensors  in  selected  cows,  farmers  can  gain  a  valuable  overall  picture  of  the  herds  health.  this  can  help  them  identify  problems  at  an  early  stage  and  act  quickly  to  resolve  them  before  they  impact  the  efficiency  of  milk  production.  on  a  city  level,  iot  technology  can  help  municipalities  to  organise  their  cities  more  effectively  and  sustainably.  sensors  can  be  used  to  monitor  urban  noise  and
__label__situationalsurveillance air  quality  in  problematic  areas.  smart  traffic  solutions  can  redirect  drivers  to  different  routes  to  release  pressure  from  hightrafficareas.  this  way  iot  can  drive  optimal  space  utilisation.  with  smart  lighting  systems,  street  furniture  can  be  programmed  to  adjust  to  their  surroundings  with  the  help  of  light  and  motion  sensors.  an  example  of  creative  iot  use  is  the  solutions  in  montpellier.  with  data  from  motion  sensors  the  location  of  free  parking  spots  can  be  communicated  to  drivers  in  realtime.  this  eliminates  the  time  spent  on  driving  around  in  search  of  available  parking  and  makes  the  city  more  ecofriendly  in  the  long
__label__situationalsurveillance run.  the  internet  of  things  has  numerous  applications  in  a  retail  environment:  on  one  side  it  can  create  a  more  immersive  shopping  experience  for  customers.  the  technology  can  connect  a  customers  mobile  to  a  store  window,  help  them  finding  what  they  need,  offer  valuable  information  or  special  concessions  for  loyality.  on  the  other  side  retailers  can  use  iot  platforms  to  improve  their  store  operations.  rfid  labels  attached  to  items  helps  to  monitor  stock  levels,  sales  and  customer  behaviour.  the  data  generated  with  this  technology  enable  managers  to  plan  ahead  and  work  more  efficiently.  a  fully  automated  checkout  is  already  a
__label__situationalsurveillance reality  at  the  store.  the  convenience  store  uses  a  set  of  sensors  to  detect  which  items  are  added  to  a  shoppers  basket.  customers  can  then  simply  walk  out  of  the  shop  without  queuing  and  their  digital  accounts  are  automatically  charged.  healthcare  organizations  make  use  of  iot  technologies  to  improve  their  workflow  and  patient  experience.  as  in  other  industries  iot  technologies  streamline  asset  tracking  and  improve  supply  chain  management.  with  an  inventory  management  system,  employees  can  locate  crucial  equipment  quickly.  but  in  addition  to  that,  wearable  devices  can  also  collect  and  analyse  health  data  from  patients  in  real  time.  systems  like
__label__situationalsurveillance glucometers,  blood  pressure  cuffs  and  other  devices  can  collect  data  on  the  vital  signs  of  patients.  the  data  can  be  used  for  proactive  and  connected  monitoring,  early  detection  and  diagnosis.  ,  vice  president  and  cio  at  jfk  health  system  in  edison,  n.j.  gives  his  outlook  on  device  integration:  were  also  just  beginning  to  scratch  the  surface  there  in  integrating  those  devices  to  collect  the  data  directly  into  the  emr  electronic  medical  record,  giving  us  at  least  some  improvement  for  the  clinicians  in  terms  of  workflow  and  ease  of  documentation  in  domestic  homes,  smart  meters  are  becoming  increasingly  common,  allowing  residents
__label__situationalsurveillance to  monitor  and  control  their  energy  consumption.  a  connected  system  of  sensors  can  for  example  automatically  adjust  the  thermostat  to  change  temperature  or  turn  off  the  lights  when  a  room  isnt  occupied.  home  safety  and  security  systems  connect  sensors  like  cameras,  motion,  fire  and  smoke  detectors  with  alarm  systems.  voice  assistants  on  devices  such  as  amazon  echo  or  google  home  can  provide  additional  services.  they  can  connect  to  mobile  phones  or  entertainment  systems  to  make  phone  calls,  schedule  event,  play  music  or  control  a  smart  tv  remotely.  this  list  is  by  no  means  comprehensive  and  can  be  expanded  to  different
__label__situationalsurveillance industries  and  use  cases.  looking  at  the  variety  of  ,  some  fields  have  only  just  started  to  discover  their  potential.  with  this  superpower  at  hand,  the  utilisation  of  iot  data  can  create  opportunities  for  sustainability,  energy  efficiency,  health  and  safety.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  internet  of  things  iot  is  all  about  making  life  simpler  and  more  exciting  for  consumers  by  interconnecting  the  world  around  them.  but  how  can  this  promise  of  the  iot  be  fulfilled?  in  the  world  of  iot,  microelectromechanical  systems  mems  sensors  form  the  backbone  of  the  interface  between  the  user  and  the  multitudes  of  devices  that  surround  us,  such  as  smartphones,  wearables,  robots,  and  drones.  however,  making  devices  able  to  sense  and  be  connected  is  simply  not  enough  to  realize  the  grand  promise  of  the  iot.  the  fact  remains,  that  iot  will  only  be  successful  if  it  follows  a  usercentric
__label__situationalsurveillance approach,  i.e.  by  solving  reallife  everyday  challenges,  making  life  simpler,  enhancing  ease  of  use.  furthermore,  ubiquitous  sensing  of  everything  on  all  manner  of  devices  in  an  everincreasing  number  of  complex  environments  poses  definite  and  growing  challenges  for  sensor  providers.  these  challenges  as  well  as  the  possible  solutions  to  overcome  them  are  discussed  below  from  a  sensor  vendors  perspective.  when  we  consider  todays  smart  sensor  modules,  which  contain  certain  processing  capabilities  integrated  with  the  raw  sensors,  it  boils  down  to  three  key  challenges:  the  first  challenge  is  the  technology  itself.  vendors  are  pushed  to  leverage  their  core  mems  and  system  knowhow
__label__situationalsurveillance to  achieve  the  almost  impossible.  there  are  physical  constraints  challenging  the  engineer,  package  sizes  cannot  shrink  forever,  whilst  demands  for  lower  power  and  higher  performance  continue  to  rise  incessantly.  vendors  are  also  forced  to  embed  more  and  more  intelligence  and  awareness  into  these  systems.  to  achieve  this  aim,  technology  will  need  to  be  leveraged  across  multiple  product  platforms.  the  second  challenge  results  from  the  industrys  broad  fragmentation.  today,  the  bulk  of  revenue  booked  from  mems  sensors  comes  from  the  smartphone  segment,  i.e.,  there  are  more  than  a  billion  smartphones  sold  each  year  with  each  containing  at  least  one  mems  sensor.
__label__situationalsurveillance here,  the  smartphone  oems  set  the  specifications  and  the  vendors,  such  as  bosch  sensortec,  define  their  mems  sensors  accordingly.  but  the  iot  world  is  very  different,  characterized  by  a  highly  fragmented  structure  of  competing  technological  platforms.  the  demands  placed  on  the  sensor  subsystem  comprising  of  the  sensors,  microcontrollers  and  actuators  vary  widely  across  the  iot  space.  therefore,  vendors  such  as  bosch  sensortec  need  to  create  crossplatform  solutions  integrating  hardware  and  software,  and  provide  applicationspecific  software.  by  leveraging  software  and  expert  application  knowhow,  vendors  help  their  customers  to  solve  specific  issues  without  having  to  tailor  a  custom  hardware  solution  for  each
__label__situationalsurveillance and  every  individual  application.  the  final  challenge  is  geometrically  expanding  complexity.  iot  systems  are  inherently  complex,  and  oems  often  require  turnkey  solutions  or  reference  designs.  bottom  line,  supplying  just  components  is  no  longer  enough.  marketleading  vendors  meet  these  requirements  head  on  with  integrated  smart  sensor  solutions,  which  greatly  reduce  complexity  by  incorporating  increasingly  more  system  processing  power  into  single  modular  devices.  and  since  no  one  company  can  provide  an  allencompassing  complete  solution,  suppliers  must  also  closely  cooperate  and  form  partnerships  with  third  parties,  for  example,  in  creating  reference  designs.  the  iot  information  structure  is  comprised  of  several  levels,  which,  for
__label__situationalsurveillance a  typical  application,  can  be  ranked  in  the  following  order  of  increasing  information  usefulness:  although  raw  data  may  be  filtered,  compensated  and  corrected,  in  most  cases  there  are  definite  limits  to  what  a  user  can  do  with  it.  at  the  subsequent  level,  by  identifying  patterns  and  applying  algorithms,  data  can  be  interpreted  to  provide  motion  detection  information.  then,  by  adding  in  additional  sensor  functions,  such  as  altitude  detection  through  barometric  pressure  measurement,  we  go  up  another  level  to  assign  inferred  activity  monitoring  information.  context  awareness  of  the  device  in  the  modern  ubiquitous  computing  environment  encompasses  adding  further  elements  such  as
__label__situationalsurveillance interaction  with  other  devices,  adapting  to  ambient  noise  and  light  conditions,  network  status,  etc.  finally,  this  leads  to  more  sophisticated  tasks,  such  as  predictive  decisionmaking  based  on  weighted  evaluation  of  context  and  behavioral  patterns  over  time.  at  this  point,  it  becomes  very  interesting  to  correlate  the  methods  by  which  a  sensor  system  processes  data  with  the  function  of  the  human  brain.  the  human  brain  has  two  primary  systems  by  which  data  is  processed:  the  cognitive  and  the  limbic.  the  cognitive  level  can  be  compared  to  cloud  computing  high  processing  power  and  large  memory,  but  with  reoccurring  delays  and  latencies.  in
__label__situationalsurveillance contrast,  the  limbic  system  is  primordial,  reactive  and  reflexive  corresponding  to  local  processing  in  a  sensor  system,  i.e.  edge  computing.  description  of  the  differences  between  cognitive  and  limbic  systems,  correlating  to  the  human  brains  processing  of  sensory  data  picture  source:  krisdog/depositphotos.com;  bosch  sensortec.  referencing  back  to  the  topic  of  iot,  the  sensor  information  hierarchy  becomes  crucial  in  determining  which  measured  data  is  important  and  which  is  not.  if  data  is  not  actionable,  it  is  essentially  useless,  making  the  vast  amounts  of  data  present  in  most  applications  superfluous.  counter  intuitively,  it  is  often  more  efficient  to  simply  leave  a  sensor  on
__label__situationalsurveillance permanently,  waiting  to  identify  useful  information,  e.g.  an  accelerometer  in  a  step  counter  application.  our  sensor  system  must  intelligently  determine  which  data  is  worth  transferring  to  the  cloud  and  thereby  efficiently  utilize  the  available  bandwidth  and  power.  the  key  is  for  local  onsensor  processing  to  discard  most  of  this  superfluous  data  autonomously  and  thus  save  valuable  system  driver  capacities.  in  iot  sensor  applications,  we  can  identify  several  key  system  drivers  that  influence  system  and  component  design:  there  are  six  forces  influencing  and  constraining  the  iot  system  and  component  design  picture  source:  bosch  sensortec.  to  illustrate  the  above  points,  lets  consider
__label__situationalsurveillance a  few  examples.  firstly,  a  wearable  application  such  as  a  step  counter  needs  to  be  alwayson,  with  a  battery  that  is  as  small  as  possible.  the  key  factor  here  is  low  power  consumption,  which  can  be  achieved  by  integrating  the  step  counting  functionality  directly  within  the  sensor  itself.  this  saves  battery  power  by  not  waking  up  the  wearables  main  processor  unless  it  is  absolutely  necessary.  to  further  save  power  resources,  the  wearable  must  not  transmit  all  the  step  counting  data  to  the  host,  which  makes  this  into  a  typical  example  of  an  edge  computing  application.  with  power  consumption  being  the
__label__situationalsurveillance primary  consideration,  an  ultralow  power  solution  such  as  the  or  smart  sensor  hub  is  an  ideal  choice.  another  example  is  the  trend  of  rapid  prototyping,  which  is  increasingly  common  even  in  large  corporations  for  market  validation  of  use  cases.  rapid  prototyping  is  typically  performed  on  development  platforms  such  as  arduino,  raspberry  pi  or  other  similar  opensource  systems,  where  components  including  sensors  are  combined  to  validate  a  concept.  to  maximize  ease  of  integration,  this  type  of  application  requires  relatively  sophisticated  software  to  be  provided  by  the  sensor  vendor.  development  times  need  to  be  as  short  as  possible,  and  oems  need  to
__label__situationalsurveillance explore  system  design  even  with  limited  sensor  knowledge.  having  the  sensors  available  on  a  number  of  platforms,  such  as  arduino  and  raspberry  pi,  greatly  simplifies  its  integration.  for  a  successful  iot  application,  it  is  crucial  to  work  with  a  competent  sensor  vendor  that  understands  this  highly  complex  iot  environment.  such  a  partner  should  provide  a  wide  portfolio  of  high  performance  sensors  and  propose  just  the  right  solution  for  your  application.  no  less  important  is  quality,  local  support  and  strong  partnerships  with  third  parties  who  can  provide  reference  designs  and  systemlevel  expertise.  iot  requires  indepth  understanding  of  the  multitudes  of  applications
__label__situationalsurveillance and  the  ability  to  meet  critical  sensor  and  processing  requirements  such  as  low  power,  ease  of  integration,  data  rate,  latency,  etc.  only  by  understanding  the  interrelationships  between  these  different  factors,  can  you  design  innovative  and  successful  products  for  the  rapidly  growing  iot  market  that  make  life  simpler  for  the  users  and  thereby  fulfill  the  promise  of  the  iot.  marcellino  gemelli  received  his  laurea  degree  in  electronic  engineering  from  the  university  of  pavia,  italy  while  in  the  italian  army  and  an  mba  from  mip  polytechnic  university  of  milan.  from  1995  to  2011,  he  held  various  positions  in  engineering  and  product  management
__label__situationalsurveillance at  stmicroelectronics  in  the  fields  of  mems,  electronic  design  automation  and  data  storage.  he  was  contract  professor  for  the  microelectronics  course  at  the  polytechnic  university  of  milan  from  2000  to  2002.  he  is  currently  based  in  palo  alto  ca,  where  he  is  responsible  for  the  business  development  of  bosch  sensortecs  mems  product  portfolio.  contact  the  author  via  email  at  .  semiconductor  supplier  analog  devices  inc.  has  sued  xilinx  for  violating  its  converter  patents.  radiative  sky  cooling  effect  helps  team  harvest  heat  let  off  by  buildings  to  convert  to  electricity  and  light  dell  saw  decline  in  3q  pc  revenues  over  intel
__label__situationalsurveillance the  term  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  has  been  making  waves  in  the  industrial,  commercial,  manufacturing  and  consumer  markets  over  the  past  years  since  the  concept  was  formerly  introduced  in  2012  by  the  the  global  standards  initiative  on  internet  of  things  iotgsi.  coined  as  a  term  for  computing  devices  that  can  perceive  the  world  without  relying  on  humans  for  data  input,  the  internet  of  things  iot  concept  promises  a  world  of  seamlessly  interconnected  devices  communicating  together  to  process  new  insights  and  autonomous  actions.  along  with  the  internet  of  things;  terms  such  as  internet  to  machine,  internet  of  everything  ioe,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance machine  to  machine  m2m  are  also  often  used  to  describe  the  relationships  of  these  interconnected  sensors  and  machines.  with  all  the  terms  being  interchangeably  and  sometimes  misused  it  can  be  hard  to  pinpoint  the  what  it  all  really  means.  essentially  the  underlying  concept  of  behind  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  to  integrate  physical  devices  to  communicate  with  each  other,  be  controlled  remotely  through  the  internet  or  be  programmed  for  autonomous  actions  based  on  predefined  triggers  or  conditions  from  other  connected  devices  such  as  sensors.  although  the  terms  are  relatively  new,  this  way  of  thinking  and  managing  operations  have  been
__label__situationalsurveillance around  much  longer.  the  internet  of  things  iot  could  not  exist  without  smart  sensors;  sensors  provide  the  data  relative  to  the  physical  world  which  allow  machine  systems  to  sense  and  react  to  specific  conditions.  this  data  is  central  to  the  iot  paradigm:  from  primary  sensor  data  directly  related  to  the  physical  world,  to  processed  data  that  adds  insights  to  processes  and  autonomous  control.  enviromon  provides  affordable,  easytouse,  easytoconfigure  iot  sensor  solutions  which  can  be  deployed  to  make  operations  management  and  control  significantly  easier  and  more  convenient  for  operators  and  can  also  offer  significant  financial  advantages  for  businesses  by  reducing  time,
__label__situationalsurveillance labour  and  energy  costs  of  many  manufacturing  and  operations  processes.  for  iot  to  truly  provide  its  full  value,  sensors  and  equipment  need  to  communicate  on  the  same  systems  and  provide  the  ability  to  connect  data  to  action  and  control.  our  base  units  provide  a  centralized  platform  for  operations  and  facility  management  teams  to  monitor  sensor  conditions  and  configure  alerts  based  on  thresholds.  in  addition  to  collecting  environmental  sensor  data,  our  base  units  are  capable  of  integrating  data  from  equipment  such  as  generators,  crac  systems,  ups  power  supplies  and  other  equipment  directly  by  polling  these  snmpenabled  devices  or  using  dry  contact
__label__situationalsurveillance connections  or  indirectly  by  integrating  smart  sensors  to  collect  key  information.  all  information  collected  is  easily  viewed  within  the  web  interface  and  alert  thresholds  can  be  defined  for  any  connected  devices.  the  growing  use  of  smart  technology  is  already  transforming  how  manufacturers,  food  producers,  and  utilities  are  implementing  their  processes  and  controls.  sensors  are  able  to  provide  data  to  automated  systems  that  are  able  to  streamline  processes  using  analytics  and  interconnectivity  to  maximize  efficiency  and  develop  new  processes  that  were  previously  thought  not  to  be  possible.  for  large  and  existing  infrastructure  management  systems  our  base  units  can  be  used  as
__label__situationalsurveillance rtu  devices  onsite  and  to  provide  sensor  data  to  industry  control  systems  and  network  monitoring  software  located  in  a  centralized  location.  enviromon  provides  several  types  of  smart  sensors  for  monitoring  environmental  conditions.  once  connected  to  the  base  unit  sensors  are  automatically  recognized  and  start  collecting  data.  the  sensor  data  can  be  configured  to  be  used  to  trigger  alerts  once  predefined  thresholds  are  met,  or  be  used  to  provide  data  to  additional  equipment.  in  combination  with  our  base  units,  can  beconnected  along  with  motion  detection  sensors  and  door  contact  sensors  to  provide  visual  monitoring  anytime  someone  enters  the  room.  can  be
__label__situationalsurveillance used  to  provide  temperature  and  humidity  data  which  can  then  be  used  to  control  other  integrated  systems  such  as  air  conditioners,  fans,  alerts  or  other  connected  devices.  can  monitor  a  room  for  the  presence  of  airflow  to  ensure  air  is  circulating  properly  or  to  ensure  hvac  or  crac  systems  are  turned  on.  can  monitor  equipment  and  rooms  for  water  leakages  and  alert  key  personnel  to  the  area  of  the  leakage  to  prevent  further  damages  and  flooding.  voltage  sensors  can  be  used  to  detect  the  presence  or  nonpresence  of  electrical  current  which  can  then  be  used  to  control  backup  power  systems,
__label__situationalsurveillance emergency  lighting,  alerts  or  other  connected  devices.  remote  sensor  controlled  relay  switches  can  be  used  to  control  the  electrical  power  to  devices  remotely  over  the  internet  manually  or  in  conjunction  with  predefined  triggers  from  other  sensors  or  equipment.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  begin  mailchimp  signup  form  end  mcembedsignup  monitors  sensors  solutions  company  support  2017  enviromon.net  connect  with  us  on  ,  ,  ,
__label__situationalsurveillance by  weimeng  lee  and  clarence  chng  weimeng  lee  is  a  technologist  and  founder  of  developer  learning  solutions  http://www.learn2develop.net,  a  technology  company  specializing  in  handson  training  on  the  latest  microsoft  technologies.  weimeng  speaks  regularly  at  international  conferences  and  is  the  author  of  asp.net  2.0:  a  developers  notebook  and  visual  basic  2005  jumpstart  both  from  oreilly  media,  inc.  weimeng  is  currently  a  microsoft  device  application  development  mvp.  contact  weimeng  at  weimengleelearn2develop.net.  clarence  is  associate  consultant  at  developer  learning  solutions.  he  plays  an  active  role  in  helping  to  define  the  series  of  iot  courses.  he  also  runs  a  technology  blog  at  http://clarencechng.com,  a
__label__situationalsurveillance website  that  offers  reviews  as  well  as  tips  and  tricks  on  the  latest  hardware  and  software  technologies.  a  mac  enthusiast,  clarence  conducts  training  on  macrelated  technologies,  such  as  keynote,  ibooks  author,  and  imovie.  he  is  also  deeply  involved  with  raspberry  pi,  working  on  wireless  home  automation  projects  such  as  surveillance  camera,  motion  detection,  and  ibeacons.  one  of  the  buzzwords  used  heavily  in  the  it  industry  for  the  past  couple  of  years  is  the  term  iot,  which  stands  for  internet  of  things.  iot  refers  to  all  of  the  things  that  are,  well,  connected  to  the  internet,  and  thats  how  it  got
__label__situationalsurveillance its  name.  however,  iot  isnt  really  a  new  concept,  because  for  as  long  as  we  can  remember,  weve  been  connecting  devices  to  the  internet.  in  this  article,  well  take  a  closer  look  at  iot  and  what  it  means  to  developers.  in  particular,  well  use  the  raspberry  pi  as  an  example,  and  explore  some  of  the  cool  things  that  you  can  build  using  it.  the  term  iot  is  so  overused  that  some  people  in  the  industry  are  renaming  it  to  ioe  internet  of  everything,  because  almost  everything  is  connected  to  the  internet  in  some  way.  according  to  wikipedia,  iot  is  defined
__label__situationalsurveillance to  be:  the  network  of  physical  objectsdevices,  vehicles,  buildings  and  other  itemsembedded  with  electronics,  software,  sensors,  and  network  connectivity  that  enables  these  objects  to  collect  and  exchange  data  .  although  this  is  a  fairly  accurate  description  of  the  roles  played  by  iot  systems,  its  our  opinion  that  iot  is  more  than  the  collection  of  datausing  sensors.  more  specifically,  iot  involves  the  processing  of  the  data  often  big  data  collected  to  derive  useful  information  and  support  better  decisionmaking  see  figure  1  .  for  example,  in  some  countries,  rain  gauges  have  been  installed  to  measure  the  amount  of  rainfall  throughout  the  year,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  the  data  collected  have  been  analyzed  and  used  to  better  manage  flash  floods.  besides  data  collection  and  data  analysis,  the  ability  to  act  on  the  data  collected  instantly  is  also  an  important  criterion  in  deciding  if  a  system  is  an  iot  system.  if  the  data  gathered  by  rain  gauges  installed  in  drains  in  the  previous  example  indicated  that  a  particular  drain  has  an  unusually  high  level,  the  maintenance  crew  is  alerted  and  dispatched  immediately  to  monitor  and  address  the  situation.  another  factor  driving  the  momentous  adoption  of  the  iot  system  is  the  rise  of  the  maker  culture.  the  maker
__label__situationalsurveillance culture  encourages  hobbyists  and  professionals  alike  to  create  their  own  devices  as  well  as  tinker  with  existing  ones  to  find  solutions  to  solve  their  specific  problems.  with  the  maker  movement  comes  a  host  of  diy  electronic  platforms,  such  as  arduino  and  raspberry  pi.  arduino  see  figure  2  is  a  small  and  inexpensive  electronic  board  that  allows  you  to  connect  to  various  external  accessories  such  as  sensors  and  create  applications  to  use  the  data  collected.  another  opensource  hardware  platform  that  has  gotten  very  popular  with  hobbyists  these  days  is  raspberry  pi.  its  really  a  computer,  by  all  definitions.  raspberry  pi  is
__label__situationalsurveillance a  lowcost,  credit  cardsized  computer  that  connects  to  a  computer  monitor  or  tv  using  hdmi,  and  uses  a  standard  keyboard  and  mouse.  it  can  run  a  host  of  operating  systems,  such  as  raspbian  debian  linux,  android,  windows  10,  iot  core,  etc.  raspberry  pi  has  gone  through  a  few  iterations  and  table  1  shows  the  list  of  raspberry  models  released  over  the  years  and  their  prices.  of  the  various  models,  raspberry  pi  3  see  figure  3  and  raspberry  pi  zero  see  figure  4  stand  out.  raspberry  pi  3  is  the  third  generation  of  raspberry  pi  and  it  packs  quite  a  formidable
__label__situationalsurveillance punch  in  its  credit  cardsized  package.  most  notably,  in  addition  to  the  standard  features  of  the  raspberry  pi  such  as  four  usb  2.0  ports  and  builtin  ethernet,  it  has:  the  powerful  cpu  coupled  with  wireless  lan  and  bluetooth  4.1  radio  makes  it  an  ideal  candidate  for  iot  projects,  because  multiple  sensors  can  be  connected  to  it  simultaneously.  in  addition,  the  raspberry  pi  has  a  40pin  gpio  general  purpose  i/o  connector  for  interfacing  with  external  sensors.  the  raspberry  pi  zero  is  the  smallest  raspberry  pi  ever  made,  and  although  it  doesnt  have  a  processor  thats  as  powerful  as  the  pi  3,
__label__situationalsurveillance its  small  size  is  especially  suited  for  embedded  projects  such  as  wearables,  etc.,  where  space  is  a  premium.  one  of  the  most  popular  oss  used  for  the  raspberry  pi  is  the  raspbian  operating  system.  the  raspbian  os  is  based  on  the  debian  os,  optimized  for  the  raspberry  pi  hardware.  the  easiest  way  to  install  the  raspbian  os  for  the  raspberry  pi  is  to  download  noobs  from  .  noobs  stands  for  new  out  of  box  software.  the  easiest  way  to  install  the  raspbian  os  for  the  raspberry  pi  is  to  download  noobs  from:  .  the  raspbian  os  boots  off  a  microsd
__label__situationalsurveillance card  and  the  entire  operating  system  runs  off  the  card.  a  typical  class  4  8gb  microsd  card  is  sufficient  for  most  purposes,  but  you  have  the  option  to  connect  it  to  an  external  hard  disk  or  flash  drive  for  more  storage.  once  the  raspbian  os  is  installed,  you  can  proceed  to  log  into  it  and  see  a  full  windowed  system  see  figure  5  .  the  default  username  is  pi  and  the  password  is  raspberry  .  the  raspberry  pi  has  a  40pin  gpio  general  purpose  input/output  connection,  which  makes  it  very  easy  to  connect  to  the  outside  world.  to  connect  the
__label__situationalsurveillance gpio  to  external  sensors,  you  can:  figure  6  for  project  prototyping,  my  favorite  is  using  the  second  option:  the  adafruit  pi  tcobbler  plus.  the  adafruit  pi  tcobbler  plus  connects  to  the  raspberry  pi  via  a  ribbon  cable  see  figure7  .  one  of  the  advantages  of  using  the  adafruit  pi  tcobbler  plus  is  that  you  have  a  clear  labeling  of  the  various  gpio  pins  see  figure  8  .  the  gpio  pins  on  the  raspberry  pi  are  divided  into  the  following  groups:  power  :  gn  d  :  input/output  pins  i2c  :  sda  scl  uart  :  universal  asynchronous  receiver/transmitter  txd  rxd  spi  :
__label__situationalsurveillance serial  peripheral  interface  mosi  miso  sclk  ce0  ce1  id  eeprom  :  electrically  erasable  programmable  readonly  memory  eed  eec  to  demonstrate  how  to  use  the  gpio  to  connect  to  an  external  sensor,  well  now  use  a  pir  motion  sensor  to  detect  motion.  for  this,  i  used  the  parallax  pir  motion  sensor  see  figure  9  .  the  pir  sensor  detects  motion  by  measuring  changes  in  the  infrared  heat  levels  emitted  by  surrounding  objects  of  up  to  three  meters.  the  parallax  motion  sensor  has  three  pins  see  figure  10  :  gnd  :  the  ground  pin.  connect  this  pin  to  the  gnd  on  the
__label__situationalsurveillance gpio.  vcc  :l  the  voltage  pin.  connect  this  pin  to  one  of  the  5v  pins  on  the  gpio.  out  :  the  output  pin.  connect  this  to  one  of  the  input/output  pins  on  the  gpio.  when  the  pir  motion  sensor  detects  motion,  it  outputs  a  high  signal  on  its  output  pin.  you  need  to  write  an  application  to  read  the  value  of  this  output  pin.  figure  11  shows  a  pir  motion  sensor  connected  to  the  tcobbler  plus.  depending  on  the  pir  motion  sensor  that  youre  using,  the  arrangement  of  the  various  pins  isnt  always  in  the  same  order  as  described.  its
__label__situationalsurveillance important  to  verify  and  connect  the  correct  pins  to  the  correct  gpio  pins.  connecting  the  wrong  pins  to  the  raspberry  pi  can  permanently  damage  the  pir  motion  sensor.  in  the  figure,  the  red  line  is  the  vcc  and  should  be  connected  to  the  5v  pin  on  the  gpio.  the  yellow  line  is  the  output  and  is  connected  to  pin  4  on  the  gpio.  the  black  line  is  the  gnd  and  should  be  connected  to  gnd  on  the  gpio.  now  that  the  raspberry  pi  is  connected  to  the  pir  motion  sensor,  its  time  to  write  the  code  to  make  things  work.
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  raspbian  os,  python  is  a  firstclass  citizen,  and  the  support  for  python  comes  right  out  of  the  box.  with  its  clean  syntax  and  ease  of  learning,  python  is  a  first  choice  for  hobbyists  and  beginners  to  foray  into  the  world  of  the  raspberry  pi.  coupled  with  the  huge  community  support  for  python,  its  no  wonder  that  its  the  language  of  choice  for  developers.  open  a  terminal  window  in  the  raspbian  os  and  create  a  text  file  by  typing  the  following  command:  the  above  command  uses  the  nano  text  editor  and  creates  a  file  named  motiondetection.py.  enter  the  statements
__label__situationalsurveillance as  shown  in  listing  1  .  when  you  are  finished  typing  in  the  code,  exit  the  nano  editor  by  pressing  ctrlx  and  then  pressing  y  to  save  the  file.  press  enter  to  save  it  to  the  current  directory.  to  run  the  python  script,  type  the  following  command  in  terminal:  wave  your  hand  in  front  of  the  pir  motion  sensor.  you  should  see  the  following  output  on  terminal:  now  that  youve  written  your  first  python  code,  its  useful  to  understand  what  it  does  and  how  it  works.  well  dissect  the  code  linebyline:  the  rpi.gpio  is  a  library  that  allows  your  python
__label__situationalsurveillance application  to  easily  access  the  gpio  pins  on  your  raspberry  pi.  1  :  rpi.gpio  as  gpio  2  :  time  3  :  pirsensor  4  :  figure  8  5  :  pinsensor  gpio.puddown  6  :  7  :  8  :  9  :  10  :  gpio.input  true  11  :  false  true  12  :  13  :  when  the  pir  motion  sensor  detects  motion,  its  output  will  be  1  true,  and  a  few  seconds  later,  its  automatically  reset  to  0  false.  now  that  the  pir  motion  sensor  is  sensing  motion,  lets  put  it  to  good  use.  a  good  application  of  this  project  is  to  install  the  raspberry
__label__situationalsurveillance pi  and  the  motion  sensor  at  home  to  monitor  for  unexpected  movement.  you  could  mount  the  sensor  near  your  door  to  detect  movement  outside  the  house  when  theres  no  one  at  home.  once  motion  is  detected,  the  raspberry  pi  could  send  a  push  notification  to  an  android  device  via  the  google  cloud  messaging  gcm.  a  detailed  description  of  android  and  gcm  is  beyond  the  scope  of  this  article,  but  heres  whats  required  for  an  android  app  to  receive  a  push  notification:  api  key  registration  id  figure  12  summarizes  the  interaction  between  the  various  parties  in  a  push  notification  system.  in
__label__situationalsurveillance particular,  it  shows  how  you  can  use  the  raspberry  pi  to  send  push  notifications:  to  send  a  push  message  via  googles  gcm  server,  you  can  use  a  variety  of  programming  languages,  such  as  c,  python,  node.js,  etc.  because  python  is  already  supported  in  raspbian,  its  natural  to  use  it.  open  a  terminal  window  in  the  raspbian  os  and  create  a  text  file  by  typing  the  following  command:  enter  the  statements  as  shown  in  listing  2  .  be  sure  to  replace  the  apikey  with  that  of  your  own  and  the  registrationid  with  that  of  the  registration  id  of  the  android  app
__label__situationalsurveillance installed  on  a  device.  as  usual,  its  useful  to  understand  what  the  code  is  doing:  1:  2  :  3  :  4  :  5  :  6  :  7  :  8  :  9  :  10  :  11  :  json.dumps  12  :  requests.post  13  :  before  you  can  run  the  python  code  to  send  a  push  notification  to  the  android  device,  you  need  to  download  and  install  the  requests  python  library.  to  do  that,  type  the  following  command  in  terminal  :  once  requests  is  installed,  type  the  following  command  to  execute  the  pushgcm.py  script:  if  the  push  message  is  delivered  successfully  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance gcm  server,  you  should  an  output  similar  to  the  following:  to  complete  this  project,  you  need  to  modify  the  motiondetection.py  script  so  that  when  a  motion  is  detected,  the  pushgcm.py  script  is  called  to  send  a  push  notification  to  the  android  application.  listing  3  shows  the  addition.  in  line  1,  you  need  to  import  the  os  module  so  that  when  motion  is  detected  you  can  use  the  os.system  function  in  line  2  to  perform  a  shell  operationspecifically,  to  execute  the  pushgcm.py  script.  in  this  article,  weve  attempted  to  define  what  an  iot  system  is  and  to  illustrate  it  with  a
__label__situationalsurveillance very  simple  and  practical  example:  using  the  raspberry  pi  and  detect  motion  and  triggering  a  push  notification  when  one  is  detected.  we  welcome  your  comments  and  ideas  on  the  iot  systems  that  youve  built.  a  gpio  pins  value  floats  between  0  and  1  if  it  isnt  connected  to  voltage.  this  is  known  as  floating.  in  the  case  of  the  gpio  pin  connected  to  the  output  value  of  the  pir  motion  sensor,  the  gpio  pins  value  is  undefined  before  the  sensor  detects  any  motion.  in  this  case,  you  need  to  use  a  pulldown  resistor  to  always  pulldown  gpio.puddown  the  value  to
__label__situationalsurveillance 0,  so  that  you  can  be  sure  that  the  only  time  the  pin  value  changes  to  1  is  when  the  sensor  detects  motion.  likewise,  you  can  also  configure  a  gpio  pin  using  the  pullup  resistor  gpio.pudup.  instead  of  setting  a  pin  value  to  always  0,  a  pullup  resistor  pullsup  the  value  to  1.  this  is  useful  in  cases  where  some  sensors  such  as  push  buttons  set  the  gpio  pin  to  0  when  triggered  e.g.,  the  button  is  pushed.  google  cloud  messaging  gcm  allows  an  android  application  to  receive  push  notification  from  an  application  developer  even  if  the  application  isnt  running.
__label__situationalsurveillance to  learn  more  about  gcm,  head  to  for  a  detailed  description  on  how  you  can  enable  your  android  apps  to  use  gcm  to  receive  push  notifications.  weimeng  lee  is  a  technologist  and  founder  of  developer  learning  solutions  http://www.learn2develop.net,  a  technology  company  specializing  in  handson  training  on  the  latest  microsoft  technologies.  weimeng  speaks  regularly  at  international  conferences  and  is  the  author  of  asp.net  2.0:  a  developers  notebook  and  visual  basic  2005  jumpstart  both  from  oreilly  media,  inc.  weimeng  is  currently  a  microsoft  device  application  development  mvp.  contact  weimeng  at  weimengleelearn2develop.net.  clarence  is  associate  consultant  at  developer  learning  solutions.  he  plays  an
__label__situationalsurveillance active  role  in  helping  to  define  the  series  of  iot  courses.  he  also  runs  a  technology  blog  at  http://clarencechng.com,  a  website  that  offers  reviews  as  well  as  tips  and  tricks  on  the  latest  hardware  and  software  technologies.  a  mac  enthusiast,  clarence  conducts  training  on  macrelated  technologies,  such  as  keynote,  ibooks  author,  and  imovie.  he  is  also  deeply  involved  with  raspberry  pi,  working  on  wireless  home  automation  projects  such  as  surveillance  camera,  motion  detection,  and  ibeacons.  get  help  from  the  experts  at  code  magazine  sign  up  for  our  free  hour  of  consulting  contact  code  consulting  at  .
__label__situationalsurveillance by  category  the  age  of  sensor  technology  is  upon  us.  these  days,  its  unusual  to  experience  an  electronic  consumer  product  that  doesnt  use  sensors  to  create  new  experiences  for  its  users.  sensors  are  experiencing  a  renaissance  of  sorts  as  microelectromechanical  systems  mems  technology  becomes  less  expensive  and  further  miniaturized,  in  turn  fueling  penetration  of  sensors  into  new  applications  and  creating  new  potential  for  the  sensor  market.  sensors  are  now  found  in  a  wide  variety  of  applications,  such  as  smart  mobile  devices,  automotive  systems,  industrial  control,  healthcare,  oil  exploration  and  climate  monitoring.  sensors  are  used  almost  everywhere,  and  now  sensor  technology
__label__situationalsurveillance is  beginning  to  closely  mimic  the  ultimate  sensing  machine...  the  human  being.  the  technology  that  allows  this  to  happen  is  sensor  fusion,  which  leverages  a  microcontroller  a  brain  to  fuse  the  individual  data  collected  from  multiple  sensors  to  get  a  more  accurate  and  reliable  view  of  the  data  than  one  would  get  by  using  the  data  from  each  discrete  sensor  on  its  own.  sensor  fusion  creates  a  situation  in  which  the  whole  is  much  greater  than  the  sum  of  its  parts.  sensor  fusion  enables  context  awareness,  which  has  huge  potential  for  the  internet  of  things  iot.  advances  in  sensor  fusion
__label__situationalsurveillance for  remote  emotive  computing  emotion  sensing  and  processing  could  also  lead  to  exciting  new  applications  in  the  future,  including  smart  healthcare.  however,  these  capabilities  spark  significant  privacy  concerns  that  iot  governance  will  need  to  address.  massive  amounts  of  contextaware  data  will  become  available  as  use  of  sensor  fusion  and  rec  technologies  increases.  this  data,  along  with  the  iots  access  to  the  global  neural  network  in  the  sky  and  cloudbased  processing  resources,  will  lead  to  a  tremendous  expansion  in  the  delivery  of  contextaware  services  customized  for  any  given  situation.  services  could  be  based  on  the  context  of  what  an  individual  user
__label__situationalsurveillance is  doing,  what  machines  are  doing,  what  the  infrastructure  is  doing,  what  nature  is  doing,  or  all  of  the  above  in  various  combinations.  to  understand  how  sensor  fusion  works,  lets  take  a  look  at  how  sensing  works  in  the  human  body.  a  human  being  experiences  the  external  environment  in  many  ways.  vision,  hearing,  chemical  sensation  senses  of  smell  and  taste  and  surface  sensation  sense  of  touch  all  provide  sensory  information  about  ones  surroundings,  which  travels  through  the  peripheral  nervous  system  pns  to  the  brain.  the  brain  then  decides  how  to  respond  to  a  given  condition  or  experience.  the  pns  doesnt
__label__situationalsurveillance make  complex  decisions  about  the  information  it  transports;  these  decisions  are  made  by  the  brain.  in  response  to  sensory  input,  the  brain  sends  out  motor  information  a  human  beings  response  to  the  input.  for  example,  a  pedestrian  sees  a  car  driving  toward  him,  and  his  brain  tells  his  muscles  to  walk  faster  to  the  other  side  of  the  road  to  avoid  an  accident.  human  beings  also  receive  information  from  their  internal  organs,  some  of  which  is  noticeable,  such  as  a  stomach  ache.  there  are  also  other  kinds  of  internal  information  a  person  isnt  aware  of,  such  as  blood  pressure,  that
__label__situationalsurveillance are  used  to  regulate  the  bodys  internal  environment.  the  brain  is  the  ultimate  decision  maker.  however,  without  the  peripheral  nervous  systems  ability  to  bring  in  sensory  information  and  send  out  motor  information,  one  would  not  be  able  to  walk,  talk  or  do  many  of  the  other  functions  we  often  take  for  granted.  the  brain  often  uses  several  sources  of  sensory  input  to  validate  an  event  and  compensate  for  a  lack  of  complete  information  to  make  a  decision.  for  example,  a  person  may  not  see  flames  under  the  hood  of  a  car,  but  the  smell  of  burning  rubber  and  heat  coming
__label__situationalsurveillance from  the  dash  would  tell  the  brain  its  time  to  leave  the  car  because  the  engine  is  on  fire.  in  this  case,  the  information  causing  the  brain  to  react  is  greater  than  the  sum  of  the  disparate  sensory  inputs.  in  the  world  of  technology,  sensor  fusion  plays  a  similar  role.  by  integrating  inputs  from  multiple  sensors  for  more  accurate  and  reliable  sensing,  sensor  fusion  can  produce  much  higher  levels  of  recognition  and  offer  new  responses.  individual  sensors  have  inherent  limitations  and  can  err,  which  can  be  corrected  or  compensated  for  by  complementary  sensing  nodes.  for  instance,  gyroscopes  suffer  from  offset
__label__situationalsurveillance drifts  over  time,  which  can  be  compensated  for  using  a  companion  accelerometer.  the  conclusion  is  that  fused  sensor  information  from  multiple  sensors  is  more  accurate  and  reliable  than  individual  sensor  data.  lets  take  a  look  at  a  simple  example  of  the  pedometer.  traditional  pedometers  used  a  pendulum  and  had  to  be  worn  at  the  hip  at  a  vertical  angle  to  avoid  false  readings.  as  the  user  walked,  the  pedometer  counted  each  step  by  keeping  track  of  the  pendulum  swinging  back  and  forth  with  the  hip  motion  and  hitting  a  counter  each  time.  however,  false  readings  were  common  due  to  variations
__label__situationalsurveillance in  stride,  the  angle  of  climb/walk  or  incorrectly  counting  steps  when  a  user  was  driving  a  car  or  making  other  motions.  memsbased  inertial  sensors  led  to  big  improvements.  the  first  generation  of  memsbased  pedometers  used  accelerometers  that  performed  1,  2  or  3axis  3d  detection  of  a  persons  acceleration,  more  accurately  measuring  step  counts.  and,  unlike  the  oldfashioned  mechanical  pedometers  that  simply  recorded  a  step  with  every  swing,  an  accelerometer  measured  a  persons  movements  many  times  every  second.  but,  what  if  you  wanted  to  not  only  count  the  number  of  steps,  but  also  accurately  calculate  calories  burned  when  moving  up  and
__label__situationalsurveillance down  stairs  or  hills?  the  next  generation  of  pedometers  added  altimeters  to  measure  and  account  for  the  changes  in  the  altitude  of  an  object  above  a  fixed  reference  point  elevation  while  a  person  is  walking.  altimeter  technology  senses  absolute  air  pressure  in  altimeter  or  barometer  bap  applications.  accurate  pressure  readings  also  require  temperature  measurement,  so  some  kind  of  temperature  compensation  circuitry  is  typically  added  for  accuracy.  following  the  success  of  early  portable  music  players  that  hung  on  a  joggers  arm,  today  there  are  many  standalone  pedometers  and  cell  phones  with  pedometer  functionality  that  are  designed  to  be  worn  on  the
__label__situationalsurveillance arm  as  opposed  to  hanging  on  a  belt  at  the  hip.  with  this  use  case,  the  arm  motion  introduces  parasitic  movement.  a  gyroscope  can  measure  the  rotational  movement  of  the  arm  and  compensate  for  it.  the  combination  of  three  types  of  sensors  accelerometer,  altimeter  and  gyroscope  with  an  mcu  to  measure  and  process  the  readings  results  in  a  highly  accurate  pedometer.  the  most  basic  sensor  fusion  example  is  an  ecompass,  in  which  the  combination  of  a  3d  magnetometer  and  3d  accelerometer  provides  compass  functionality.  more  complex  sensor  fusion  technologies  give  users  an  enhanced  experience,  leveraging  and  combining  3d  accelerometers,  3d
__label__situationalsurveillance gyroscopes  and  3d  magnetometers  which  measure  the  components  of  the  magnetic  field  in  a  particular  direction,  relative  to  the  spatial  orientation  of  a  given  device.  each  of  these  sensor  types  provides  unique  functionality,  but  also  has  limitations:  when  combining  all  of  these  technologies,  sensor  fusion  takes  the  simultaneous  input  from  the  multiple  sensors,  processes  the  input  and  creates  an  output  that  is  greater  than  the  sum  of  its  parts  i.e.,  by  using  special  algorithms  and  filtering  techniques,  sensor  fusion  eliminates  the  deficiencies  of  each  individual  sensor  similarly  to  how  the  human  body  functions,  as  described  above.  sensor  fusion  provides  a
__label__situationalsurveillance whole  host  of  capabilities  that  can  make  our  lives  easier  and  enables  a  variety  of  services  that  can  leverage  these  capabilities.  one  of  the  issues  facing  the  sensor  industry  today  is  lack  of  standardization  across  various  operating  systems  oss.  today,  most  os  drivers  ask  for  the  most  basic  sensor  data,  which  limits  the  use  of  the  full  capabilities  of  the  sensors.  sensor  fusion  is  a  part  of  microsoft  strategy,  so  the  windows  8  os  supports  sensors  in  a  cohesive  manner,  using  sensorclass  drivers  based  on  industry  standards  developed  in  collaboration  with  microsofts  ecosystem  partners  human  interface  device  specification  2011.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance windows  runtime  programming  module  allows  for  lightweight  executive  calls  that  enable  sensor  processing  at  the  hardware  level.  sensor  fusion  often  refers  to  a  combination  of  a  3d  accelerometer,  a  3d  gyroscope  and  a  3d  magnetometer.  this  configuration  is  called  a  nineaxis  system,  which  affords  the  user  nine  degrees  of  freedom  9dof.  in  2012,  freescale  introduced  a  12axis  xtrinsic  sensor  platform  for  windows  8  that  offers  a  12dof  sensor  fusion  solution.  this  is  accomplished  by  including  a  barometer  sensor,  a  thermometer  sensor  and  ambient  light  sensing  functionality.  this  comprehensive  hardware  and  software  solution  fuses  accelerometer,  magnetometer  and  gyroscope  data  using  a
__label__situationalsurveillance freescale  32bit  mcu  the  brain  of  the  operation  and  provides  ease  of  integration  for  streamlined  development.  targeted  for  use  in  tablets,  slates,  laptops  and  other  mobile  devices,  microsofts  windows  8  os  expands  capabilities  for  running  smartphone  and  tablet  applications  with  the  computing  power  of  a  personal  computer.  freescale  was  one  of  the  first  companies  to  receive  windows  8  certification  from  microsoft  for  its  sensor  fusion  platform.  basic  sensor  fusion  processing  requires  1012  mips.  for  a  9dof  sensor  fusion,  the  requirement  can  easily  reach  1820  mips  of  processing  cycle.  there  are  variousapproaches  to  meeting  these  processing  needs  with  pros  and  cons
__label__situationalsurveillance for  each,  including  adding  a  dedicated  coprocessor  for  sensor  processing  or  using  a  robust  mcu  with  enough  performance  headroom  to  allow  the  addition  of  new  functionality  over  time.  if  an  mcu  was  already  needed  to  perform  embedded  processing  for  an  iot  application,  then  the  mcu  option  would  be  advantageous,  as  it  would  kill  two  birds  with  one  stone.  freescale  is  doing  research  regarding  the  use  of  sensors  in  medical  electronics  and  multisensor  processing  for  nonmedical  applications.  dr.  jos  fernndez  villaseor  is  a  medical  doctor  and  electrical  engineer  combining  his  work  as  a  freescale  medical  product  marketer  and  a  hospital  physician
__label__situationalsurveillance in  his  study  of  the  field  of  emotion  analysis  using  sensors  a  large  building  block  of  rec  technology.  research  shows  that  heart  rate  increases  due  to  physical  activities  have  a  different  pattern  and  slope  than  increases  due  to  adrenalin  from  excitation.  hence,  one  can  use  algorithms  and  analyze  sensor  data  to  electronically  detect  the  types  of  emotion  a  person  is  displaying.  heres  an  example  of  a  gaming  platform  that  can  detect  emotions  electronically  by  monitoring  and  data  acquisition  from  physiological  variables  and  states,  such  as:  using  the  sensor  data  collected,  an  mcu  in  the  game  platform  could,  for  example,  detect
__label__situationalsurveillance emotions  and  give  the  gamer  feedback  during  game  situations  to  make  the  game  more  exciting.  how  about  making  turns  faster  and  more  difficult  to  maneuver  in  a  driving  game  until  the  gamer  shows  a  more  relaxed  state  a  less  jerky  reading  from  the  accelerometer?  hence,  the  calm  driver  with  better  command  over  his/her  emotions  will  have  a  better  score  similar  to  real  life.  this  would  be  considered  local  emotive  computing  if  the  local  consoles  mcu  provided  the  processing  function  or  remote  emotive  computing  if  a  cloudbased  system  provided  the  processing  function.  in  a  cloudbased  system,  sophisticated  big  data  algorithms  can
__label__situationalsurveillance be  leveraged  to  provide  a  more  elaborate  response  to  the  gaming  scenario.  in  another  example,  sensors  could  be  used  to  detect  emotion  by  measuring  the  way  a  user  holds  a  cell  phone  to  type  or  make  a  call.  furthermore,  software  algorithms  could  be  used  to  provide  additional  context  as  to  the  state  of  mind  of  the  individual  by  analyzing  the  way  the  person  texts,  how  jerky  the  phone  movement  is  or  how  many  mistakes  are  made  while  typing  use  of  backspace  key.  as  discussed  in  the  white  paper  what  the  internet  of  things  needs  to  become  a  reality,  the  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance encompasses  many  use  cases  from  connected  homes  and  cities  to  connected  cars  and  roads  to  devices  that  track  an  individuals  behavior  and  use  the  data  collected  for  push  services.  the  iot  is  a  sort  of  universal  global  neural  network  in  the  sky  that  will  touch  every  aspect  of  our  lives.  from  a  technology  perspective,  the  iot  is  being  defined  as  smart  machines  interacting  and  communicating  with  other  machines,  objects,  environments  and  infrastructures,  resulting  in  volumes  of  data  generated  and  processing  of  that  data  into  useful  actions  that  can  command  and  control  things  and  make  life  much  easier  for  human  beings.
__label__situationalsurveillance requirements  common  to  all  iot  use  cases  include:  the  types  of  sensing  nodes  needed  for  the  iot  vary  widely,  depending  on  the  applications  involved.  sensing  nodes  could  include  a  camera  system  for  image  monitoring,  water  or  gas  flow  meters  for  smart  energy,  radar  vision  when  active  safety  is  needed,  rfid  readers  sensing  the  presence  of  an  object  or  person,  doors  and  locks  with  open/close  circuits  that  indicate  a  building  intrusion  or  a  simple  thermometer  measuring  temperature.  who  could  forget  the  heatseeking  mechanical  bugs  that  kept  track  of  the  population  of  a  building  in  the  movie  minority  report?  those  mechanical  bugs
__label__situationalsurveillance represent  potential  sensing  nodes  of  the  future.  i  assume  theyll  be  used  for  fighting  crime.  these  nodes  all  will  carry  a  unique  id  and  can  be  controlled  separately  via  a  remote  command  and  control  topology.  use  cases  exist  today  in  which  a  smartphone  with  rfid  and/or  near  field  communication  nfc  and  gps  functionality  can  approach  individual  rfid/nfcenabled  things  in  a  building,  communicate  with  them  and  register  their  physical  locations  on  the  network.  hence,  rfid  and  nfc  will  have  a  place  in  remote  registration,  and,  ultimately,  command  and  control  of  the  iot.  the  addition  of  sensor  fusion  platforms  and  remote  emotive
__label__situationalsurveillance computing  dramatically  increases  the  capability  of  the  sensing  nodes  in  the  iot.  if  we  convert  the  building  blocks  of  the  iot  from  simple  nodes  to  a  box/productlevel  view,  we  end  up  with  sensing/edge  nodes  that  use  pan/ban/lan  types  of  communications  topologies,  connected  to  gateways  with  different  levels  of  hierarchy.  these  gateways,  in  turn,  communicate  to  the  cloud  via  wan  communication  technology.  once  connected  to  the  cloud  through  an  access  network,  data  will  be  routed  through  a  server  for  application/action,  as  well  as  big  data  analysis.  sensor  fusion,  along  with  embedded  processing  and  connectivity,  enables  context  awareness,  and  context  awareness  enables
__label__situationalsurveillance a  new  world  of  services.  context  is  defined  as  the  circumstances  or  facts  that  form  the  setting  for  an  event,  statement,  situation  or  idea.  in  software  programming,  the  idea  of  developing  contextaware  applications  has  been  around  for  awhile.  contextaware  apps  examine  who,  where,  when  and  what,  and  the  software  designer  uses  this  contextual  information  to  determine  why  a  situation  is  happening  and  then  encodes  some  action  in  the  application.  based  on  this  definition,  the  four  most  important  categories  of  information  to  formulate  a  contextaware  action  are:  in  using  contextual  information  to  formulate  a  deterministic  action,  context  interfaces  occur  within  and
__label__situationalsurveillance in  between  first  a  human  being,  then  the  environment  and,  lastly,  machine  and  infrastructure  elements.  the  same  way  that  a  canvas,  a  collection  of  paint  tubes  and  a  brush  allow  an  artist  to  create  a  masterpiece,  context  awareness  and  these  interfaces  are  the  tools  for  enabling  a  variety  of  services  that  otherwise  would  not  be  meaningful.  this  is  where  incremental  improvements  in  technology  can  lead  to  the  whole  being  much  greater  than  the  sum  of  its  parts.  nothing  detects  and  provides  the  readout  of  human  beings  emotions  the  way  sensors  do.  sensors  provide  access  to  the  human  mindset,  making  an
__label__situationalsurveillance experience  more  personal.  the  interactions  and  interfaces  between  human  being,  nature  and  environment  and  machine/infrastructure  provide  valuable  data  points  for  determining  context  awareness,  including:  in  the  iot,  after  inputs  are  collected  by  the  sensing  nodes,  an  embedded  processing  node  processes  the  contextaware  data  and  either  provides  feedback  for  immediate  action  or  passes  it  on  for  cloud/networkbased  processing.  in  the  latter  scenario,  various  connectivity  mechanisms  are  needed  to  get  the  data  to  the  core  network.  for  example,  within  this  context,  a  cellular  phone  or  a  connected  tablet  becomes  a  gateway  to  connect  to  a  wide  area  network  wan.  imagine  a  situation
__label__situationalsurveillance in  which  a  sensor  fusion  platform  is  used,  leveraging  local  embedded  processing  as  well  as  cloudbased  software  techniques  such  as  pattern  recognition  and  machine  learning  used  in  internet  searches  and  online  advertising  to  remotely  monitor  a  variety  of  conditions  and  provide  completely  new  classes  of  services  and  all  of  this  is  done  automatically  by  a  cloudbased  command  and  control  center  without  any  human  interaction  needed.  the  variety  of  these  services  is  only  limited  by  ones  imagination,  and  scenarios  could  include:  i  recently  spent  a  few  days  at  a  local  childrens  hospital,  and  couldnt  help  but  wonder  how  the  system  could
__label__situationalsurveillance be  improved.  for  most  part,  no  major  technological  breakthroughs  are  required  at  a  device  level  to  make  any  of  these  scenarios  happen,  and  there  is  already  a  great  deal  of  attention  being  given  to  the  use  of  big  data  processing,  analytical  tools  and  mechanisms  to  generate  those  types  of  services.  only  incremental  improvements  are  needed  to  bring  the  ecosystem  of  technologies  and  players  together,  setting  the  rules  of  the  game,  and  moving  away  from  little  silo  clouds  to  that  global  neural  network  in  the  sky.  the  information  collected  by  sensors  can  be  used  for  services  that  benefit  and  simplify  peoples
__label__situationalsurveillance lives,  or  it  can  be  used  for  data  mining  and  other  use  cases  that  raise  security  and  privacy  concerns  hence,  the  iot  dilemma.  with  sensor  fusion  and  rec  technologies,  even  more  capabilities  can  be  added  to  the  mix.  just  as  the  internet  phenomenon  happened  not  so  long  ago  and  caught  like  a  wildfire,  the  iot  will  touch  every  aspect  of  our  lives  in  less  than  a  decade,  with  sensor  fusion  having  a  front  row  seat  for  the  phenomenon.  are  you  ready  for  it?  log  in  below  to  leave  a  comment.  copyright  2019  mouser  electronics,  inc.  a  tti  and  berkshire  hathaway
__label__situationalsurveillance company.  mouser  and  mouser  electronics  are  trademarks  of  mouser  electronics,  inc.  all  other  trademarks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  corporate  headquarters  and  logistics  center  in  mansfield,  texas  usa.  copyright  2019  mouser  electronics,  inc.  a  tti  and  berkshire  hathaway  company.  mouser  and  mouser  electronics  are  trademarks  of  mouser  electronics,  inc.  all  other  trademarks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  corporate  headquarters  and  logistics  center  in  mansfield,  texas  usa.
__label__situationalsurveillance december  15,  2016  written  by:  categorized:  share  this  post:  dont  let  your  wallet  leak  money  when  your  home  leaks  water.  did  you  know  that  property  damage,  including  theft  accounts  for  ?  property  damage  can  disrupt  your  life  through  the  forces  of  fire  and  lightning,  wind  and  hail,  or  extreme  weather  events  like  hurricanes  and  tornadoes,  or  it  can  be  water  leaks  and  freezing  damage,  or  even  theft.  the  good  news  is  that  with  the  internet  of  things,  smart  home  sensors,  and  the  help  of  insurance  providers,  you  can  help  protect  yourself,  your  home,  and  your  family  from  experiencing  too  much
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  hardship  associated  with  home  and  property  damage.  here  is  a  rundown  of  8  sensors  that  you  can  deploy  in  your  home  to  help  ensure  you  are  safe  from  the  storm.  fire  is  far  and  away  the  number  one  cause  of  property  damage.  for  years  the  humble  fire  detector  has  been  beeping  away  at  the  first  sign  of  smoke  in  the  home,  but  there  are  several  types  of  pollutants  that  can  threaten  our  home  environment  and  air  quality,  all  which  could  lead  to  property  damage  and  harm  to  the  people  inside.  a  carbon  monoxide  detector  measures  levels  of  co
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  air  and  will  warn  people  if  levels  are  dangerous.  since  co  is  odorless  and  undetectable  without  assistance,  a  detector  can  be  a  life  saver,  especially  when  it  is  connected  to  an  emergency  monitoring  service.  some  new  sensors  not  only  detect  both  smoke  and  co,  but  also  can  monitor  the  overall  air  quality  in  your  home  and  watch  for  pollutants  like  dust,  soot,pollen,  temperature,  humidity,  air  staleness,  pollution,  and  particulates.  even  more  attractive  are  the  discounts  that  insurance  companies  offer  when  you  use  these  sensors.  check  out  this  .  water  and  freezing  damage  is  the  2  leading  cause  of
__label__situationalsurveillance home  insurance  claims.  no  one  wants  to  get  the  dreaded  call  informing  you  that  your  house  has  water  pouring  out  of  it  and  water  is  leaking  into  the  unit  just  below  you.  a  water  line  to  your  icemaker  broke  and  water  has  been  running  nonstop  for  24  hours.  this  is  an  expensive  accident.  a  moisture  detection  sensor  can  give  you  a  heads  up  if  your  home  is  at  risk  due  to  freezing  pipes,  or  even  a  broken  waterline.  these  sensors  alert  you  to  leaks  in  your  home  so  can  fix  the  problem  immediately  and  not  after  the  damage  has  been
__label__situationalsurveillance done.  the  sensor  can  be  placed  around  water  heaters,  dishwashers,  refrigerators,  sinks,  sump  pumps  and  anything  at  risk  for  water  leakage.  if  the  sensor  detects  unwanted  water  a  notification  is  sent  to  you,  so  you  can  hurry  home  to  check  out  the  problem.  here  is  you  can  check  out.  door  and  window  sensors  let  you  know  when  people  are  entering  and  leaving  your  house  and  can  even  turn  lights  on  and  off  as  doors  are  opened  and  closed.  door  and  window  sensors  are  your  first  line  of  defense  for  home  breakins;  some  sensors  even  detect  when  a  window  is  broken
__label__situationalsurveillance by  an  intruder.  these  sensors  alert  you  to  potential  intruders,  not  to  mention  a  deviant  teenager.  once  again,  the  wireless  technology  allows  you  to  receive  notifications  straight  to  your  phone  or  tablet  and  allows  you  to  quickly  call  for  help  if  needed.  the  video  doorbell  is  also  a  theft  deterrent  sensor.  this  cool  device  allows  you  to  see  who  is  at  your  door  from  your  smart  phone.  whether  you  are  inside  alone  and  want  to  screen  who  is  at  the  door,  or  if  you  are  at  work  and  someone  is  at  your  house.  you  will  know.  couple  this  with  the
__label__situationalsurveillance door  open/close  sensor  and  thieves  will  avoid  your  house  and  stay  away  from  the  trouble  of  breaking  in  is  one  of  the  original  video  doorbells  on  the  market,  but  there  are  several  good  options  now.  the  smart  thermostat  gives  you  control  over  the  heating  and  cooling  in  your  home  from  any  location.  not  only  are  smart  thermostats  cool,  but  theyll  also  help  you  save  money  by  monitoring  the  temperature  and  humidity  inside  and  outside  of  your  home.  when  you  are  in  and  out  of  your  house,  the  temperature  of  your  house  also  changes  and  a  smart  thermostat  can  adjust  the
__label__situationalsurveillance temperature  based  on  your  behavior  and  room  usage.  the  best  thermostats  adjust  the  temperature  on  a  room  by  room  basis  allowing  you  to  maintain  your  ideal  temperature  when  you  are  in  the  room  and  can  default  to  an  energy  saving  mode  when  no  one  is  in  the  room.  applying  cognitive  technology  to  these  sensors  is  paving  way  for  a  home  that  thinks  and  knows  you  and  your  temperature  preferences.  there  are  some  on  the  best  smart  thermostats  on  the  market.  a  motion  sensor  does  what  you  think  it  does  it  detects  motion  and  movement  in  an  area.  these  sensors  stand
__label__situationalsurveillance guard  when  you  are  not  home;  they  can  alert  you  if  there  is  movement  within  your  home,  or  if  your  doors  or  windows  have  been  opened  or  closed.  motion  sensors  become  an  extra  pair  of  eyes  for  you,  alerting  you  to  unwanted  activity  in  your  home  such  as  a  teen  sneaking  out  or  in,  or  if  a  child  enters  a  restricted  area  in  the  home  such  as  a  medicine  cabinet.  motion  sensors  are  also  great  for  helping  to  save  energy.  these  sensors  can  be  connected  to  lighting  or  the  thermostat  to  help  control  the  energy  usage  in  a  room  based
__label__situationalsurveillance on  the  occupancy  of  the  room  e.g.  it  will  turn  the  lights  out  if  no  one  is  in  the  room  or  adjust  to  an  energy  efficient  temperature  when  the  room  is  unoccupied.  motion  sensors  can  also  be  connected  to  video,  so  not  only  do  you  get  a  notification  that  a  sensor  has  been  tripped,  but  the  sensor  can  activate  video  recording  to  capture  footage  of  the  intrusion.  a  multisensor  combines  several  sensors  into  one  device.  some  of  the  combined  capabilities  include  motion,  temperature,  light,  humidity,  vibration,  and  uv.  not  all  motion  sensor  are  created  equal.  here  is  a  quick  run
__label__situationalsurveillance down  of  the  different  types  of  motion  sensors  you  can  use:  you  can  read  more  than  you  ever  wanted  to  know  about  vibration  technology  on  .  the  wifi  connected  smart  garage  door  give  you  some  extra  piece  of  mind.  the  concept  is  simple,  but  can  be  powerful  never  wonder  if  you  left  the  garage  door  open.  you  can  open  and  shut  your  garage  door  from  your  phone,  from  any  location.  you  have  installed  sensors  to  create  your  smart  home,  and  now  you  need  to  manage  everything  from  one  location.  the  smart  home  hub  and  intercom  system  allows  you  access  to
__label__situationalsurveillance all  of  your  smart  home  sensors,  a  communication  system  across  the  home  and  allows  you  to  call  for  services  emergency  or  repair  at  the  tap  of  a  button.  with  an  intercom  system  you  can  see  through  the  walls  and  have  video  and  voice  conversation  between  rooms  in  the  house.  you  can  also  use  your  smart  phone  to  call  a  room  in  the  house  while  you  are  away  at  work  this  could  be  handy  for  checking  in  on  an  aging  parent  while  you  are  away.  as  you  can  see,  there  are  several  sensors  on  the  market  that  can  help  you  create
__label__situationalsurveillance a  safe,  smart  home  that  is  protected  even  when  you  are  not  there.  this  adoption  of  this  type  of  technology  is  quickly  catching  on  and  is  even  becoming  an  insurance  incentive.  insurance  companies  want  you  and  your  home  to  be  safe  and  many  are  beginning  to  offer  services  to  help  you  along  with  making  your  home  intelligent,  proactive  in  protecting  you  and  your  wallet.  read  more  by  by  by  given  that  the  cost  of  space  is  usually  an  organizations  second  largest  expense,  understanding  true  usage  can  identify  potential  ways  to  reduce  cost  and  improve  optimization.  as  independent  research  firm  verdantix
__label__situationalsurveillance found,  90  of  organizations  rate  space  efficiency  as  a  medium  to  high  cost  savings  opportunity.  in  this  blog,  well  discuss  why  now  is  the  perfect  time  to  consider  an  intelligent  real  estate  and  facilities  management  solution  to  better  understand  and  optimize  your  space.  the  ibm  tririga  reporting  offering  puts  control  in  the  hands  of  the  person  analyzing  the  data  and  acting  on  the  insights,  allowing  them  to  customize  reports  to  suit  todays  needs,  make  better  real  time  decisions,  and  to  easily  share  the  analysis  with  teams  and  stakeholders.  with  our  integrated  workplace  management  system  iwms,  ibm  gives  our  clients  a
__label__situationalsurveillance way  to  more  intelligently  understand  space  and  facility  utilization.  and  our  newest  enhancements  to  ibm  tririga  let  you  know  if  your  space  is  being  used  to  its  fullest  or  whether  its  time  to  consolidate,  expand  or  reconfigure.
__label__situationalsurveillance 14,830  20  4  welcome  to  the  iot  device  2  this  becomes  a  part  of  the  building  security  use  case.  this  use  case  is  valued  at  210  billion  by  2020.  enough  for  all  players  small  and  big.  this  instructable  will  help  you  to  use  produce  and  install  smart  motion  detector  for  commercial  and  home  use  cases.  the  theme  it  revolves  around  is  security  of  a  building  or  home  or  a  restricted  area.  this  iot  device  picks  up  a  couple  of  notches  with  casing  and  the  complexity  of  the  code.  the  device  will  detect  any  motion  within  a  specific  range  using  a
__label__situationalsurveillance pir  sensor  and  will  do  two  things  1  turn  on  a  device  using  a  relay  in  our  example  it  is  a  light  for  about  30  sec.  2  simultaneously  send  a  email  to  the  user,  using  the  iot  carriots  platform  over  wifi.  the  relay  can  be  connected  to  any  device  light,  alarm,  camera,  security  system  ...  the  triggering  even  can  be  sms,  calling  authorities  ,  calling  another  services  ...  i  have  built  an  enabler  course  for  you  to  build  iot  products  from  scratch  and  take  it  to  market,  i  will  take  you  through  arduino,  nodemcu,  nano,  esp8266,  sensors,  displays,  shields,  keypads,
__label__situationalsurveillance software,  coding,  designing,  talking  to  internet,  protocols,  iot  platforms,  casing,  manufacturing,  raising  capital,  selling,  coaching  and  more.  we  will  learn  all  this  and  make  3  products  in  the  course  from  different  verticals,  ya  you  will  get  to  see  the  entire  creating  process  of  a  product  from  design  to  casing.  for  a  limited  time,  you  can  take  this  course  just  for  12,  that  is  96  off,  it  is  practically  for  free  guys  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  nodemcu  lua  wifi  internet  of  things  development
__label__situationalsurveillance board  based  on  esp8266  1  mcu  and  wifi  capability  motion  detector  shield  1  1  relay  module  with  opto  isolation  supports  high  and  low  trigger  5v  1  12v1a  5v1a  fully  isolated  switching  power  supply  /  acdc  modules  /  220v  switch  12v  5v  loselose  c4b1  1  generic  pcb  with  bus  lines  1  casing  1  soldering  kit  insulation  tape  1  for  india  please  contact  me  for  a  course  kit.  it  has  all  the  parts  and  accessories  exactly  as  i  have  used  which  will  help  you  to  follow  the  course,  test  your  knowledge  by  creating  products.  we  will  use  fritzing  to  create  the  circuit
__label__situationalsurveillance diagram  nodemcuesp8266  dev  kit  d1  ini  of  the  relay  nodemcuesp8266  dev  kit  d2  digital  out  pir  sensor  nodemcu  esp8266  dev  kit  vcc  vcc  of  the  battery  pack  nodemcu  esp8266  dev  kit  gnd  gnd  of  the  battery  pack  relay  vcc  vcc  of  the  battery  pack  relay  gnd  gnd  of  the  battery  pack  pir  sensor  vcc  vcc  of  the  battery  pack  pir  sensor  gnd  gnd  of  the  battery  pack  run  one  of  the  cables  of  the  device  light  through  the  nonormally  open  and  the  c  common  terminal  of  the  relay.  if  you  are  using  a  permanent  power  supply,  then  you  will  need
__label__situationalsurveillance a  power  convertor,  like  i  use  in  the  actual  project  please  check  the  course.  you  will  have  to  connect  the  power  connection220/110  to  the  power  convertor,  which  will  give  out  5v  or  10v,  each  will  have  and  use  these  as  your  vcc  and  gnd  respectively.  pcb  is  a  technique  and  a  product  which  you  will  have  to  eventually  use  in  a  mass  production  situation,  or  even  if  it  for  small  numbers.  its  a  onetime  activity  and  gives  you  the  freedom  to  replicate  your  product  number  of  times.  well  i  see  you  have  come  far,  you  have  an  idea  about  hardware,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  circuit  diagram  and  the  pcb,  how  to  case  it  nicely.  lets  now  look  at  the  intangible  magic  which  makes  all  this  work.  here  we  write  the  code  in  code  using  the  arduino  ide  to  make  nodemcu  work  with  a  relay,  pir  motion  sensor  and  use  iot  platform  carriots  over  wifi  guys  i  spent  a  long  time  trouble  shooting  with  this  project.  there  were  various  issues.  i  am  going  to  list  some  of  them  to  help  you  skip  burning  the  midnight  oil.  1  check  the  nodemcu  pins  if  they  are  giving  the  correct  i/o  as  you  are  assuming,  for  e.g.
__label__situationalsurveillance lets  say  that  you  are  taking  the  pin  no  4  gpio  as  an  input  pin.  now  by  default  this  pin  should  read  ........  low  thatt  right  but  for  some  reason  it  reads  high  even  after  initializing  the  pin  to  input.  test  it  the  consequences  of  not  testing  are  long  and  not  so  fun.  2  using  a  direct  http  get/post  method  instead  of  using  a  visualizing  function  provided  by  blynk  or  thinger.io.  my  deep  respect  to  these  guys  for  building  amazing  services  and  platforms.  my  2  cents  :the  reason  being  that  the  pir  output  stays  high  for  a  couple  of  sends
__label__situationalsurveillance and  you  need  to  bring  in  necessary  delay  to  avoid  sending  multiple  emails.  with  some  services  like  blynk  this  delay  causes  an  issue.  as  it  is  required  to  call  that  function  once  is  6  or  7  sec.  this  is  my  experience  i  could  be  wrong.  3  once  it  satisfies  the  condition  from  the  if  loop,  call  a  function,  instead  of  writing  everything  with  the  loop.  this  brings  clarity  to  the  code  and  help  in  trouble  shooting.  again  this  is  my  feeling.  you  could  adjust  the  sensitivity  of  the  pir  to  reduce  the  time  it  stays  high.  something  you  could  consider..
__label__situationalsurveillance have  fun  making  this  iot  device..  //  written  by  junaid  ahmed  //  this  is  a  free  software  protected  by  the  creative  commons  license  //  this  is  for  as  is  use  and  there  may  be  bugs  and  other  issues.  include  include  esp8266wifi.h  const  char  ssid  netgxxxxx;  const  char  password  xxxxxxxxx;  const  char  server  api.carriots.com;  const  string  apikey  1e2f6920a92e3ca079bf60329d7871d69b3881df88df9b2c44exxxxxxxxxx;  //  replace  with  your  carriots  apikey  const  string  device  lightjunaid.junaid;  //  replace  with  the  iddeveloper  of  your  device  int  ledpin  4;  int  pirpin  12;  int  pirstate  low;  int  val  0;  void  setup  serial.begin115200;  delay10;  pinmodeledpin,output;  pinmodepirpin,input;  serial.printlncalibrating;  forint  i  0;  i  20;  i
__label__situationalsurveillance serial.print.;  delay1000;  //  start  wifi  serial.println;  serial.println;  serial.printconnecting  to  ;  serial.printlnssid;  wifi.beginssid,  password;  while  wifi.status  wlconnected  delay500;  serial.print.;  serial.println;  serial.printlnwifi  connected;  serial.printlnip  address:  ;  serial.printlnwifi.localip;  //  function  to  talk  to  the  carriot  platform  void  sendstream  string  txt  ;  //  text  to  send  if  pirstate  high  //  alarm  off  txt  motion  detected;  else  //  alarm  on  txt  somethig  wrong;  serial.printlntxt;  //serial.printlnval;//  for  debugging  purpose  only  wificlient  client;  //const  int  httpport  80;  if  client.connectserver,  80  //  if  theres  a  successful  connection  serial.printlnfconnected;  //  build  the  data  field  string  json  protocol:v2,device:device,at:now,data:light:txt;  //  make  a  http  request  client.printlnpost  /streams  http/1.1;  client.printlnhost:  api.carriots.com;  client.printlnaccept:  application/json;
__label__situationalsurveillance client.printlnuseragent:  arduinocarriots;  client.printlncontenttype:  application/json;  client.printcarriots.apikey:  ;  client.printlnapikey;  client.printcontentlength:  ;  int  thislength  json.length;  client.printlnthislength;  client.printlnconnection:  close;  client.println;  client.printlnjson;  else  //  if  you  didnt  get  a  connection  to  the  server:  serial.printlnfconnection  failed;  void  loop  val  digitalreadpirpin;  serial.printlnval;  ifval  high  digitalwriteledpin,high;  if  pirstate  low  serial.printlnmotion  detected;  pirstate  high;  serial.printlnfsend  stream;  sendstream;  delay30000;  /  whileclient.available  string  line  client.readstringuntilr;  serial.printline;  delay30000;  /  else  digitalwriteledpin,low;  ifpirstate  high  serial.printlnmotion  detected  email  sent;  pirstate  low;  the  ability  to  trigger  an  email  is  programmed  or  setup  at  the  iot  platform  for  this  product  we  are  using  the  carriots  iot  platform.  its  quite  a  mature  platform  with  many  features.  spend
__label__situationalsurveillance some  time  in  the  platform  to  acquaint  yourself  with  the  functionalities  and  how  to  use  them  i  have  built  an  enabler  course  for  you  to  build  iot  products  from  scratch  and  take  it  to  market,  i  will  take  you  through  arduino,  nodemcu,  nano,  esp8266,  sensors,  displays,  shields,  keypads,  software,  coding,  designing,  talking  to  internet,  protocols,  iot  platforms,  casing,  manufacturing,  raising  capital,  selling,  coaching  and  more.  we  will  learn  all  this  and  make  3  products  in  the  course  from  different  verticals,  ya  you  will  get  to  see  the  entire  creating  process  of  a  product  from  design  to  casing.  for  a  limited
__label__situationalsurveillance time,  you  can  take  this  course  just  for  12,  that  is  96  off,  it  is  practically  for  free  guys  all  the  hard  work  has  paid  off.  you  have  a  working  iot  device  to  sense  motion  and  alert  the  user  with  an  email  over  wifi.  pretty  darn  good  obviously  this  could  be  programmed  to  call,  or  a  text  or  a  alarm  to  the  cops  or  whoever,  the  apllications  a  re  numerous.  we  will  go  through  the  demo  and  see  this  iot  device  in  action.  time  to  call  all  your  folks  and  arrange  some  popcorn.  if  you  are  able  to  pull  this
__label__situationalsurveillance off,  you  are  well  beyond  the  beginner  level  and  now  the  world  is  your  oyster,  you  have  understood  the  fundamental  aspects  of  working  with  micro  controllers,arduino  ide,  wifi,  pir  sensors,  power  convertors,  pcbs,  casing,  relays,  iot  platforms  and  also  hooking  up  actual  devices.  nice  work  i  have  built  an  enabler  course  for  you  to  build  iot  products  from  scratch  and  take  it  to  market,  i  will  take  you  through  arduino,  nodemcu,  nano,  esp8266,  sensors,  displays,  shields,  keypads,  software,  coding,  designing,  talking  to  internet,  protocols,  iot  platforms,  casing,  manufacturing,  raising  capital,  selling,  coaching  and  more.  we  will  learn  all  this  and
__label__situationalsurveillance make  3  products  in  the  course  from  different  verticals,  ya  you  will  get  to  see  the  entire  creating  process  of  a  product  from  design  to  casing.  for  a  limited  time,  you  can  take  this  course  just  for  12,  that  is  96  off,  it  is  practically  for  free  guys  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,593  enrolled  3  years  ago  hey,  nice  instructable.  could  you  tell  me  what  is  the  missing  include  in  the  code?  include  include  esp8266wifi.h  3  years  ago  thank  you  very  much,  your  guide  is  awesome.  its  very  well  explained  and  easy  to  understand,  even
__label__situationalsurveillance for  a  newbie  like  me.  i  managed  to  receive  the  email  and,  btw,  didnt  know  about  the  carriots  platform.  i  think  its  a  great  idea  and  worth  to  work  with.  thanks  again  yo  :  3  years  ago  lots  of  great  tips,  thanks  reply  3  years  ago  thanks  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__situationalsurveillance internet  of  things  security  focuses  on  protecting  your  internetenabled  devices  that  connect  to  each  other  on  wireless  networks.  iot  security  is  the  safety  component  tied  to  the  ,  and  it  strives  to  protect  iot  devices  and  networks  against  cybercrime.  iot  security  is  a  growing  concern.  heres  why.  your  connected  devices  are  data  collectors.  the  personal  information  collected  and  stored  with  these  devices  such  as  your  name,  age,  health  data,  location  and  more  can  aid  criminals  in  stealing  your  identity.  at  the  same  time,  the  internet  of  things  is  a  growing  trend,  with  a  stream  of  new  products  hitting  the  market.
__label__situationalsurveillance but  heres  the  problem:  when  youre  connected  to  everything,  there  are  more  ways  to  access  your  information.  that  can  make  you  an  attractive  target  for  people  who  want  to  make  a  profit  off  of  your  personal  data.  every  connected  device  you  own  can  add  another  privacy  concern,  especially  since  most  of  them  connect  to  your  smartphone.  heres  how  it  works.  whether  you  need  to  check  the  cameras  in  your  home,  lock  or  unlock  a  door,  adjust  temperature  or  lighting,  preheat  the  oven,  or  turn  off  a  tv  you  can  do  it  all  remotely  with  just  a  few  taps  on  your
__label__situationalsurveillance smartphone.  but  the  more  functionalities  you  add  to  your  smartphone,  the  more  information  you  store  in  the  device.  this  could  make  smartphones  and  anything  connected  to  them  vulnerable  to  a  .  iot  technologies  pose  potential  dangers  to  your  internet  safety.  news  reports  have  ranged  from  an  iot  botnet  taking  down  portions  of  the  internet  to  hackers  exploiting  baby  monitors.  thats  why  its  a  good  idea  to  protect  your  digital  life  by  securing  your  iotconnected  devices.  here  are  ten  ways  to  do  that.  follow  us  for  all  the  latest  news,  tips  and  updates.
__label__situationalsurveillance solutions  for:  all  products  and  trials  all  solutions  small  business  iot  security  centralized  visibility  investigation  global  threat  intelligence  connected  threat  defense  solutions  for:  all  products  and  trials  all  solutions  small  business  iot  security  centralized  visibility  investigation  global  threat  intelligence  connected  threat  defense  research  reports  for  popular  products:  18887628736  mf  85  cst  securing  iot  devices  is  more  difficult  than  securing  a  laptop  or  even  a  mobile  phone,  as  many  of  these  devices  are  not  designed  with  security  in  mind.  however,  with  increased  cybersecurity  threats  operating  in  the  landscape  today,  device  manufacturers  are  hard  pressed  to  equip  and  secure  their  products  against
__label__situationalsurveillance any,  and  hopefully  all,  known  and  emerging  attacks.  in  terms  of  broad  industrial  usage,  many  devices  in  these  environments  suffer  from  .  while  in  typical  enterprise  settings,  the  increasingly  connected  nature  of  widespread  operational  networks  including  devices,  communication  channels  and  applications  presents  a  rich  for  hackers.  we  can  see  how  prevalent  iot  threats  are  becoming.  just  this  year  there  were  several  critical  security  incidents  across  different  industries  affecting  millions  of  devices.  generally,  iot  devices  are  very  different  from  each  other,  and  securing  them  also  depends  on  the  type  and  model  of  the  device.  inside  an  office  building,  a  smart  bulb
__label__situationalsurveillance will  be  from  a  different  manufacturer  than  the  smart  printer;  and  the  overall  controlling  system  that  runs  through  the  whole  office  will  have  its  own  unique  operating  system.  to  effectively  secure  all  these  disparate  iot  devices,  an  overarching  multilayered  security  plan  and  constant  maintenance  is  necessary.  there  are  five  initial  security  steps  organizations  can  take  when  setting  up  iot  devices:  in  an  iotenabled  environment,  network  devices  and  routers  are  also  a  cause  for  concern.  one  compromised  iot  device  can  potentially  be  used  to  spread  malware  to  other  devices  connected  to  the  same  network.  for  example,  a  smart  printer  can  be
__label__situationalsurveillance used  to  infect  office  computers  and  other  smart  devices  on  the  same  network.  similarly,  if  a  router  is  compromised,  it  can  spread  malware  to  all  the  devices  connected  to  it.  the  following  measures  are  helpful  in  securing  networks  and  routers:  these  are  just  the  basic  steps  to  take  in  security  iot  devices.  for  a  more  complete  and  multilayered  defense,  users  can  employ  comprehensive  protections  such  as  the  and  solutions,  which  offer  effective  safeguards  against  threats  to  iot  devices  through  features  that  can  detect  malware  at  the  endpoint  level.  connected  devices  can  also  be  protected  by  security  software  such  as  the
__label__situationalsurveillance and  shn  solutions,  which  can  check  internet  traffic  between  the  router  and  all  connected  devices.  the  network  appliance  can  monitor  all  ports  and  network  protocols  for  advanced  threats  and  protect  enterprises  from  targeted  attacks.  also,  for  more  thorough  security  advice  and  to  become  familiar  with  unique  threats  that  can  affect  iot  and  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  devices  across  industries  and  in  smart  factories,  see  the  resources  below.  1.  click  on  the  box  below.  2.  press  ctrla  to  select  all.  3.  press  ctrlc  to  copy.  4.  paste  the  code  into  your  page  ctrlv.  image  will  appear  the  same  size  as
__label__situationalsurveillance you  see  above.  cybersecurity  in  2020  will  be  viewed  through  many  lenses  from  differing  attacker  motivations  and  cybercriminal  arsenal  to  technological  developments  and  global  threat  intelligence  only  so  defenders  can  keep  up  with  the  broad  range  of  threats.  our  midyear  security  roundup  highlights  threats  that  made  their  mark  in  the  first  half  of  2019,  and  provides  security  insights  to  help  users  and  organizations  determine  the  right  solutions  and  defense  strategies  against  them.
__label__situationalsurveillance basic  iot  security  can  be  broken  down  into  three  easy  steps.  if  there  is  any  remaining  debate  around  how  popular  the  internet  of  things  iot  really  is,  it  should  be  laid  to  rest:  2018  is  the  year  that  iotconnected  gadgets  are  expected  to  .  all  of  the  major  playerslike  google,  apple,  microsoft,  and  many  othersare  investing  heavily  in  iot  tech,  and  it  is  widely  considered  to  be  .  but  as  with  any  new  trend,  there  are  still  some  bugs  to  work  out.  for  those  of  you  who  are  just  beginning  to  explore  the  practical  applications  of  connected  devices,  keep  reading
__label__situationalsurveillance to  learn  more  about  iot  security  concerns  and  what  you  can  do  about  them.  having  so  many  companies  deeply  involved  with  iot  tech  is  great  for  variety  and  availability,  but  it  also  poses  problems.  currently,  there  is  a  and  while  their  battle  rages  on,  smaller  manufacturers  are  simultaneously  creating  their  own  iot  protocols.  unfortunately,  a  clear  iot  standard  has  yet  to  emerge,  and  it  is  difficult  to  say  if  any  consensus  is  in  sight.  this  diversity  makes  it  difficult  for  developers  to  institute  any  large  scale  security  solutions.  until  theres  more  standardization,  here  are  three  lines  of  defense  you  can
__label__situationalsurveillance employ  to  keep  your  iot  devices  safe  and  secure.  it  may  seem  obvious,  but  making  sure  that  your  iot  devices  is  a  very  importantand  often  overlookedstep  in  protecting  your  information.  the  unfortunate  truth  is  that  most  iot  devices  are  both  insecure  and  out  of  date.  because  so  many  iot  gadgets  require  very  little  setup,  its  easy  to  just  plug  them  in  and  let  them  run.  some  devices  are  innocuous  enough  to  be  left  alone.  however,  with  an  appliance  that  has  a  direct  line  to  your  iphone  or  a  digital  assistant  like  alexa,  defaults  can  be  a  serious  threat  to  your
__label__situationalsurveillance security.  youll  want  to  change  the  default  username  and  password  for  any  gadgets  that  allow  it,  and  set  up  twofactor  authentication  if  possible.  you  should  also  verify  whether  the  device  automatically  updates;  if  it  doesnt,  regularly  check  in  for  firmware  and  software  updates  from  the  device  manufacturer.  when  your  individual  devices  are  secure,  the  main  point  of  entry  into  your  iot  is  going  to  be  through  your  main  network.  there  are  that  you  can  use  to  secure  your  networks  against  potential  threats,  but  here  are  a  few  of  the  most  effective:  while  using  the  builtin  firewall  on  your  os  is
__label__situationalsurveillance better  than  nothing,  the  truth  is  that  if  a  hacker  has  reached  your  os  firewall,  they  are  already  inside  your  computer.  when  you  place  a  firewall  around  your  network,  on  the  other  handthrough  the  router,  for  instanceall  internet  traffic  must  pass  through  that  point.  the  firewall  can  then  help  filter  out  potential  attacks  before  your  devices  are  affected.  with  so  many  new  iot  devices  coming  out  and  replacements  for  old  devices  hitting  the  market  regularly,  its  increasingly  easy  to  forget  about  every  connected  device  on  your  network.  but  old  iot  devices  may  carry  old  security  protocols,  forgotten  passwords,  and  a
__label__situationalsurveillance whole  host  of  other  threats  to  your  networks.  each  device  in  the  iot  is  a  potential  weak  point  that  has  to  be  secured.  so  if  there  are  old  access  points  that  you  no  longer  use,  youll  want  to  from  the  networkeven  going  so  far  as  to  do  a  factory  reset  on  the  gadgetto  reduce  the  number  of  openings  youll  have  to  keep  an  eye  on.  basic  iot  security  can  be  broken  down  into  three  easy  steps:  secure  your  devices,  secure  your  networks,  and  know  what  is  in  your  iot.  remember,  while  the  devices  themselves  might  not  contain  sensitive  information,  they
__label__situationalsurveillance could  leave  the  door  to  your  larger  network  wide  open.  and  the  older  your  devices,  the  greater  the  security  risks  they  pose.  the  iot  was  conceived  to  make  our  lives  simpler,  but  security  is  something  that  well  always  have  to  take  seriously.
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  devices  are  quickly  becoming  features  in  our  homes  and  businesses,  like  connected  kitchen  gadgets,  security  monitoring  systems,  and  drones.  read  on  to  learn  how  you  can  keep  these  devices  secure  from  cyber  threats  and  vulnerabilities.  use  caution  when  investing  in  one  of  the  various  smart  locks  on  the  market.  investigate  the  strength  of  the  systems  security  mechanisms  before  purchasing.  having  your  front  door  opened  by  a  malicious  attacker  can  be  troubling  and  being  locked  in  or  out  of  the  house  due  to  a  malfunction  can  be  frustrating.  home  thermostats  and  security  systems  are  other  popular  items  in  this  category.
__label__situationalsurveillance when  installing,  be  sure  to  change  the  default  password  to  something  unique  and  complex.  a  security  system  with  default  passwords  isnt  very  secure  at  all.  the  newest  kitchen  gear  often  comes  with  an  app  to  help  ensure  your  meal  comes  out  perfect.  sous  vide  devices,  crockpots,  and  large  appliances  like  refrigerators  all  come  smart  these  days.  to  stay  secure,  consider  creating  a  separate  wireless  network  in  your  home  just  for  iot  devices.  by  using  separate  wireless  networks,  youll  ensure  sensitive  data  like  banking  credentials  and  saved  social  media  accounts  stay  separate  from  iot  data.  never  connect  a  smart  gadget  to
__label__situationalsurveillance your  other  personal  devices  that  have  sensitive  information.  anytime  you  receive  a  new  personal  laptop  or  tablet,  ensure  your  default  user  account  is  nonadministrative.  by  using  a  locked  down  account  with  fewer  privileges,  you  limit  the  damage  that  a  cybercriminal  could  do  if  your  credentials  were  ever  leaked  or  stolen.  for  everyday  activities  like  web  browsing  and  playing  games,  an  admin  account  with  full  program  installation  privileges  is  unnecessary.  to  keep  your  machine  running  smoothly  over  time,  use  caution  before  installing  new  software  applications.  ensure  any  applications  you  install  are  from  a  trusted  source.  once  a  distant  vision  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance future,  home  assistants  are  now  available  for  under  30.  these  voicecontrolled  devices  help  with  everything  from  quick  internet  searches  to  home  automation  projects.  however,  their  wellknown  wake  words  hey  alexa  ok,  google  are  also  a  security  weak  point.  imagine  a  home  invader  being  able  to  lock  doors  or  turn  off  lights  with  a  simple  voice  command.  consider  changing  the  nickname  on  your  home  assistant  from  the  preinstalled  default  to  something  only  you  and  your  family  know.  gaming  has  become  ubiquitous,  with  titles  like  fortnite  surging  in  popularity  across  mobile  devices,  gaming  platforms,  and  pcs.  no  matter  what  or  how  you
__label__situationalsurveillance play,  protect  sensitive  credit  card  information  by  never  saving  it  onto  a  console  or  within  a  mobile  gaming  application.  this  will  protect  against  accidental  purchases  and  malicious  credit  card  theft.  drones  of  all  types  from  toys  to  hobby  investments  are  another  hot  item  this  year.  be  sure  to  update  your  drone  with  the  latest  security  patches  before  flying,  and  change  the  default  password.  from  embedded  smart  assistants  to  sophisticated  touch  controls,  headphones  are  getting  more  complex  each  year.  you  should  start  secure  by  choosing  any  bluetooth  or  wifi  connected  smartphone  accessory  carefully.  select  a  reputable  vendor  whose  products  you  trust
__label__situationalsurveillance wont  come  with  malware  or  bloatware.  stay  secure  by  only  connecting  accessories  to  devices  you  know.  never  store  personal  information  on  a  bluetooth  or  wifi  enabled  smart  accessory  which  may  be  connected  to  others  personal  devices.  our  evergrowing,  interconnected  world  is  an  exciting  place  where  you  can  turn  off  your  stove  from  the  office,  set  a  reminder  from  your  headphones,  and  compete  in  global  gaming  challenges  anywhere,  anytime.  the  expanding  possibilities  also  carry  the  responsibility  to  protect  our  personal  information  and  data.  by  practicing  strong  security  habits  like  using  strong  passwords  and  connecting  with  caution,  we  can  keep  cyber  space
__label__situationalsurveillance when  you  lead  a  busy  lifestyle,  anything  that  you  can  do  to  make  it  that  little  bit  easier  and  more  convenient  can  be  a  godsend.  that  is  why  kitting  your  home  out  with  the  latest  internet  of  things  iot  devices  can  be  a  tempting  prospect.  after  all,  wouldnt  you  like  to  be  able  to  check  up  on  the  dog  whilst  youre  away  from  home  or  see  whos  ringing  your  doorbell?  if  its  a  cold  caller  then  you  can  see  this  and  simply  ignore  them,  however,  if  its  the  postman  you  can  tell  him  to  leave  your  package  in  a  designated
__label__situationalsurveillance safe  space.  lets  look  at  how  to  keep  your  network  of  iot  devices  safe.  well,  the  thing  is,  you  can  do  all  of  this  and  more  with  devices  that  are  currently  available.  heating  your  home,  controlling  the  lights,  turning  on  the  oven  and  starting  up  your  washing  machine  can  all  be  done  remotely  from  your  phone  or  computer  when  you  arent  there.  this  is  known  as  the  and  it  is  growing  rapidly,  spurred  on  by  a  culture  that  demands  digital  connectivity  and  smart  devices  that  can  be  applied  to  all  areas  of  life.  whilst  this  level  of  connectivity  is  great,
__label__situationalsurveillance there  are  some  major  drawbacks  that  you  need  to  be  aware  of.  without  proper  management  and  security,  your  smart  home  full  of  connected  iot  devices  can  become  a  living  nightmare  if  it  is  targeted  by  hackers.  there  are  several  security  and  privacy  risks  that  pose  a  serious  threat.  any  device  that  shares  a  wireless  network  is  inherently  at  risk  of  a  security  breach.  when  somebody  gains  access  to  your  smart  devices,  they  can  harvest  your  data  and  manipulate  them.  with  some  smart  home  devicese.g.  cameras  and  ovensthis  is  downright  dangerous.  luckily,  there  are  plenty  of  security  measures  you  can  take
__label__situationalsurveillance to  secure  your  iot  devices.  if  you  havent  done  any  of  these  things  yet  or  havent  at  least  checked  your  devices  over  to  ensure  they  meet  the  following  points,  then  you  should  do  so  right  away  if  you  use  a  lot  of  smart  devices.  just  like  your  physical  front  door,  your  routers  front  door  should  be  secured  with  solid  locks.  you  never  know  whos  going  to  come  knocking.  a  secure  smart  home,  therefore,  starts  with  your  router.  it  is  the  hub  that  connects  all  your  devices  to  the  iot  and  enables  them  to  operate.  most  people  use  the  router  that
__label__situationalsurveillance their  isp  provided  them  with,  however,  its  always  best  to  as  standard.  there  is  nothing  wrong  with  using  the  router  your  isp  provided,  but  its  not  going  to  be  massively  secure.  you  can  create  multiple  networks  on  your  wifi  router.  this  is  mostly  used  to  create  kids  networks  with  parental  controls  or  guest  networks  for  visitors.  you  may  want  to  create  an  additional  network  that  is  solely  for  connecting  your  iot  devices  to.  by  doing  this,  you  prevent  potential  hackers  from  accessing  sensitive  data,  shared  files  and  other  bits  and  pieces  from  your  other  devices  if  they  breach  your  network.
__label__situationalsurveillance all  your  wifi  routers  networks  should  be  secured  with  a  strong  encryption  method  and  robust  password.  for  routers,  the  standard  and  most  secure  encryption  method  is  called  wpa2.  this  should  always  be  used,  even  for  guest  networks.  for  passwords,  avoid  things  that  are  common  and  easy  to  guess.  is  composed  of  letters,  numbers,  and  symbols,  and  each  network  should  have  a  unique  one.  you  can  use  a  to  help  you  remember  them  all.  ,  and  most  routers  let  you  do  this  through  a  userfriendly  gui.  your  iot  device  probably  comes  with  default  security  settings  and  you  may  want  to  consider
__label__situationalsurveillance changing  them.  not  all  manufacturers  have  your  best  interests  in  mind  and  the  default  settings  may  work  to  benefit  them  more  than  you.  additionally,  check  that  you  dont  have  features  enabled  that  you  dont  need.  for  example,  remote  and  microphone  access  might  not  be  required,  however,  network  access  will  be.  this  depends  on  the  device  and  its  purpose.  avoid  putting  off  software  updates  as  these  are  often  patches  for  security  vulnerabilities.  many  iot  devices  will  prompt  you  when  an  update  is  available,  but  its  good  due  diligence  to  check  manufacturer  websites  often.  if  any  of  your  devices  offer  ,  use
__label__situationalsurveillance it.  twofactor  authentication  is  an  additional  security  layer  on  top  of  a  devices  password  that  requires  secondary  authenticationa  onetime  code  sent  via  email  or  smsbefore  access  is  granted.  when  used  properly,  twofactor  authentication  can  stop  the  bad  guys  gaining  access  to  your  accounts  and  taking  control  of  your  iot  devices.  iot  devices  tend  to  have  features,  enabling  different  devices  to  find  and  connect  to  one  another.  whilst  this  is  convenient  and  eliminates  the  need  to  configure  each  device  individually,  the  protocols  rely  on  local  networks  to  connect  to  each  other  and  these  are  vulnerable  to  thirdparty  attackers.  when  an  attack
__label__situationalsurveillance occurs,  upnp  lets  multiple  devices  be  accessed  at  the  same  time.  its  far  safer  to  just  disable  it  and  configure  your  devices  manually.  staying  one  step  ahead  of  attackers  and  securing  your  network  of  iot  devices  comes  with  the  territory;  it  is  the  price  you  pay  for  convenience  and  benefiting  from  what  iot  devices  have  to  offer.  securing  your  devices  isnt  difficult  and  it  is  something  you  absolutely  must  be  doing  if  you  want  a  comprehensive  smart  home  network.  by  drawing  inspiration  from  the  above  security  tips  and  limiting  your  use  of  most  iot  devices  offer  free  cloud  storage  which,
__label__situationalsurveillance whilst  tempting,  can  be  risky  depending  on  the  security  measures  taken  and  individual  manufacturers  privacy  policiesyou  can  keep  yourself  safe  from  the  threats  posed  by  using  the  internet  of  things.  required  fields  are  marked  luke  is  a  law  graduate  and  freelance  technology  writer  from  the  uk.  taking  to  technology  from  an  early  age,  his  primary  interests  and  areas  of  expertise  include  cybersecurity  and  emerging  technologies  such  as  artificial  intelligence.  by  dave  parrack  by  gavin  phillips  by  ben  stegner  by  georgina  torbet  by  megan  ellis  by  moe  long  by  gavin  phillips  by  christian  cawley  by  christian  cawley  by  james  bruce  by
__label__situationalsurveillance most  readers  here  have  likely  heard  or  read  various  prognostications  about  the  impending  doom  from  the  proliferation  of  poorlysecured  nternet  f  hings  or  iot  devices.  loosely  defined  as  any  gadget  or  gizmo  that  connects  to  the  internet  but  which  most  consumers  probably  wouldnt  begin  to  know  how  to  secure,  iot  encompasses  everything  from  security  cameras,  routers  and  digital  video  recorders  to  printers,  wearable  devices  and  smart  lightbulbs.  throughout  2016  and  2017,  had  many  experts  warning  of  a  dire  outlook  for  internet  security.  but  the  future  of  iot  doesnt  have  to  be  so  bleak.  heres  a  primer  on  minimizing  the  chances
__label__situationalsurveillance that  your  iot  things  become  a  security  liability  for  you  or  for  the  internet  at  large.  either  without  a  firewall  or  in  front  it,  by  poking  holes  in  your  firewall  so  you  can  access  them  remotely.  putting  your  devices  in  front  of  your  firewall  is  generally  a  bad  idea  because  many  iot  products  were  simply  not  designed  with  security  in  mind  and  making  these  things  accessible  over  the  public  internet  could  invite  attackers  into  your  network.  if  you  have  a  router,  chances  are  it  also  comes  with  a  builtin  firewall.  keep  your  iot  devices  behind  the  firewall  as  best  you
__label__situationalsurveillance can.  to  a  complex  password  that  only  you  will  know  and  can  remember.  and  if  you  do  happen  to  forget  the  password,  its  not  the  end  of  the  world:  most  devices  have  a  recessed  reset  switch  that  can  be  used  to  restore  to  the  thing  to  its  factorydefault  settings  and  credentials.  on  picking  better  ones.  i  say  if  you  can,  at  the  beginning  of  rule  2  because  very  often  iot  devices  particularly  security  cameras  and  dvrs  are  so  poorly  designed  from  a  security  perspective  that  even  changing  the  default  password  to  the  things  builtin  web  interface  does  nothing  to  prevent
__label__situationalsurveillance the  things  from  being  reachable  and  vulnerable  once  connected  to  the  internet.  also,  many  of  these  devices  are  found  to  have  hidden,  undocumented  backdoor  accounts  that  attackers  can  use  to  remotely  control  the  devices.  thats  why  rule  1  is  so  important.  hardware  vendors  sometimes  make  available  security  updates  for  the  software  that  powers  their  consumer  devices  known  as  firmware.  its  a  good  idea  to  visit  the  vendors  web  site  and  check  for  any  firmware  updates  before  putting  your  iot  things  to  use,  and  to  check  back  periodically  for  any  new  updates.  ,  and  make  sure  like  upnp  which  can  easily
__label__situationalsurveillance poke  holes  in  your  firewall  without  you  knowing  it  are  disabled.  want  to  know  if  something  has  poked  a  hole  in  your  routers  firewall?  has  a  decent  scanner  that  may  give  you  clues  about  any  cracks  in  your  firewall.  browse  to  ,  then  cut  and  paste  the  resulting  address  into  the  text  box  at  ,  select  ipv4  hosts  from  the  dropdown  menu,  and  hit  search.  if  that  sounds  too  complicated  or  if  your  isps  addresses  are  on  censyss  blacklist  check  out  s  ,  which  features  a  pointandclick  tool  that  can  give  you  information  about  which  network  doorways  or  ports  may
__label__situationalsurveillance be  open  or  exposed  on  your  network.  a  quick  internet  search  on  exposed  port  numbers  can  often  yield  useful  results  indicating  which  of  your  devices  may  have  poked  a  hole.  if  you  run  antivirus  software  on  your  computer,  consider  upgrading  to  a  network  security  or  internet  security  version  of  these  products,  which  ship  with  more  fullfeatured  software  firewalls  that  can  make  it  easier  to  block  traffic  going  into  and  out  of  specific  ports.  alternatively,  is  a  useful  tool  that  offers  a  fullfeatured  firewall  as  well  as  the  ability  to  tell  which  of  your  applications  and  devices  are  using  the  most
__label__situationalsurveillance bandwidth  on  your  network.  glasswire  recently  came  in  handy  to  help  me  determine  which  application  was  using  gigabytes  worth  of  bandwidth  each  day  it  turned  out  to  be  a  version  of  amazon  musics  software  client  that  had  a  glitchy  updater.  builtin.  p2p  iot  devices  are  notoriously  difficult  to  secure,  and  research  has  repeatedly  shown  that  they  can  be  reachable  even  through  a  firewall  remotely  over  the  internet  because  theyre  configured  to  continuously  find  ways  to  connect  to  a  global,  shared  network  so  that  people  can  access  them  remotely.  for  examples  of  this,  see  previous  stories  here,  including  ,  and  .
__label__situationalsurveillance bear  in  mind  that  when  it  comes  to  iot  devices,  cheaper  usually  is  not  better.  there  is  no  direct  correlation  between  price  and  security,  but  history  has  shown  the  devices  that  tend  to  be  toward  the  lowerend  of  the  price  ranges  for  their  class  tend  to  have  the  most  vulnerabilities  and  backdoors,  with  the  least  amount  of  vendor  upkeep  or  support.  in  the  wake  of  one  of  the  biggest  iot  malware  threats  ever  the  released  .  one  final  note:  i  realize  that  the  people  who  probably  need  to  be  reading  these  tips  the  most  likely  wont  ever  know  they  need
__label__situationalsurveillance to  care  enough  to  act  on  them.  but  at  least  by  taking  proactive  steps,  you  can  reduce  the  likelihood  that  your  iot  things  will  contribute  to  the  global  iot  security  problem.  tags:  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  i  have  avoided  wireless  connections  and  as  soon  as  my  daughter  and  soninlaw  leave,  i  turn  off  the  wireless  connection  to  my  intranet.  no  wireless  is  secure  wireless.  my  house  is  wired  and  everything  is  cable  connected.  any  future  iot  devices  will  be  set  up  carefully  or  returned  accompanied  by  a  nastygram.  you  should  use  wifi,  its  fine.  with
__label__situationalsurveillance wep  security.  20  years  on  the  field  and  still  used.  respect  yeah,  dont  use  wep.  its  laughably  broken  at  this  point.  wpa2  is  the  bare  minimum  that  you  should  be  using.  while  youre  in  there  changing  to  wpa2,  disable  wps  too.  i  dont  understand  any  of  this,  but  realize  i  need  to.  can  you  please  point  me  to  a  primer/starter  that  a  person  without  any  tech  or  programming  knowledge  can  follow  step  by  step?  i  see  links  here,  but  that  even  feels  like  jumping  into  the  middle.  thanks.  try  shields  up  its  pretty  easy  a  website  for  it  novices  is
__label__situationalsurveillance ed2go.com  they  have  6  week  courses  offered  at  various  times  during  the  year  covering  many  subject  especially  in  the  it  arena.  this  is  a  paid  site  and  prices  are  reasonable.  also  ask  the  internet  the  same  question  you  asked  here  review  the  responses  use  the  internet  as  a  giant  reference  encyclopedia;  check  the  following  websites  twit.tv,  grc.com,  howtogeek.com,  komando.com;  digitalcitizen.com  and  krebsonsecurity.com  thank  you  for  the  tips.  manufacturers  need  to  follow  some  sort  of  standard  and  part  of  it  should  be  to  force  users  to  change  default  password.  part  of  the  issue  is  that  a  lot  of  these  devices  are
__label__situationalsurveillance designed  and  manufactured  in  foreign  countries  that  really,  really  do  not  care  about  our  laws.  we  could  regulate  imports  but  can  you  imagine  the  policy  nightmare?  what  happens  when  a  security  breach  is  revealed  in  an  otherwise  accepted  product?  do  we  turn  them  back?  stick  on  a  post  it  note  warning?  only  way  to  be  totally  iot  safe  is  dont  use  it.  any  of  it.  your  response  is  similar  to  my  software  qa  friend  who  insisted  on  paper  checks  to  be  mailed  to  him  and  not  directdeposited.  if  youre  that  paranoid,  then  you  shouldnt  be  using  wireless  networks,  either.  or
__label__situationalsurveillance having  directdeposit  of  your  paycheck.  or  using  a  computer  and  posting  comments  to  online  articles.  what?  people  still  use  botnets?  long  time  i  had  the  toughts  to  purache  botnet,but  i  have  no  idea  what  to  do  with  botnet.  what  i  know  that  people  bopught  botnet  system  for  bank  transfers.  its  true  that  good  botnet  cost  about  5k.?  iot,  the  s  is  for  security  wait?  did  you  say  theres  no  s  in  iot?  theres  no  security  either  excellent  recommendations  and  for  those  reading  this  who  would  like  to  consider  a  new  technology  developed  at  oxford  university,  let  us  know.  one  way
__label__situationalsurveillance i  found  to  cope  with  these  issue  was  to  classify  the  devices  based  on  their  impact  to  living  things  after  taking  care  of  all  of  the  security  controls.  i  wrote  a  paper  about  it  it  is  my  believe  that  things  will  not  get  any  better  anytime  soon.  at  this  time,  consumers  need  to  know  the  real  capabilities  of  those  devices.  click  image  for  my  skimmer  series.  a  new  york  times  bestseller  badguy  uses  for  your  pc  tools  for  a  safer  pc  spammers  duke  it  out  your  email  account  may  be  worth  far  more  than  you  imagine.  ebanking  best  practices  for
__label__situationalsurveillance businesses  innovations  from  the  underground  id  protection  services  examined  the  reasons  for  its  decline  file  em  before  the  bad  guys  can  a  crash  course  in  carding.  sign  up,  or  be  signed  up  finding  out  is  not  so  easy.  ...for  online  safety.  2019  krebs  on  security.  powered  by  .
__label__situationalsurveillance new  new  new  from  idg  advertiser  name  here  by  ,  contributor,  as  more  and  more  internetconnected  devices  find  their  way  into  our  homes  and  businesses,  its  important  to  remember  that  they  represent  a  security  risk.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  growing  rapidly,  and  in  the  rush  for  convenience,  our  privacy  and  safety  is  often  an  afterthought.  leaving  them  unsecured  is  the  digital  equivalent  of  leaving  the  back  door  unlocked.  there  are  5.5  million  new  things  getting  connected  every  day  in  2016,  as  we  head  toward  more  than  20  billion  by  2020,  according  to  .  thats  an  awful  lot  of
__label__situationalsurveillance devices.  they  might  bring  all  sorts  of  handy  new  features,  but,  whether  its  the  latest  cuttingedge  baby  monitor  or  a  wireless  doorbell  camera  that  links  to  your  phone,  its  also  a  networkconnected  computer  and  should  be  treated  as  such.  here  are  eight  tips  to  help  you  secure  those  iot  devices.  the  first  step  is  to  consider  what  functionality  you  need  from  the  device.  just  because  your  tv  or  fridge  can  connect  to  the  internet,  doesnt  mean  you  definitely  want  to  hook  it  up.  take  a  good  look  at  the  features  it  offers  and  learn  exactly  what  internet  connectivity  brings  before
__label__situationalsurveillance you  connect.  many  wifi  routers  support  guest  networking  so  that  visitors  can  connect  to  your  network  without  gaining  access  to  shared  files  or  networked  devices.  this  kind  of  separation  also  works  well  for  iot  devices  that  have  questionable  security.  its  very  important  to  pick  strong  passwords,  but  you  must  also  make  sure  that  you  pick  a  different  password  for  every  device.  if  a  hacker  manages  to  get  one  of  your  passwords,  they  will  typically  try  it  with  other  services  and  devices.  reusing  passwords  is  not  a  good  idea.  use  a  password  manager  to  keep  track  of  all  your  passwords.  learn
__label__situationalsurveillance .  get  the  latest  from  cso  by  .  sadly,  upnp  can  make  routers,  printers,  cameras  and  other  devices  vulnerable  to  attack.  its  designed  to  make  it  easier  to  network  devices  without  configuration  by  helping  them  automatically  discover  each  other.  the  problem  is  that  hackers  can  also  potentially  discover  them  from  beyond  your  local  network  because  of  vulnerabilities  in  the  upnp  protocol.  is  best  to  turn  upnp  off  completely.  if  you  want  to  make  sure  you  have  the  latest  security  patches  and  reduce  the  chances  of  a  successful  attack,  then  you  need  to  keep  your  firmware  fully  updated.  vulnerabilities  and  exploits
__label__situationalsurveillance will  be  fixed  as  they  emerge,  so  your  iot  devices  and  your  router  need  to  be  regularly  updated.  automate  this  wherever  possible  or  set  a  schedule  to  check  for  updates  every  three  months  or  so.  a  lot  of  iot  devices  rely  on  cloud  services,  but  the  requirement  for  an  internet  connection  in  order  for  something  to  function  can  be  a  real  problem.  not  only  will  it  not  work  when  the  network  is  down,  but  it  may  also  be  syncing  sensitive  data  or  offering  another  potential  route  into  your  home.  make  sure  you  read  up  on  the  providers  privacy  policy  and
__label__situationalsurveillance look  for  reassurances  about  encryption  and  data  protection.  dont  take  your  personal  iot  devices  to  work.  there  are  lots  of  .  every  enterprise  should  have  a  clear  byod  policy,  and  its  often  a  good  idea  to  prohibit  personal  iot  devices  from  connecting  to  the  network,  or  at  least  limit  them  to  a  guest  network.  businesses  need  to  track  everything  connected  to  the  network  and  monitor  the  flow  of  traffic.  devices  need  to  be  assessed  to  determine  the  level  of  access  they  should  have,  to  keep  them  fully  patched  and  up  to  date,  and  to  protect  data  endtoend  to  preserve  its
__label__situationalsurveillance integrity.  unknown  devices  should  flag  an  alert.  understanding  which  devices  are  connected  and  what  theyre  doing  is  a  prerequisite  for  proper  security.  if  youre  dealing  with  sensitive  data  or  youre  concerned  about  privacy,  then  make  sure  you  have  a  long  hard  look  at  the  iot  devices  youre  considering.  what  security  protocols  do  they  support?  how  easy  are  they  to  patch?  do  the  providers  have  a  proper  privacy  policy?  its  not  safe  to  assume  theyre  secure  because  all  too  often  they  simply  arent.  the  opinions  expressed  in  this  blog  are  those  of  michelle  drolet  and  do  not  necessarily  represent  those  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  idg  communications,  inc.,  its  parent,  subsidiary  or  affiliated  companies.  michelle  drolet  is  founder  of  ,  a  small,  womanowned  data  security  services  provider  in  framingham,  ma,  with  clients  such  as  smith  wesson,  middlesex  savings  bank,  wgbh,  covenant  healthcare  and  many  midsize  organizations.  she  can  be  reached  at  .  copyright  2016  2019  descend
__label__situationalsurveillance just  a  decade  ago,  the  internet  connectivity  was  limited  to  mainly  computers  and  laptops  at  home  and  office.  the  introduction  of  affordable  smartphones  and  the  rapid  proliferation  of  social  media  changed  the  way  people  communicated  with  each  other.  soon,  however,  realtime  communication  started  to  take  over  industrial  and  household  devices,  ushering  in  a  new  era  of  internet  of  things  or  iot.  sadly,  this  ease  of  communication  came  at  a  price.  the  risk  of  data  and  identify  theft  also  increased.  in  2017,  the  number  of  in  the  united  states  alone  amounted  to  1,579  with  close  to  179  million  records  exposed.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance increasing  frequency  of  cyber  attacks  has  become  the  number  one  concern  globally.  even  if  you  arent  directly  affected  in  a  cyber  attack,  your  iot  devices  may  be  helping  the  cybercriminals  unknowingly.  to  ,  you  must  keep  your  iot  network  as  secure  as  possible.  but,  iot  security  is  a  tricky  business  that  requires  multilayered  security  approach.  here  is  a  list  of  six  security  layers  to  strengthen  your  iot  setup.  historically,  network  security  was  the  domain  of  welltrained  experts.  however,  you  also  need  to  understand  the  basics  of  network  security  as  you  are  the  administrator  of  your  home  iot  network.  the  first
__label__situationalsurveillance thing  you  need  to  remember  is  not  to  rush  through  your  iot  setup  as  it  may  lead  to  numerous  security  problems  later.  so,  be  patient.  set  up  and  secure  one  device  at  a  time.  unfortunately,  most  iot  networks  are  wireless.  securing  a  wireless  network  can  be  a  bit  challenging  as  there  are  several  different  ,  standards,  and  device  capabilities.  however,  one  of  the  easiest  ways  to  protect  a  network  is  to  change  the  default  usernames  and  passwords  of  the  broadband  router  or  another  wireless  access  point.  this  access  point  device  usually  comes  with  an  embedded  server  or  webpage.  as  the
__label__situationalsurveillance administrator,  you  can  change  the  username  and  password  here  to  keep  your  network  secure.  you  should  also  change  the  default  ssid.  a  default  ssid  often  indicates  a  poorly  configured  network,  increasing  the  chances  of  an  attack.  the  authentication  process  keeps  unauthorized  persons  from  gaining  access  to  your  network  while  allows  you  the  administrator  to  access  the  sources  you  need.  you  will  need  to  consider  different  factors  to  set  up  necessary  authentication  rules.  for  example,  you  may  want  to  allow  multiple  users  to  access  a  particular  device  such  as  your  microwave,  wifi,  or  tv.  they  may  also  want  to  set  different
__label__situationalsurveillance parameters  according  to  their  needs.  a  simple  authentication  involves  providing  the  users  with  a  username  and  a  password  to  access  a  particular  device.  however,  you  can  also  use  advanced  methods  such  as  twofactor  authentication  and  .  in  case  of  a  two  factor  authentication,  after  entering  a  username  and  password,  users  receive  a  onetime  password  otp  via  email  or  sms.  alternatively,  you  can  also  use  digital  signatures,  personal  identification  number  pin,  and  smart  card.  multilayered  authentication  adds  extra  protection.  hence,  it  is  preferred  in  highsecurity  environments.  security  of  moving  and  stored  data  is  also  a  crucial  part  of  overall  iot  security.
__label__situationalsurveillance hackers  have  known  to  sniff  the  moving  data  to  gain  illicit  access  to  iot  networks.  unfortunately,  the  variety  of  connected  devices  makes  it  difficult  to  find  a  one  size  fits  all  solution.  most  wifi  home  networks  support  encryption  technologies  such  as  among  others.  however,  they  are  not  the  strongest  encryption  algorithms  out  there.  the  key  length  or  the  number  of  bits  in  the  encryption  key  determines  the  success  of  network  encryption.  encryption  keys  have  a  predetermined  lifecycle.  so,  they  become  worthless  after  the  desired  period  of  usage.  thus,  encrypting  iot  data  also  requires  efficient  encryption  key  lifecycle  management.  cloud  is
__label__situationalsurveillance one  of  the  primary  sources  of  potential  cyber  threats  looming  over  your  .  cloud  often  refers  to  the  software  environment  of  the  iot  setup  connecting  the  smart  devices  and  a  central  hub  where  data  is  analyzed  and  stored.  in  other  words,  it  is  the  big  data  that  requires  protection  against  cyber  attacks.  most  critical  security  components  of  the  cloud  include  stored  data,  platform,  and  application  integrity  verification.  by  default,  your  service  provider  is  the  first  line  of  defense  against  cloud  based  data  breaches.  they  are  supposed  to  provide  you  with  a  secure  cloud  environment.  so,  carefully.  preferably  someone  who  uses
__label__situationalsurveillance advanced  security  practices  and  controls.  often  overlooked,  device  lifecycle  management  involves  keeping  all  your  iot  devices  and  systems  updated  regularly.  the  best  way  to  ensure  everything  including  operating  systems,  firmware,  and  application  software  remains  uptodate  is  to  turn  on  automatic  updates.  cyber  attackers  continually  keep  changing  their  tactics  to  find  new  ways  to  invade  secured  iot  networks.  most  device  manufacturers  and  cloud  service  providers  create  security  patches  to  deal  with  them.  so,  make  sure  the  security  patches  are  installed  correctly.  follow  the  required  security  protocols  when  adding  new  devices  to  the  network,  endoflife  device  decommissioning  and  integrating  your  network  with
__label__situationalsurveillance a  new  cloud  system.  usually,  an  application  programming  interface  or  api  is  used  to  access  the  devices  connected  to  the  iot  setup.  api  security  is  critical  to  ensure  that  only  authorized  devices,  developers,  and  apps  are  communicating  with  each  other.  in  other  words,  it  maintains  the  integrity  of  the  data.  you  can  use  a  comprehensive  .  most  tools  can  automate  connections  between  an  api  and  the  applications.  they  can  also  ensure  consistency  if  you  are  using  different  variants  of  api.  they  can  improve  performance  by  managing  the  memory  and  caching  mechanism  as  well.  just  make  sure  to  select  a  tool
__label__situationalsurveillance that  suits  your  iot  network  requirements.  the  rapid  growth  of  iot  networks  has  made  our  lives  easier.  but,  it  has  also  increased  the  risk  of  data  and  identity  theft  significantly.  sadly,  securing  an  iot  setup  is  easier  said  than  done  owing  to  its  complex  structure  with  a  multitude  of  devices.  hopefully,  the  six  layers  of  security  mentioned  above  will  help  you  keep  it  secure  from  cyber  threats.  do  you  have  an  iot  setup  at  home?  what  security  measures  did  you  implement?  share  your  experiences  and  thoughts  in  the  comments.  bernhardisthecofounderandceoofkisi.hisphilosophy,  securityisawesome,is  contagiousamongtechenabledcompanies.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  internet  of  things  iot  creates  new  business  opportunities.  for  instance,  companies  can  use  smart  sensors  to  track  and  monitor  inventory.  however,  hackers  can  still  get  their  hands  on  iot  devices  given  the  chance  to  breach  your  network.  here  are  some  precautions  you  should  take  to  protect  your  iot  devices.  not  many  people  know  they  can  set  passwords  for  iot  devices,  making  their  gadgets  easy  to  hack.  you  have  to  make  sure  to  set  new  and  strong  passwords  preferably  with  a  combination  of  upper  and  lowercase  letters,  numbers,  and  symbols.  then,  use  a  password  manager  to  keep  track  of  all
__label__situationalsurveillance your  passwords.  upnp  helps  iot  gadgets  discover  and  connect  to  other  network  devices.  but  this  feature  also  serves  as  a  gateway  for  hackers  to  infiltrate  your  devices  and  network.  to  prevent  this,  disable  this  feature.  its  a  good  idea  to  keep  your  iot  devices  connected  to  their  own  network  thats  separate  from  your  main  office  network.  this  way,  gadgets  can  connect  to  the  internet  but  wont  have  access  to  missioncritical  files.  you  can  also  invest  in  device  access  management  tools.  these  allow  you  to  control  which  devices  can  access  what  data,  and  prevent  unauthorized  access.  you  need  to  keep  your
__label__situationalsurveillance software  up  to  date  if  you  want  to  secure  your  devices  against  cyberattacks.  manufacturers  are  always  releasing  new  patches  for  the  latest  vulnerabilities,  so  make  it  a  habit  to  check  and  install  iot  firmware  updates  regularly.  if  you  have  several  devices,  use  patch  management  software  to  automate  patch  distribution  and  schedule  regular  updates.  simply  disconnecting  your  devices  or  turning  them  off  when  not  in  use  can  significantly  reduce  your  vulnerability  to  cyberattacks.  it  removes  potential  entry  points  into  your  network  and  minimizes  the  chances  of  unauthorized  access  to  your  network.  with  the  advent  of  iot  devices  in  homes  and  offices,
__label__situationalsurveillance hackers  also  developed  more  cunning  ways  to  exploit  them.  adopting  the  abovementioned  security  habits  can  prevent  a  variety  of  iot  attacks,  but  if  you  need  to  beef  up  your  security,  contact  us  today.  we  have  robust  security  solutions  to  keep  your  hardware  and  systems  safe.  learn  more  about  our  .
__label__situationalsurveillance setting  up  an  iot  device  is  a  crucial  step.  if  we  take  the  case  of  a  consumer  product,  this  process  is  expected  to  be  done  once  when  unpacking  each  of  the  purchased  products.  the  main  challenge  for  set  up  is  that  it  must  be  both  a  seamless  experience  and  a  secure  procedure:  the  device  must  be  uniquely  authenticated  and  setup  cannot  expose  vulnerabilities.  this  setup  procedure  needs  to  be  designed  and  executed  correctly,  otherwise  it  can  impair  either  security,  or  market  success.  hence,  it  is  no  surprise  that  security  has  been  severely  undermined  in  the  past  years,  with  vendors  preferring
__label__situationalsurveillance easy  but  unsecure  pairing.  one  can  think  for  instance  of  the  many  iot  device  manufacturers  that  have  been  using  a  common  login/password  e.g.  admin/password  for  all  their  products.  this  has  created  a  huge  security  hole  .  successful  device  setup  should  therefore  combine  both  ease  of  use  and  security  for  the  consumer.  we  will  discuss  this  in  more  detail  in  this  paper.  retail  iot  products  need  to  be  first  set  up,  and  usually  maintained  by  the  most  techsavvy  person  in  the  household.  after  the  device  has  been  connected  to  the  wired  or  wireless  network,  the  device  must  be  configured  to  be
__label__situationalsurveillance used  by  the  end  user  or  by  other  iot  devices  and  applications.  we  compare  this  configuration  to  personnel  onboarding  the  comprehensive  human  resource  process  where  new  employees  are  integrated  into  a  company.  when  this  happens,  several  different  departments  within  an  organization  execute  various  processes  to  set  new  employees  up  with  email,  computers,  phone,  tax  paperwork,  payroll,  benefits,  and  relevant  training  enrollment.  similar  to  employee  onboarding,  device  onboarding  for  iot  devices  executes  multiple  processes  to  bring  new  iot  devices  into  an  iot  secure  domain:  there  are  proprietary  solutions  which  offer  onboarding  at  scale,  but  their  interface  is  restricted  in  the  worst
__label__situationalsurveillance case  to  one  device  product  or,  more  likely,  to  a  number  of  device  products  within  a  manufacturers  product  range.  the  motivation  for  using  a  proprietary  api  can  be  vendor  lockin  and/or  the  lack  of  standard  apis  supporting  the  devices  functionality.  some  of  the  limits  of  proprietary  software  include  high  cost,  lack  of  developer  support,  security  issues,  and  lack  of  customization  options.  the  ocf  is  a  global  standards  body  helping  the  emergence  of  a  real  internet  of  things,  meaning  across  all  vertical  industries.  ocf  is  built  on  three  pillars:  public  specification,  open  source  code,  and  certification.  ocf  publishes  open  specifications  certified
__label__situationalsurveillance as  international  standards  by  the  international  standards  organization  iso  and  international  electrotechnical  commission  iec.  ocf  runs  the  that  manages  two  open  source  implementations  of  the  ocf  specification  available  on  github:  for  hub,  and  for  end  points.  having  concrete  implementations  eliminates  ambiguity  for  developers,  reduces  time  to  market  for  device  manufacturers,  and  forges  interoperability.  lastly,  ocf  runs  a  certification  program  delivering  an  ocfcertified  label  and  maintaining  a  database  of  certified  device  products,  and  an  associated  ocf  public  key  infrastructure  which  can  be  used  to  issue  manufacturer  certificates  for  ocf  certificated  devices.  the  foundation  believes  in  helping  the  industry  by  offering  tools
__label__situationalsurveillance for  seamless  bridging  to  other  ecosystems.  this  bridging  framework  helps  manufacturers  to  span  multiple  vertical  industries  and  maximize  their  development  investment  to  increase  crossmarket  opportunities.  ocf  bridging  capabilities  also  enable  companies  to  fully  integrate  ocfcertified  products  into  proprietary  and  legacy  solutions  without  losing  their  current  investments.  for  the  purpose,  ocf  maintains  :  it  is  open  for  public  contribution  and  allows  developers  to  translate  automatically  from  any  included  data  model  to  any  others.  anyone  can  contribute  by  specifying  their  data  model  in  openapi  2.0.  note  that  the  tools  to  generate  code  and  translate  are  available  on  .  ocf  uses  representational  state
__label__situationalsurveillance transfer  rest  for  messaging  between  devices.  for  each  logical  set  of  information,  a  resource  is  designed.  the  resources  are  designed  in  open  api  using  json,  but  are  transferred  on  the  wire  as  cbor,  an  automatic  translation  into  binary  format  that  reduces  the  size  of  the  payloads  similar  like  zip.  this  means  that  ocf  supports  the  ease  of  using  internet  technologies  restful  and  open  api/json  while  being  suitable  for  small  devices  due  to  the  use  of  binary  payloads.  ocf  mandates  that  device  provisioning  can  happen  only  when  the  client  is  on  the  same  secure  domain.  the  provisioning  instructions  are  sent  over
__label__situationalsurveillance a  secure  connection,  encrypted  by  datagram  transport  layer  security  dtls.  the  onboarding  on  the  secure  domain  is  split  technically  into  ownership  transfer  of  the  device  and  provisioning  the  device.  the  whole  process  is  defined  as  a  set  of  state  transitions  and  described  in  the  following  picture  simplified:  source:  open  connectivity  foundation  the  below  schematics  define  how  the  operations  proceed  in  time.  successful  ownership  transfer  means  that  the  device  state  will  go  into  normal  operation  rfnop.  source:  open  connectivity  foundation  ownership  transfer  locks  the  device  down  to  a  secure  domain.  only  the  owner  of  the  secure  domain  can  change  it.  if
__label__situationalsurveillance an  application  or  other  iot  device  wants  to  communicate  to  the  device,  it  needs  to  be  part  of  the  same  secure  domain.  only  devices  that  are  part  of  the  secure  domain  can  talk  securely  to  each  other.  ocf  defines  three  ownership  transfer  methods  otms  or  algorithms:  which  of  these  different  techniques  is  provided  is  a  device  manufacturer  choice  depending  on  their  needs,  and  the  capabilities  of  the  device.  access  to  a  resource  is  governed  by  entries  matching  the  resource  in  the  access  control  list  acl,  which  also  specify:  when  all  provisioning  steps  are  completed,  the  device  will  go  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance ready  for  normal  operation  state.  this  means  that  all  incoming  actions  will  be  checked  against:  when  all  steps  are  granted,  the  action  will  be  performed  by  the  device.  as  mentioned  in  the  introduction,  it  is  important  that  a  device  neither  be  attacked  nor  be  permitted  to  attack  other  systems  with  which  it  has  no  business  communicating.  a  layered  approach  is  taken:  rolebased  access  control  and  manufacturer  usage  descriptions.  the  former  addresses  device  security,  while  the  latter  adds  an  additional  layer  of  protection  from  the  network.  when  device  identifiers  are  used  to  grant  access,  then  each  device  has  to  be  set
__label__situationalsurveillance up  to  grant  each  client  access.  a  simpler  and  more  scalable  solution  is  using  rolebased  access  control  rbac.  in  this  case  the  acl  entry  has  a  unique  identifier  that  represents  the  role  that  a  client  can  perform.  this  role  is  then  configured  on  the  client,  without  which  the  device  would  have  to  be  reconfigured.  in  this  way  different  access  levels  can  be  created:  the  device  must  be  configured  for  each  supported  role,  rather  than  be  configured  for  each  device.  ocf  has  defined  a  standardized  solution  to  safely  onboard  a  consumer  product.  however,  setting  up  an  enterprise  product  in  an  existing
__label__situationalsurveillance infrastructure  network  is  a  different  challenge.  first,  it  people  cannot  go  through  a  onebyone  installation  procedure  for  every  device.  it  would  not  be  reasonable  to  expect  them  to  repeat  the  same  lengthy  procedure  for  all  light  bulbs  in  an  office,  one  by  one.  second,  the  installation  requires  more  choices:  the  network  administrator  must  decide  what  network  and  what  resources  they  will  be  allowed  to  access.  said  differently,  the  challenge  is  in  scaling  deployment  over  multiple  offices  and/or  buildings  without  compromising  security  either.  here  as  well,  poor  implementation  can  have  catastrophic  impact.  in  2018,  thanks  to  a  smart  thermometer  monitoring  the
__label__situationalsurveillance water  of  an  aquarium  installed  in  the  lobby.  the  hackers  managed  to  find  and  steal  information  from  the  casinos  highroller  database  by  connecting  to  the  thermometer.  using  an  otherwiseinnocuous  device  that  had  not  been  secured  for  the  iot,  some  very  confidential  information  can  fall  easily  into  the  wrong  hands.  we  will  not  describe  enterprise  products  here  but  will  cover  that  in  a  future  article.  is  standards  engineer  at  samsung  electronics  and  chair  of  the  open  connectivity  foundation  security  work  group.  is  principal  engineer  at  qualcomm  and  vice  chair  of  the  open  connectivity  foundation  security  work  group.  newsletter  blurb  setting  up
__label__situationalsurveillance an  iot  device  is  a  crucial  step  that  must  be  both  a  seamless  experience  and  a  secure  procedure.  this  setup  procedure  needs  to  be  designed  and  executed  correctly,  otherwise  it  can  impair  security  or  market  success.  you  must  or  to  post  a  comment.  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  your  account  has  been  deactivated.  sorry,  we  could  not  verify  that  email  address.  your  account  has  been  reactivated.  you  must  verify  your  email  address  before  signing  in.  check  your  email  for  your  verification  email,  or  enter  your  email  address  in  the  form  below  to  resend  the  email.  please  confirm
__label__situationalsurveillance the  information  below  before  signing  in.  already  have  an  account?  we  have  sent  a  confirmation  email  to  emailaddressdata  .  please  check  your  email  and  click  on  the  link  to  verify  your  email  address.  weve  sent  an  email  with  instructions  to  create  a  new  password.  your  existing  password  has  not  been  changed.  foundexistingaccounttext  currentemailaddress  .  sorry,  we  could  not  verify  that  email  address.  enter  your  email  below,  and  well  send  you  another  email.  check  your  email  for  a  link  to  verify  your  email  address.  thank  you  for  verifiying  your  email  address.  your  password  has  been  successfully  updated.  we  didnt  recognize  that
__label__situationalsurveillance machine  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  follow  us:
__label__situationalsurveillance search  by  ,  contributor,  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  projected  to  grow  significantly  over  the  coming  years.  research  firm  gartner  inc.  has  estimated  that  8.4  billion  connected  things  were  in  use  worldwide  in  2017,  up  31  from  2016,  and  expects  the  number  to  .  this  growth  is  being  driven  by  the  promise  of  increased  insight,  enhanced  customer  satisfaction,  and  greater  efficiency.  these  benefits  are  made  possible  as  sensor  data  from  devices  and  the  power  of  internetbased  cloud  services  converge.  one  of  the  key  concerns  related  to  the  successful  adoption  of  the  iot  is  having  sufficiently  strong  security  mechanisms  in
__label__situationalsurveillance place  throughout  the  ecosystemto  mitigate  the  increased  security  risks  of  connecting  devices  to  the  internet.  consider  the  sheer  number  of  iot  devices  that  will  be  connected  to  the  internet  and  how  much  data  will  be  generated  by  those  devices.  by  2025,  the  iot  is  projected  to  have  .  by  that  time,  nearly  a  quarter  of  the  worlds  projected  163  zettabytes  of  data  will  have  been  created  in  realtime  and  95  of  those  data  will  have  been  .  the  iot  is  expected  to  have  a  staggering  economic  impact,  as  much  as  .  couple  that  with  the  rapidly  evolving  cyberthreat  landscape,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance its  easy  to  understand  why  many  experts  are  as  concerned  about  the  risks  as  they  are  enthusiastic  about  benefits  of  the  iot.  making  matters  worse  is  the  fact  that  cybercriminals  are  incentivized  to  figure  out  new  and  more  insidious  ways  to  hack  into  even  the  most  benign  devices  because  they  can  provide  a  convenient  gateway  to  more  valuable  systems.  your  connected  ricecooker  might  not,  at  firstblush,  appear  to  present  much  of  a  threat  to  the  security  of  your  home  if  it  is  compromised  by  an  outside  party.  but  if  it  can  act  as  a  gateway  to  more  important  devices  on
__label__situationalsurveillance your  network  it  might  actually  represent  your  most  significant  security  vulnerability.  of  course,  the  stakes  are  exponentially  higher  for  industrial  iot  iiot.  from  global  manufacturing  operations  to  national  power  generation  and  distribution  infrastructures,  connected  devices  can  dramatically  increase  operational  risk.  the  recent  revelation  that  russian  dramatically  underscores  the  need  for  extreme  vigilance.  fortunately,  cybersecurity  remains  top  of  mind  for  companies  dabbling  with  iot  and  iiot  or  considering  such  a  move.  a  recent  survey  by  found  that  security  continues  to  be  a  major  concern  for  it  professionals  when  deploying  iot  projects  within  their  organizations.  the  firm  surveyed  more  than  600  it
__label__situationalsurveillance decisionmakers  worldwide  online  and  supplemented  its  research  with  indepth  phonebased  interviews.  when  asked  to  rank  which  technologies  or  processes  their  organizations  considered  for  current  or  planned  iot  initiatives,  55  of  the  survey  respondents  ranked  iot  security  as  their  top  priority.  enterprises  value  security  capabilities  as  the  number  one  reason  for  choosing  a  commercial  iot  platform,  with  58  of  survey  respondents  ranking  it  the  top  attribute  in  choosing  a  vendor  partner.  the  nature  of  iot  deployments  make  them  particularly  difficult  to  secure  against  cyber  threats,  the  report  says.  as  industrial  equipment  is  increasingly  connected  to  the  internet  for  data  collection  and
__label__situationalsurveillance analysis,  enterprises  open  themselves  up  to  the  sophisticated  world  of  security  intrusions.  according  to  451  research  analysts,  some  business  leaders  have  stayed  on  the  sidelines  of  iot  because  they  think  the  risks  are  still  too  high  against  potential  returns.  but  for  those  that  do  initiate  iot  projects,  security  must  be  a  top  priority.  to  ensure  strong  security  for  iot  and  iiot,  organizations  would  be  wise  to  implement  several  best  practices,  as  recommended  by  .  one  is  to  secure  the  devices  themselves.  some  devices  or  pieces  of  equipment  might  operate  continuously  unattended,  and  therefore  not  subject  to  the  security  implied  by
__label__situationalsurveillance frequent,  direct  observation.  making  these  devices  tamperproof  or  tamperevident  might  be  advantageous  because  this  type  of  endpoint  hardening  can  help  block  potential  intruders  from  reaching  data,  the  report  says.  it  might  also  defend  against  a  hacker  or  other  cybercriminal  buying  and  then  weaponizing  devices.  as  a  best  practice,  secure  endpoint  hardening  likely  means  deploying  a  layered  approach  that  requires  attackers  to  circumvent  multiple  obstacles  designed  to  protect  the  device  and  its  data  from  unauthorized  access  and  use.  companies  should  protect  known  vulnerabilities,  such  as  open  tcp/udp  ports,  open  serial  ports,  open  password  prompts,  places  to  inject  code  such  as  web
__label__situationalsurveillance servers,  unencrypted  communications,  and  radio  connections.  another  good  practice  to  protect  devices  is  to  upgrade  them  or  deploy  security  patches  as  needed.  but  keep  in  mind  that  many  device  vendors  are  not  focused  on  security  when  building  and  selling  devices.  as  the  study  notes,  many  iot  devices  are  unpatchable,  and  as  such,  cannot  be  made  secure.  before  investing  in  devices  that  will  be  connected  via  iiot,  evaluate  the  security  capabilities  of  the  devices,  and  ensure  that  the  vendors  have  subjected  devices  to  thorough  testing  for  security.  it  is  also  critical  to  carefully  manage  the  identities  of  iot  devices  to  ensure
__label__situationalsurveillance trust  when  devices  attempt  to  attach  to  a  network  or  service.  public  key  infrastructure  pki  and  digital  certificates  provide  a  secure  underpinning  for  device  identity  and  trust.  in  addition  to  devices,  companies  need  to  ensure  that  the  networks  they  use  for  iot  and  iiot  are  secure.  this  includes  the  use  of  strong  user  authentication  and  access  control  mechanisms  to  make  sure  only  authorized  users  can  gain  access  to  networks  and  data.  passwords  must  be  sophisticated  enough  to  resist  educated  guessing  and  socalled  brute  force  methods,  ieee  notes.  wherever  possible  organizations  should  use  twofactor  authentication  2fa,  which  requires  users  to  enter
__label__situationalsurveillance a  password  as  well  as  use  another  authentication  factor  such  as  a  random  code  generated  via  sms  text  messaging.  for  iot  applications,  its  a  good  idea  to  use  contextaware  authentication  or  adaptive  authentication.  this  involves  the  use  of  contextual  information  and  machinelearning  algorithms  to  constantly  evaluate  risks  without  impacting  the  users  experience.  the  use  of  strong  encryption  to  secure  protocols  is  another  good  network  security  practices.  any  communications  between  devices  can  potentially  be  hacked,  and  both  iot  and  iiot  involve  a  multitude  of  network  protocols  used  at  various  layers.  the  use  of  both  network  layer  and  transport  layer  encryption  can
__label__situationalsurveillance provide  multiple  obstacles  to  networkbased  attacks.  companies  also  need  to  secure  the  iot  and  iiot  data  itself.  many  connected  devices  will  be  storing  and  transmitting  sensitive,  personally  identifiable  information,  and  this  data  needs  to  be  strongly  protected.  companies  that  fail  to  protect  this  data  may  not  only  face  adverse  business  impact,  but  also  regulatory  penalties.  application  and  user  data  should  be  encrypted  both  inflight  and  atrest.  good  security  also  means  having  strong  security  operations  policies  in  place  as  well  as  comprehensive  training  programs  for  anyone  who  is  or  will  be  involved  in  the  iot/iiot  environment.  granular  audit  trails,  endpoint  anomaly
__label__situationalsurveillance detection,  and  a  responsive  forensic  security  capability  are  also  critical  elements  to  ensuring  that  any  breach  is  detected,  and  effective  and  timely  remedial  steps  are  taken  before  contagion  spreads.  much  of  this  may  seem  like  common  sense  cyber  security  protocol,  but  many  organizations  lack  the  resources  and  discipline  to  implement  these  measures  effectively.  given  the  massive  scope  and  breadth  of  these  highly  connected  infrastructures,  organizations  will  need  to  bring  their  security  programs  to  a  whole  new  level  in  order  to  prepare  to  reap  the  benefits  of  the  iot.  dean  hamilton  is  an  engineer,  serial  entrepreneur  and  technology  executive  with  over
__label__situationalsurveillance thinkstock  /  istock  /  aetb  casual  iot  is  infiltrating  office  buildings  and  businesses  everywhere.  smart  tvs,  wearables,  smart  speakers,  connected  printers  and  even  consumergrade  security  cameras  are  now  deployed  in  the  enterprise.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated
__label__situationalsurveillance to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech
__label__situationalsurveillance coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__situationalsurveillance aws  iot  device  defender  is  a  security  service  that  allows  you  to  audit  the  configuration  of  your  devices,  monitor  connected  devices  to  detect  abnormal  behavior,  and  mitigate  security  risks.  it  gives  you  the  ability  to  enforce  consistent  security  policies  across  your  aws  iot  device  fleet  and  respond  quickly  when  devices  are  compromised.  iot  fleets  can  consist  of  large  numbers  of  devices  that  have  diverse  capabilities,  are  longlived,  and  are  geographically  distributed.  these  characteristics  make  fleet  setup  complex  and  errorprone.  and  because  devices  are  often  constrained  in  computational  power,  memory,  and  storage  capabilities,  this  limits  the  use  of  encryption  and  other
__label__situationalsurveillance forms  of  security  on  the  devices  themselves.  also,  devices  often  use  software  with  known  vulnerabilities.  these  factors  make  iot  fleets  an  attractive  target  for  hackers  and  make  it  difficult  to  secure  your  device  fleet  on  an  ongoing  basis.  aws  iot  device  defender  addresses  these  challenges  by  providing  tools  to  identify  security  issues  and  deviations  from  best  practices.  aws  iot  device  defender  can  audit  device  fleets  to  ensure  they  adhere  to  security  best  practices  and  detect  abnormal  behavior  on  devices.  note  aws  iot  device  defender  is  not  available  in  the  china  beijing  region.  to  use  the  aws  documentation,  javascript  must  be
__label__situationalsurveillance contents  by  2020,  it  is  estimated  that  the  number  of  connected  devices  is  expected  to  grow  exponentially  to  50  billion.  the  main  driver  for  this  growth  is  not  human  population;  rather,  the  fact  that  devices  we  use  every  day  e.g.,  refrigerators,  cars,  fans,  lights  and  operational  technologies  such  as  those  found  on  the  factory  floor  are  becoming  connected  entities  across  the  globe.  this  world  of  interconnected  things  where  the  humans  are  interacting  with  the  machines  and  machines  are  talking  with  other  machines  m2m  is  here  and  it  is  here  to  stay.  the  internet  of  things  iot  can  be  defined  as
__label__situationalsurveillance a  pervasive  and  ubiquitous  network  which  enables  monitoring  and  control  of  the  physical  environment  by  collecting,  processing,  and  analyzing  the  data  generated  by  sensors  or  smart  objects.  the  concepts  and  technologies  that  have  led  to  the  iot,  or  the  interconnectivity  of  realworld  objects,  have  existed  for  some  time.  many  people  have  referred  to  machinetomachine  m2m  communications  and  iot  interchangeably  and  consider  them  one  and  the  same.  in  reality,  m2m  can  be  viewed  as  a  subset  of  the  iot.  the  iot  is  a  more  encompassing  phenomenon,  which  includes  machinetohuman  communication  m2h,  radio  frequency  identification  rfid,  locationbased  services  lbs,  labonachip  loc  sensors,
__label__situationalsurveillance augmented  reality  ar,  robotics  and  vehicle  telematics.  many  of  these  technologies  are  the  result  of  developments  in  military  and  industrial  supply  chain  applications;  their  common  feature  is  to  combine  embedded  sensory  objects  with  communication  intelligence,  running  data  over  a  mix  of  wired  and  wireless  networks.  in  a  broader  context,  the  architecture  encompasses  the  internet  of  things  plus  business  engineering  insights  captured  from  the  information  transmitted  by  these  socalled  smart  objects.  the  focus  and  scope  of  this  paper  is  solely  on  the  security  aspects  of  the  internet  of  things.  the  capability  of  embedded  and  distributed  intelligence  in  the  network  is  a
__label__situationalsurveillance core  architectural  component  of  the  iot  for  three  main  reasons:  data  collection:  network  resource  preservation:  closed  loop  functioning:  this  distributed  intelligence  capability  is  known  as  fog  computing,  an  architecture  specifically  designed  to  process  data  and  events  from  iot  devices  closer  to  the  source  as  opposed  to  a  central  data  center  also  known  as  cloud.  in  summary,  fog  computing  is  an  expansion  of  the  cloud  paradigm.  it  is  similar  to  cloud  computing  but  closer  to  the  ground.  the  fog  computing  architecture  extends  the  cloud  out  into  the  physical  world  of  things.  service  management  systems  sms  also  known  as  management  systems,  network
__label__situationalsurveillance management  systems,  or  backend  systems  are  the  brains  within  an  iot  architecture.  sms  interacts  with  intelligent  databases  that  contain  intellectual  capital  information,  contract  information,  policy  information,  manufacturing  and  historical  data.  sms  also  support  image  recognition  technologies  to  identify  objects,  people,  buildings,  places,  logos,  and  anything  else  that  have  value  to  consumers  and  enterprises.  smartphones  and  tablets  equipped  with  cameras  have  pushed  this  technology  from  mainly  industrial  applications  to  broad  consumer  and  enterprise  applications.  the  types  of  data  these  systems  support  and  maintain  continue  to  evolve.  an  important  inflection  point  occurred  in  2008,  when  the  number  of  things  connected  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance internet  surpassed  the  human  population.  the  adoption  rate  of  the  iot  is  trending  to  be  at  least  five  times  faster  than  the  adoption  of  electricity  and  telephony,  shown  in  figure  1.  this  equates  to  about  six  things  for  every  person  on  earth.  a  interesting  trend  contributing  to  the  growth  of  the  iot  is  the  shift  from  the  consumerbased  ipv4  internet  of  tablets  and  laptops,  that  is,  information  technology  it,  to  an  operational  technology  otbased  ipv6  internet  of  machinetomachine  interactions.  this  includes  sensors,  smart  objects  and  clustered  systems  for  example,  smart  grid.  figure  1.  iot  growth  from  a  technology  perspective,  there
__label__situationalsurveillance are  three  main  drivers  that  contribute  to  the  growth  of  the  iot:  ubiquitous  computing:  ubiquitous  use  of  ip:  ubiquitous  connectivity:  essentially,  the  enhancements  and  progress  in  these  technologies  have  allowed  the  development  of  iot  devices  such  as  sensors  that  have  compute,  storage  and  network  capabilities  built  into  extremely  small  form  factors  with  low  energy  requirements.  researchers  and  early  adopters  have  been  further  encouraged  by  advancements  in  wireless  technologies,  including  radio  and  satellite;  miniaturization  of  devices  and  industrialization;  and  increasing  bandwidth,  computing,  and  storage  power.  all  of  this  provides  an  opportunity  to  reduce  management  and  operational  costs  by  converting  these  systems
__label__situationalsurveillance from  the  legacy  platforms,  such  as  modbus  or  other  serial  communication  protocols,  to  an  ipenabled  infrastructure.  as  shown  in  figure  2,  many  protocols  have  been  developed  at  all  layers  of  the  international  organization  for  standardization  iso  stack  to  enable  the  operation  of  iot  devices.  from  messaging  protocols  such  as  the  constrained  application  protocol  coap,  to  highly  extensible  routing  protocols  such  as  the  routing  protocol  for  lowpower  and  lossy  networks  rpl.  the  important  thing  to  understand  about  these  protocols  is  that  they  have  been  designed  with  energy  preservation  in  mind,  along  with  low  compute  and  memory  requirements.  the  ipv6  internet  is
__label__situationalsurveillance one  of  the  most  important  enablers  of  the  iot  as  it  is  not  possible  to  add  billions  of  devices  to  the  ipv4  internet.  it  follows  that  the  security  considerations  and  implications  of  ipv6  are  fundamental  to  securing  the  iot.  figure  2.  samples  of  iot  protocols  in  many  cases,  a  major  disruption  of  the  traditional  model  brings  its  own  set  of  challenges.  the  following  lists  some  security  challenges  and  considerations  in  designing  and  building  iot  devices  or  systems:  the  iot  entities  will  generally  not  be  a  singleuse,  singleownership  solution.  the  devices  and  the  control  platform  on  which  data  may  be  consumed
__label__situationalsurveillance and  shared  could  have  different  ownership,  policy,  managerial  and  connectivity  domains.  consequently,  devices  will  be  required  to  have  equal  and  open  access  to  a  number  of  data  consumers  and  controllers  concurrently,  while  still  retaining  privacy  and  exclusivity  of  data  where  that  is  required  between  those  consumers.  information  availability  while  providing  data  isolation  between  common  customers  is  critical.  we  must  establish  the  appropriate  identity  controls  and  build  trust  relationships  between  entities  to  share  the  right  information.  there  are  seemingly  competing,  complex  security  requirements  to  be  deployed  on  a  platform  with  potentially  limited  resources:  these  issues  have  particular  relevance  in  the  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance where  secure  availability  of  data  is  of  paramount  importance.  for  example,  a  critical  industrial  process  may  rely  on  accurate  and  timely  temperature  measurement.  if  that  endpoint  is  undergoing  a  denial  of  service  dos  attack,  the  process  collection  agent  must  somehow  be  made  aware.  in  such  an  event,  the  system  should  be  able  take  appropriate  actions  in  realtime,  such  as  sourcing  data  from  a  secondary  connection,  or  delay  the  information  transmission.  it  must  also  be  able  to  distinguish  between  lossofdata  due  to  an  ongoing  dos  attack  and  loss  of  the  device  due  to  a  catastrophic  event  in  the  plant.  it  might
__label__situationalsurveillance accomplish  this  by  using  learning  machine  techniques  for  example,  comparing  a  normal  operational  state  to  an  attack  state  previously  learned.  while  many  existing  security  technologies  and  solutions  can  be  leveraged  in  a  network  architecture,  especially  across  the  core  and  data  center  cloud  layers,  there  are  unique  challenges  in  the  iot  space.  the  nature  of  the  endpoints  and  the  sheer  scale  of  aggregation  require  special  attention  in  the  overall  architecture  to  accommodate  these  challenges.  the  cisco  iot/m2m  architecture  is  composed  of  four  layers,  some  are  similar  to  those  described  in  conventional  cisco  network  architectures.  figure  3.  iot/m2m  network  architecture  layers  as
__label__situationalsurveillance shown  in  figure  3,  the  first  layer  of  the  iot/m2m  architecture  is  comprised  of  embedded  systems,  sensors  and  actuators.  as  such,  these  are  small  devices,  with  varying  operating  systems,  cpu  types,  memory,  etc.  many  of  these  entities  are  expected  to  be  inexpensive,  singlefunction  devices  with  rudimentary  network  connectivity,  such  as  a  temperature  or  pressure  sensor.  in  addition,  these  devices  could  be  in  remote  and/or  inaccessible  locations  where  human  intervention  or  configuration  is  almost  impossible.  since  the  nature  of  sensors  is  such  that  they  are  embedded  in  what  they  are  sensingone  can  envisage  a  new  workplace,  hospital,  or  school  construction  project
__label__situationalsurveillance where  these  sensors  are  introduced  during  the  construction  phase  to  collect  and  monitor  data  and  events.  secondary  links  will  help  in  cases  where  the  connectivity  is  lost  after  the  installation  teams  have  left  the  site.  additionally,  methods  must  be  taken  to  ensure  that  the  authenticity  of  the  data,  the  path  from  the  sensor  to  the  collector  and  the  connectivity  authentication  parameters  between  the  initial  installation/configuration  of  the  device,  and  its  eventual  presence  on  the  iot  infrastructure  cannot  be  compromised.  the  variability  in  the  capabilities  of  endpoint  devices,  and  their  potentially  enormous  numbers  highlight  the  importance  of  the  multiservice  edge  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  iot/m2m  architecture.  the  multiservice  edge  is  multimodal  and  supports  both  wired  and  wireless  connectivity.  even  within  those  two  categories,  this  layer  must  support  many  different  protocols,  such  as  zigbee,  ieee  802.11,  3g  and  4g,  to  accommodate  a  variety  of  endpoints.  in  some  cases,  the  protocols  used  by  endpoint  devices  may  not  even  have  any  inherent  security  capabilities  at  all.  it  is  imperative  for  security  services  to  protect  these  inherently  insecure  endpoints.  additionally,  this  layer  must  be  modular  to  scale  to  meet  growth  requirements.  the  components  and  services  offered  within  one  module  should  be  similar  so  that  additional  modules  can
__label__situationalsurveillance be  added  in  a  short  span  of  time.  the  architecture  of  the  core  network  layer  is  similar  to  the  architecture  deployed  in  conventional  networks.  the  function  of  this  layer  is  to  provide  paths  to  carry  and  exchange  data  and  network  information  between  multiple  subnetworks.  the  main  differentiator  between  iot  and  conventional  core  layers  is  traffic  profile.  the  iot  traffic  and  data  may  be  different,  for  example,  unique  protocols  and  variable  packet  size.  security  services  at  the  core  network  ensure  that  the  iot/m2m  system  as  a  whole,  and  has  been  hardened  to  protect  against  threats  such  as  the  following:  the  architecture
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  data  center/cloud  network  layer  again  is  similar  to  the  architectures  that  are  deployed  in  conventional  networks.  the  function  of  this  layer  is  to  host  applications  that  are  critical  in  providing  services  and  to  manage  the  endtoend  iot  architecture.  again,  security  services  in  the  data  center/cloud  network  are  critical  in  ensuring  that  the  iot/m2m  system  as  a  whole  has  been  hardened  to  protect  against  threats  such  as  the  following:  the  threats  in  these  layers,  whether  dos,  transaction  replays,  or  compromised  systems  typically  can  be  addressed  through  established  cryptographic  mechanisms,  provisioning  of  strong  identities  with  credentials  to  allow  them  to
__label__situationalsurveillance authenticate  into  the  network,  and  with  strong  policies  to  affect  the  appropriate  access  controls.  ipv6,  a  foundation  of  the  iot,  is  subject  to  the  same  attack  threats  as  ipv4,  such  as  smurfing,  reconnaissance,  spoofing,  fragmentation  attacks,  sniffing,  neighbor  discovery  attacks,  rogue  devices,  maninthemiddle  attacks,  and  others.  therefore,  in  the  core  of  the  network  it  requires  the  same  security  treatments  that  exist  today  for  ipv4.  however,  the  iot  opens  a  completely  new  dimension  to  security.  the  iot  is  where  the  internet  meets  the  physical  world.  this  has  some  serious  implications  on  security  as  the  attack  threat  moves  from  manipulating  information  to
__label__situationalsurveillance controlling  actuation  in  other  words,  moving  from  the  digital  to  the  physical  world.  consequently,  it  drastically  expands  the  attack  surface  from  known  threats  and  known  devices,  to  additional  security  threats  of  new  devices,  protocols,  and  workflows.  many  operational  systems  are  moving  from  closed  systems  e.g.,  scada,  modbus,  cip  into  ipbased  systems  which  further  expands  the  attack  surface  the  iot  can  be  affected  by  various  categories  of  security  threats  including  the  following:  as  the  applications  of  the  iot/m2m  affect  our  daily  lives,  whether  it  is  in  the  industrial  control,  transportation,  smartgrid  or  healthcare  verticals,  it  becomes  imperative  to  ensure  a  secure
__label__situationalsurveillance iot/m2m  system.  with  continued  adoption  of  ip  networks,  iot/m2m  applications  have  already  become  a  target  for  attacks  that  will  continue  to  grow  in  both  magnitude  and  sophistication.  the  scale  and  context  of  the  iot/m2m  make  it  a  compelling  target  for  those  who  would  do  harm  to  companies,  organizations,  nations,  and  more  importantly  people.  the  targets  are  abundant  and  cover  many  different  industry  segments.  the  potential  impact  could  span  from  minor  irritant  to  grave  and  significant  damage  to  the  infrastructure  and  loss  of  life.  although  the  threats  in  the  iot  environment  might  be  similar  to  those  in  the  traditional  it  environments,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  overall  impact  could  be  significantly  different.  that  is  why  there  are  several  efforts  in  the  community  to  focus  on  threat  analysis  and  risk  assessments  to  gauge  the  impact  if  a  security  incident  or  a  breach  occurs  one  of  the  fundamental  elements  in  securing  an  iot  infrastructure  is  around  device  identity  and  mechanisms  to  authenticate  it.  as  mentioned  earlier,  many  iot  devices  may  not  have  the  required  compute  power,  memory  or  storage  to  support  the  current  authentication  protocols.  todays  strong  encryption  and  authentication  schemes  are  based  on  cryptographic  suites  such  as  advanced  encryption  suite  aes  for  confidential  data  transport,  rivestshamiradleman
__label__situationalsurveillance rsa  for  digital  signatures  and  key  transport  and  diffiehellman  dh  for  key  negotiations  and  management.  while  the  protocols  are  robust,  they  require  high  compute  platform  a  resource  that  may  not  exist  in  all  iotattached  devices.  consequently,  authentication  and  authorization  will  require  appropriate  reengineering  to  accommodate  our  new  iot  connected  world.  secondly,  these  authentication  and  authorization  protocols  also  require  a  degree  of  userintervention  in  terms  of  configuration  and  provisioning.  however,  many  iot  devices  will  have  limited  access,  thus  requiring  initial  configuration  to  be  protected  from  tampering,  theft  and  other  forms  of  compromise  throughout  its  usable  life,  which  in  many  cases  could
__label__situationalsurveillance be  years.  in  order  to  overcome  these  issues,  new  authentication  schemes  that  can  be  built  using  the  experience  of  todays  strong  encryption/authentication  algorithms  are  required.  the  good  news  is  that  new  technologies  and  algorithms  are  being  worked  on.  for  example,  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  nist  has  recently  chosen  the  compact  sha3  as  the  new  algorithm  for  the  socalled  embedded  or  smart  devices  that  connect  to  electronic  networks  but  are  not  themselves  fullfledged  computers  .  other  elements  in  security  that  could  be  considered  include  the  following:  many  of  the  security  considerations  for  iot  protocols  rely  on  encryption.  as
__label__situationalsurveillance new  workflows  emerge  for  sensors  and  elements  connected  to  the  internet,  a  disparity  in  time  horizons  creates  an  additional  gap:  devices  might  outlive  the  encryption  effectiveness.  for  example,  a  power  meter  in  a  home  may  last  fifty  years,  where  as  the  encryption  protocol  might  survive  half  of  that  time  before  it  is  compromised.  lastly,  the  communication  and  the  data  transport  channels  should  be  secured  to  allow  devices  to  send  and  collect  data  to  and  from  the  agents  and  the  data  collection  systems.  while  not  all  iot  endpoints  may  have  bidirectional  communications,  leveraging  sms  automatically  or  via  a  network  administrator  allows
__label__situationalsurveillance secure  communication  with  the  device  when  an  action  needs  to  be  taken.  preservation  of  privacy  has  been  a  concern  since  the  dawn  of  the  internet.  iot  will  exacerbate  the  problem  because  many  applications  generate  traceable  signatures  of  the  location  and  behavior  of  the  individuals.  privacy  issues  are  particularly  relevant  in  healthcare,  and  there  are  many  interesting  healthcare  applications  that  fall  within  the  realm  of  iot.  we  can  cite  among  others  the  tracking  of  medical  equipment  in  a  hospital,  the  monitoring  of  vital  statistics  for  patients  at  home  or  in  an  assisted  living  facility.  in  this  environment,  it  is  essential  to
__label__situationalsurveillance verify  device  ownership  and  the  owners  identity  while  decoupling  the  device  from  the  owner.  shadowing  is  a  mechanism  that  has  been  proposed  to  achieve  this.  in  essence,  digital  shadows  enable  the  users  objects  to  act  on  her  behalf,  storing  just  a  virtual  identity  that  contains  information  about  her  attributes.  identity  management  in  the  iot  may  offer  new  opportunities  to  increase  security  by  combining  diverse  authentication  methods  for  humans  and  machines.  for  example,  bioidentification  combined  with  an  object  within  the  personal  network  could  be  used  to  open  a  door.  privacy  and  compliance  are  intertwined  and  are  under  the  purview  of  country
__label__situationalsurveillance regulation.  as  the  technology  is  evolving  so  quickly,  the  consumer  must  be  cognizant  of  how  these  issues  apply  to  his  or  her  daily  life.  to  address  the  highly  diverse  iot  environment  and  the  related  security  challenges,  a  flexible  security  framework  is  required.  figure  4  illustrates  the  security  environment  from  an  iot  perspective.  figure  4.  iot  security  environment  figure  5  shows  a  framework  to  secure  the  iot  environment  and  is  comprised  of  four  components:  figure  5.  secure  iot  framework  at  the  heart  of  this  framework  is  the  authentication  layer,  used  to  provide  and  verify  the  identify  information  of  an  iot  entity.
__label__situationalsurveillance when  connected  iot/m2m  devices  e.g.,  embedded  sensors  and  actuators  or  endpoints  need  access  to  the  iot  infrastructure,  the  trust  relationship  is  initiated  based  on  the  identity  of  the  device.  the  way  to  store  and  present  identity  information  may  be  substantially  different  for  the  iot  devices.  note  that  in  typical  enterprise  networks,  the  endpoints  may  be  identified  by  a  human  credential  e.g.,  username  and  password,  token  or  biometrics.  the  iot/m2m  endpoints  must  be  fingerprinted  by  means  that  do  not  require  human  interaction.  such  identifiers  include  radiofrequency  identification  rfid,  shared  secret,  x.509  certificates,  the  mac  address  of  the  endpoint,  or  some  type
__label__situationalsurveillance of  immutable  hardware  based  root  of  trust.  establishing  identity  through  x.509  certificates  provides  a  strong  authentication  system.  however,  in  the  iot  domain,  many  devices  may  not  have  enough  memory  to  store  a  certificate  or  may  not  even  have  the  required  cpu  power  to  execute  the  cryptographic  operations  of  validating  the  x.509  certificates  or  any  type  of  public  key  operation.  existing  identity  footprints  such  as  802.1ar  and  authentication  protocols  as  defined  by  ieee  802.1x  can  be  leveraged  for  those  devices  that  can  manage  both  the  cpu  load  and  memory  to  store  strong  credentials.  however,  the  challenges  of  the  new  form  factors,
__label__situationalsurveillance as  well  as  new  modalities,  create  the  opportunity  for  further  research  in  defining  smaller  footprint  credential  types  and  less  computeintensive  cryptographic  constructs  and  authentication  protocols.  the  second  layer  of  this  framework  is  authorization  that  controls  a  devices  access  throughout  the  network  fabric.  this  layer  builds  upon  the  core  authentication  layer  by  leveraging  the  identity  information  of  an  entity.  with  authentication  and  authorization  components,  a  trust  relationship  is  established  between  iot  devices  to  exchange  appropriate  information.  for  example,  a  car  may  establish  a  trust  alliance  with  another  car  from  the  same  vendor.  that  trust  relationship,  however,  may  only  allow  cars  to
__label__situationalsurveillance exchange  their  safety  capabilities.  when  a  trusted  alliance  is  established  between  the  same  car  and  its  dealers  network,  the  car  may  be  allowed  to  share  additional  information  such  as  its  odometer  reading,  last  maintenance  record,  etc.  fortunately,  current  policy  mechanisms  to  both  manage  and  control  access  to  consumer  and  enterprise  networks  map  extremely  well  to  the  iot/m2m  needs.  the  big  challenge  will  be  to  build  an  architecture  that  can  scale  to  handle  billions  of  iot/m2m  devices  with  varying  trust  relationships  in  the  fabric.  traffic  policies  and  appropriate  controls  will  be  applied  throughout  the  network  to  segment  data  traffic  and  establish
__label__situationalsurveillance endtoend  communication.  this  layer  encompasses  all  elements  that  route  and  transport  endpoint  traffic  securely  over  the  infrastructure,  whether  control,  management  or  actual  data  traffic.  like  the  authorization  layer,  there  are  already  established  protocols  and  mechanisms  to  secure  the  network  infrastructure  and  affect  policy  that  are  well  suited  to  the  iot/m2m  use  cases.  this  secure  analytics  layer  defines  the  services  by  which  all  elements  endpoints  and  network  infrastructure,  inclusive  of  data  centers  may  participate  to  provide  telemetry  for  the  purpose  of  gaining  visibility  and  eventually  controlling  the  iot/m2m  ecosystem.  with  the  maturity  of  big  data  systems,  we  can  deploy  a  massive
__label__situationalsurveillance parallel  database  mpp  platform  that  can  process  large  volumes  of  data  in  near  real  time.  when  we  combine  this  technology  with  analytics,  we  can  do  some  real  statistical  analysis  on  the  security  data  to  pick  out  anomalies.  further,  it  includes  all  elements  that  aggregate  and  correlate  the  information,  including  telemetry,  to  provide  reconnaissance  and  threat  detection.  threat  mitigation  could  vary  from  automatically  shutting  down  the  attacker  from  accessing  further  resources  to  running  specialized  scripts  to  initiate  proper  remediation.  the  data,  generated  by  the  iot  devices,  is  only  valuable  if  the  right  analytics  algorithms  or  other  security  intelligence  processes  are  defined
__label__situationalsurveillance to  identify  the  threat.  we  can  get  better  analytical  outcome  by  collecting  data  from  multiple  sources  and  applying  security  profiles  and  statistical  models  that  are  built  upon  various  layers  of  security  algorithms.  we  all  know  that  network  infrastructures  are  becoming  more  complex.  imagine  topologies  with  both  public  and  private  clouds;  the  threat  intelligence  and  defense  capabilities  must  also  be  cloudbased.  orchestration  of  the  visibility,  context  and  control  is  required  to  drive  accurate  intelligence.  the  components  within  this  layer  include  the  following:  while  the  actual  iot/m2m  implementations  may  be  different,  the  framework  can  be  applied  to  any  architecture.  the  framework  is
__label__situationalsurveillance simple  and  flexible  enough  to  service  manned  devices  as  well  e.g.,  laptops,  handheld  scanners,  etc.  if  they  reside  in  the  iot  infrastructure.  can  you  have  an  architecture  that  provides  100  percent  protection  from  threats  by  leveraging  this  framework?  unfortunately,  that  silver  bullet  does  not  exist,  at  least  not  yet.  however,  we  do  believe  that  big  data  and  analytics  platforms  will  play  a  key  role.  security  threats  are  continuously  emerging  and  require  us  to  develop  an  architecture  that  can  defend  itself  against  those  threats.  this  security  framework  provides  the  foundation  from  which  appropriate  security  services  can  be  selected.  as  specific  contexts
__label__situationalsurveillance and  verticals  are  considered,  gaps  can  also  be  identified  and  addressed.  while  the  security  implications  for  iot/m2m  constructs  are  vast,  deconstructing  a  viable  iot/m2m  security  framework  can  be  the  foundation  to  the  execution  of  security  in  production  environments.  the  authors  have  proposed  such  a  framework  that  may  be  used  in  protocol  and  product  development,  in  addition  to,  policy  enforcement  in  operational  environments.  the  authors  have  also  shown  how  the  problem  of  securing  the  iot  is  much  more  than  ipv6  security.  the  iot  industry  is  still  evolving,  and  there  is  large  potential  for  zeroday  attacks.  this  offers  an  opportunity  to  drive
__label__situationalsurveillance the  security  at  the  appropriate  layer.  the  embedded  endpoint  layer  is  comprised  of  highly  constrained  devices,  and  so  far,  has  limited  the  growth  of  malware  to  this  layer.  the  growth  of  ipbased  sensors  corresponds  to  attack  surface  growth.  this  highlights  the  fact  that  new  security  protocols  and  identification  techniques  are  required,  and  iot  endpoint  security  needs  to  correlate  to  its  enhanced  capabilities.  clearly,  iot  presents  new  challenges  to  network  and  security  architects.  smarter  security  systems  that  include  managed  threat  detection,  anomaly  detection,  and  predictive  analysis  need  to  evolve.  in  addition,  we  have  offered  a  point  of  view  on  privacy  and
__label__situationalsurveillance its  implications  to  security  and  regulatory  compliance.  jazib  frahim  jfrahimcisco.com  principle  engineer  carlos  pignataro  cpignatacisco.com  distinguished  engineer  jeff  apcar  japcarcisco.com  distinguished  engineer  monique  morrow  mmorrowcisco.com  ctoevangelistnew  frontiers  1  computerworld,  siemens:  stuxnet  worm  hit  industrial  systems,  september  16,  2010.  2  steven  cherry  with  ralph  langner,  how  stuxnet  is  rewriting  the  cyberterrorism  playbook,  october  2010,  ieee  spectrum.  3  duqu:  a  stuxnetlike  malware  found  in  the  wild,  technical  report,  october  14,  2011,  laboratory  of  cryptography  of  systems  security  4  etsi  tr103  167  v0.3.1  machine  to  machine  communications  m2m;  threat  analysis  and  countermeasures  to  m2m  service  layer,  2011.  5  nist  selects  winner  of  secure
__label__situationalsurveillance hash  algorithm  sha3  competition,  october  2,  2012,  http://www.nist.gov/itl/csd/sha100212.cfm.  6  delay  tolerant  networking  research  group:  http://www.dtnrg.org/wiki.  7  gont,  f.,  security  assessment  of  the  internet  protocol  version  6  ipv6,  uk  centre  for  the  protection  of  national  infrastructure.  8  source:  cisco  ibsg  projections,  un  economic  social  affairs  http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/longrange2/worldpop2300final.pdf.  9  valerie  aurora,  lifetimes  of  cryptographic  hash  functions,  2012,  http://valerieaurora.org/hash.html.  this  document  is  provided  on  an  as  is  basis  and  does  not  imply  any  kind  of  guarantee  or  warranty,  including  the  warranties  of  merchantability  or  fitness  for  a  particular  use.  your  use  of  the  information  on  the  document  or  materials  linked  from  the  document  is
__label__situationalsurveillance at  your  own  risk.  cisco  reserves  the  right  to  change  or  update  this  document  at  any  time.  this  document  is  part  of  the  portal.  cisco  provides  the  official  information  contained  on  the  portal  in  english  only.  this  document  is  provided  on  an  as  is  basis  and  does  not  imply  any  kind  of  guarantee  or  warranty,  including  the  warranties  of  merchantability  or  fitness  for  a  particular  use.  your  use  of  the  information  in  the  document  or  materials  linked  from  the  document  is  at  your  own  risk.  cisco  reserves  the  right  to  change  or  update  this  document  without  notice  at  any  time.
__label__situationalsurveillance device  security  in  the  internet  of  thingsor  the  lack  of  itkeeps  me  up  at  night.  for  many  of  us  working  in  the  mobile,  embedded,  and  iot  space,  device  security  is  a  top  opportunity  challenge,  if  not  the  top  one.  iot  security  is  a  large  and  changing  topic,  but  there  is  one  small,  basic  starting  point  where  device  security  can  be  improved  during  development  and  testing:  the  user  interface.  the  ui  should  be  the  first  line  of  defense,  but  its  currently  weak  in  most  iot  devices,  even  critical  ones  such  as  medical  or  safetyrelated  systems.  in  this  article  i  am  not
__label__situationalsurveillance addressing  hardware,  firmware,  or  physical  security  design  considerations,  which  are  also  important  options  for  iot  teams.  im  just  going  to  outline  the  basic  aspects  of  ui  and  general  security  to  give  you  a  great  starting  point  for  enhancing  the  security  of  your  iot  devices.  last  year  the  security  of  iot  devices  suffered  a  large,  headlineleading  event.  the  distributed  denialofservice  ddos  attack  using  took  advantage  of  thousands  of  iot  devices,  mostly  webcams,  and  impacted  many  popular  and  large  websites.  the  attack  was  possible  because  the  hijacked  devices  were  still  using  default  vendor  passwords.  ,  a  search  engine  for  internetconnected  devices,  made
__label__situationalsurveillance it  easy  for  the  attackers  to  know  where  to  go  with  the  mirai  botnet  to  infect  and  then  use  the  unsecured  devices.  the  ease  of  the  attack  and  its  impact  made  the  news,  yet  typical  users  remain  oblivious  to  the  basic  issue  and  the  simple  actions  to  take  to  protect  their  own  devices.  i  know  this  because  i  regularly  probe  home  networks  and  devices  of  friends  and  family  as  i  travel.  most  of  my  nonit  friends  only  dimly  seem  to  understand  the  need  for  a  secure  device  setup,  or  how  to  ensure  one.  this  tells  me  that  technologies  we  build
__label__situationalsurveillance can  improve  the  ui  security  setup  process  for  iot  devices.  many  of  the  financial  and  safetycritical  systems  i  work  with  have  logic  that  forces  better  initial  security  by  strong  passwords,  multifactor  authentication,  or  even  biometrics.  users  of  these  systems,  in  many  cases,  are  not  given  a  choice  during  setup.  historically,  these  systems  had  a  learning  curve  of  security  attacks,  exposures,  and  regulations,  to  the  point  where  developers  and  testers  understood  the  need  for  better  upfront  security  protocols.  however,  as  i  use  and  test  iot  devices,  these  systems  remind  me  of  the  early  days  of  unsecured  it  and  pc  systems,  before
__label__situationalsurveillance hacking  attacks  were  part  of  our  everyday  lives.  iot  suffers  from  a  lack  of  maturity,  and  it  also  seems  that  iot  development  teams  have  not  yet  learned  valuable  security  protocols  from  other  parts  of  the  industry.  there  certainly  are  and  will  be  other  items  to  add  to  the  list  of  security  measures  as  the  iot  matures,  but  the  fact  that  many  iot  projects  are  not  yet  doing  even  simple  security  factors  says  to  me  that  the  industry  has  room  for  improvement.  these  simple  ui  security  factors  are  something  a  device  could  offer  at  system  initialization  and  setup,  and  implementation  can
__label__situationalsurveillance be  done  via  an  app,  setup  wizard,  or  other  software.  to  start,  teams  should  establish  clear  ui  security  protocols  to  aid  the  initial  setup  of  iot  devices.  protocols  should  include  online  instructions,  help  files,  wizards,  encryption,  and  data  configurations.  consider  setting  up  a  wifi  iot  camera,  where  after  turning  on  the  device  for  the  first  time,  the  user  would  be  told  why  establishing  a  secure  system  and  connection  is  important  using  a  wizard  or  help  files.  this  use  case  story  would  continue  with  requiring  a  new  password  that  must  conform  to  strong  password  rules  and  be  verified  by  the  wizard
__label__situationalsurveillance logic.  ideally  this  setup  protocol  would  be  simple  enough  that  untrained  users  could  go  through  it  quickly,  without  calls  to  a  help  desk.  an  extension  of  the  camera  story  might  include  the  ability  to  manage  multiple  cameras  within  the  setup  protocol.  iot  camera  configurations  might  have  hundreds  or  even  thousands  of  cameras  to  set  up,  and  advanced  users  may  want  to  manage  global  passwords  and  configurations  over  the  large  number  of  devices  via  a  network.  other  options  may  include  being  able  to  establish  trusted  computer  abilities  or  enforce  network  security  factors.  having  a  setup  protocol  for  advanced  users  beyond  the
__label__situationalsurveillance typical,  basic  instructions  can  become  a  marketing  advantage,  as  long  as  developers  and  testers  consider  the  risk  factors  for  the  system  and  devices.  most  network  admin  staff  regard  maintaining  network  security  with  trusted  devices  a  top  priority.  in  this  extended  example,  trusted  computing  within  a  network  would  allow  support  for  largescale  communications  within  the  secure  network.  a  trusted  iot  device  would  support  identification  and  actions  to  help  determine  if  a  device  has  been  compromised  so  that  corrective  actions  can  be  taken  by  admin.  the  example  security  use  case  story  should  extend  into  the  use  of  encryption  and  hashing  approaches  to
__label__situationalsurveillance protect  internal  and  exported  external  iot  data.  many  iot  devices  have  been  found  to  have  weak  data  security  and  privacy  protocols.  access  to  data  generated  by  iot  devices  is  one  of  the  large  selling  points  for  many  stakeholders  because  data  analytics  becomes  possible  aiding  management,  marketing,  and  development.  however,  if  the  data  cannot  be  trusted  or  is  used  by  the  bad  guys,  the  usefulness  of  the  iot  device  may  be  questioned.  finally,  extending  our  iot  camera  examples  into  the  future,  testers  should  consider  that  the  historic  use  of  graphical  uis  is  becoming  oldfashioned.  many  users  will  prefer  a  more  humanlike
__label__situationalsurveillance interaction  with  iot  devices,  such  as  the  current  interest  in  audio  uis  such  as  siri  and  alexa.  we  already  have  stories  of  such  systems  accessing  adult  materials  via  the  voice  commands  of  a  child,  which  is  not  desired  security.  a  truly  capable  security  setup  interface  would  allow  voice  commands  and  verbal  feedback  for  even  the  most  novice  user,  while  protecting  users  from  inappropriate  configurations  and  orders.  iot  teams  should  be  aware  of  the  risks  involved  in  these  examples  and  not  design  or  test  systems  to  exclude  these  current  or  advanced  ideals.  if  iot  device  projects  implement  some  of  these  ideas,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  security  target  will  be  raised,  which  will  discourage  attacks,  considering  hackers  typically  go  for  the  easy  target.  a  smart  system  setup  that  enforces  good  security  protocols  for  basic  users,  while  allowing  advanced  security  options  based  on  risks,  results  in  more  agile,  flexible,  and  secure  iot  devices.  being  a  tester  for  most  of  my  life,  i  approach  security  from  a  testing  viewpoint.  i  think  a  testers  job  is  to  provide  information  to  the  stakeholders,  which  include  developers,  managers,  customers,  and  users.  for  years  now  i  have  talked  to  mobile,  embedded,  and  now  iot  teams  about  security  topics.  device  security  is
__label__situationalsurveillance a  large  topic,  but  based  on  my  experience,  here  is  my  advice  to  iot  test  teams.  testers  should  include  riskbased  testing  concepts  in  their  test  planning  and  design.  ask  if  product  security  risks  justify  some  or  all  of  the  factors  in  the  list  above  to  be  implemented.  you  are  the  independent  technical  eyes  of  the  stakeholders,  so  do  not  be  trapped  into  thinking  that  this  device  does  not  have  security  risks  when  developers  and  managers  believe  it  has  no  risks.  for  example,  the  began  with  a  hack  to  the  hvac  system.  these  days,  hvac  systems  are  viewed  as  part  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  industrial  iot.  the  hackers  used  the  hvac  as  a  back  door  into  targets  computing  systems  and  gained  access  to  customer  and  credit  card  information.  bad  guys  use  attack  vectors  that  are  the  easiest  and  weakest  links  to  get  into  any  system.  the  iot  device  you  are  testing  may  become  such  a  back  door  into  a  more  secure  area.  testers  must  consider  more  of  the  security  factors  for  the  above  list.  this  information  is  the  kind  of  feedback  that  testers  should  provide  to  stakeholders  so  that  everyone  can  make  informed  decisions.  current  data  indicates  that  many  iot  devices  have  little,
__label__situationalsurveillance poor,  or  no  ui  security  setup  support.  iot  producers  seem  happy  in  early  adoption  to  let  the  user  have  the  responsibility  for  security.  this  reminds  me  of  the  early  days  of  pcs  and  the  web.  in  the  long  run,  the  successful  iot  producers  will  get  better  at  device  security.  a  good,  costeffective  place  for  developers  to  start  is  the  ui  at  initial  startup.  think  about  it.  jon  hagar  is  an  old  retired  and  disrespected  because  he  works  on  things  like  standards  and  teaching  software  test  guy  of  40  years  who  is  really  a  ski  bum,  heavy  equipment  operator,  but  enjoys
__label__situationalsurveillance making  other  people  think  about  software  testing.  these  are  all  cool  jobs  if  you  can  get  them,  but  they  dont  pay  much.  through  conferences,  training,  consulting,  and  online  resources,  techwell  helps  you  develop  and  deliver  great  software  every  day.  a  celebration  of  agile  testing  automation  east  the  premier  event  for  software  testing  and  qa  professionals  the  latest  in  agile  and  devops  west  software  testing  conference  in  anaheim
__label__situationalsurveillance background  image:  istock/getty  images  iot  security  is  the  technology  area  concerned  with  safeguarding  connected  devices  and  networks  in  the  internet  of  things  .  iot  involves  adding  internet  connectivity  to  a  system  of  interrelated  computing  devices,  mechanical  and  digital  machines,  objects,  animals  and/or  people.  each  is  provided  a  and  the  ability  to  automatically  transfer  data  over  a  network.  allowing  devices  to  connect  to  the  internet  opens  them  up  to  a  number  of  serious  vulnerabilities  if  they  are  not  properly  protected.  digital  twin  tech,  or  a  virtual  representation  of  a  product,  is  a  critical  concept  in  iot  thats  still  being  sorted  out.
__label__situationalsurveillance explore  its  benefits  to  iot,  7  use  cases  and  why  its  important  for  manufacturings  future.  you  forgot  to  provide  an  email  address.  this  email  address  doesnt  appear  to  be  valid.  this  email  address  is  already  registered.  please  .  you  have  exceeded  the  maximum  character  limit.  please  provide  a  corporate  email  address.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  by  submitting  my  email  address  i  confirm  that  i  have  read  and  accepted  the  terms  of  use  and  iot  security  has  become  the  subject  of  scrutiny  after  a  number  of  highprofile
__label__situationalsurveillance incidents  where  a  common  iot  device  was  used  to  infiltrate  and  attack  the  larger  network.  implementing  security  measures  is  critical  to  ensuring  the  safety  of  networks  with  iot  devices  connected  to  them.  a  number  of  challenges  prevent  the  securing  of  iot  devices  and  ensuring  endtoend  security  in  an  iot  environment.  because  the  idea  of  networking  appliances  and  other  objects  is  relatively  new,  security  has  not  always  been  considered  top  priority  during  a  products  design  phase.  additionally,  because  iot  is  a  nascent  market,  many  product  designers  and  manufacturers  are  more  interested  in  getting  their  products  to  market  quickly,  rather  than  taking
__label__situationalsurveillance the  necessary  steps  to  build  security  in  from  the  start.  a  major  issue  cited  with  iot  security  is  the  use  of  hardcoded  or  ,  which  can  lead  to  security  breaches.  even  if  passwords  are  changed,  they  are  often  not  strong  enough  to  prevent  infiltration.  another  common  issue  facing  iot  devices  is  that  they  are  often  resourceconstrained  and  do  not  contain  the  compute  resources  necessary  to  implement  strong  security.  as  such,  many  devices  do  not  or  cannot  offer  advanced  security  features.  for  example,  sensors  that  monitor  humidity  or  temperature  cannot  handle  advanced  encryption  or  other  security  measures.  plus,  as  many  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  are  set  it  and  forget  it  placed  in  the  field  or  on  a  machine  and  left  until  end  of  life  they  hardly  ever  receive  security  updates  or  patches.  from  a  manufacturers  viewpoint,  building  security  in  from  the  start  can  be  costly,  slow  down  development  and  cause  the  device  not  to  function  as  it  should.  connecting  legacy  assets  not  inherently  designed  for  iot  connectivity  is  another  security  challenge.  replacing  legacy  infrastructure  with  connected  technology  is  costprohibitive,  so  many  assets  will  be  retrofitted  with  smart  sensors.  however,  as  legacy  assets  that  likely  have  not  been  updated  or  ever  had  security  against
__label__situationalsurveillance modern  threats,  the  attack  surface  is  expanded.  in  terms  of  updates,  many  systems  only  include  support  for  a  set  timeframe.  for  legacy  and  new  assets,  security  can  lapse  if  extra  support  is  not  added.  and  as  many  iot  devices  stay  in  the  network  for  many  years,  adding  security  can  be  challenging.  iot  security  is  also  plagued  by  a  lack  of  industryaccepted  standards.  while  many  iot  security  frameworks  exist,  there  is  no  single  agreedupon  framework.  large  companies  and  industry  organizations  may  have  their  own  specific  standards,  while  certain  segments,  such  as  industrial  iot,  have  proprietary,  incompatible  standards  from  industry  leaders.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance variety  of  these  standards  makes  it  difficult  to  not  only  secure  systems,  but  also  ensure  interoperability  between  them.  the  convergence  of  it  and  operational  technology  ot  networks  has  created  a  number  of  challenges  for  security  teams,  especially  those  tasked  with  protecting  systems  and  ensuring  endtoend  security  in  areas  outside  their  realm  of  expertise.  a  learning  curve  is  involved,  and  it  teams  with  the  proper  skill  sets  should  be  put  in  charge  of  iot  security.  organizations  must  learn  to  view  security  as  a  shared  issue,  from  manufacturer  to  service  provider  to  end  user.  manufacturers  and  service  providers  should  prioritize  the  security
__label__situationalsurveillance and  privacy  of  their  products,  and  also  provide  encryption  and  authorization  by  default,  for  example.  but  the  onus  does  not  end  there;  end  users  must  be  sure  to  take  their  own  precautions,  including  changing  passwords,  installing  patches  when  available  and  using  security  software.  security  experts  have  long  warned  of  the  potential  risk  of  large  numbers  of  unsecured  devices  connected  to  the  internet  since  the  iot  concept  first  originated  in  the  late  1990s.  a  number  of  attacks  subsequently  have  made  headlines,  from  refrigerators  and  tvs  being  used  to  send  spam  to  hackers  infiltrating  baby  monitors  and  talking  to  children.  it  is
__label__situationalsurveillance important  to  note  that  many  of  the  iot  hacks  dont  target  the  devices  themselves,  but  rather  use  iot  devices  as  an  entry  point  into  the  larger  network.  in  2010,  for  example,  researchers  revealed  that  the  virus  was  used  to  physically  damage  iranian  centrifuges,  with  attacks  starting  in  2006  but  the  primary  attack  occurring  in  2009.  often  considered  one  of  the  earliest  examples  of  an  iot  attack,  stuxnet  targets  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  systems  in  industrial  control  systems  ,  using  malware  to  infect  instructions  sent  by  programmable  logic  controllers  .  attacks  on  industrial  networks  have  only  continued,  with  malware  such
__label__situationalsurveillance as  crashoverride/industroyer,  triton  and  vpnfilter  targeting  vulnerable  ot  and  industrial  iot  systems.  in  december  2013,  a  researcher  at  enterprise  security  firm  proofpoint  inc.  discovered  the  first  .  according  to  the  researcher,  more  than  25  of  the  botnet  was  made  up  of  devices  other  than  computers,  including  smart  tvs,  baby  monitors  and  household  appliances.  in  2015,  security  researchers  charlie  miller  and  chris  valasek  executed  a  wireless  hack  on  a  jeep,  changing  the  radio  station  on  the  cars  media  center,  turning  its  windshield  wipers  and  air  conditioner  on,  and  stopping  the  accelerator  from  working.  they  said  they  could  also  kill  the  engine,
__label__situationalsurveillance engage  the  brakes  and  disable  the  brakes  altogether.  miller  and  valasek  were  able  to  infiltrate  the  cars  network  through  chryslers  invehicle  connectivity  system,  uconnect.  mirai,  one  of  the  largest  iot  botnets  to  date,  first  attacked  journalist  brian  krebs  website  and  french  web  host  ovh  in  september  2016;  the  attacks  clocked  in  at  630  gigabits  per  second  gbps  and  1.1  terabits  per  second  tbps,  respectively.  the  following  month,  domain  name  system  dns  service  provider  dyns  network  was  targeted,  making  a  number  of  websites,  including  amazon,  netflix,  twitter  and  the  new  york  times  ,  unavailable  for  hours.  the  attacks  infiltrated  the  network
__label__situationalsurveillance through  consumer  iot  devices,  including  ip  cameras  and  routers.  a  number  of  mirai  variants  have  since  emerged,  including  hajime,  hide  n  seek,  masuta,  puremasuta,  wicked  botnet  and  okiru,  among  others.  in  a  january  2017  notice,  the  food  and  drug  administration  fda  warned  the  embedded  systems  in  radio  frequencyenabled  st.  jude  medical  implantable  cardiac  devices,  including  pacemakers,  defibrillators  and  resynchronization  devices,  could  be  vulnerable  to  security  intrusions  and  attacks.  many  iot  security  frameworks  exist,  but  there  is  no  single  industryaccepted  standard  to  date.  however,  simply  adopting  an  iot  security  framework  can  help;  they  provide  tools  and  checklists  to  help  companies  creating
__label__situationalsurveillance and  deploying  iot  devices.  such  frameworks  have  been  released  by  gsm  association,  the  iot  security  foundation,  the  industrial  internet  consortium  and  others.  in  september  2015,  the  federal  bureau  of  investigation  released  a  public  service  announcement,  ,  which  warned  about  the  potential  vulnerabilities  of  iot  devices  and  offered  consumer  protection  and  defense  recommendations.  in  august  2017,  congress  introduced  the  iot  cybersecurity  improvement  act,  which  would  require  any  iot  device  sold  to  the  u.s.  government  to  not  use  default  passwords,  not  have  known  vulnerabilities  and  offer  a  mechanism  to  patch  the  devices.  while  aimed  at  those  manufacturers  creating  devices  being  sold  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  government,  it  set  a  baseline  for  security  measures  all  manufacturers  should  adopt.  also  in  august  2017,  the  developing  innovation  and  growing  the  internet  of  things  digit  act  passed  the  senate,  but  is  still  awaiting  house  approval.  this  bill  would  require  the  department  of  commerce  to  convene  a  working  group  and  create  a  report  on  iot,  including  security  and  privacy.  while  not  iotspecific,  the  general  data  protection  regulation  ,  released  in  may  2018,  unifies  data  privacy  laws  across  the  european  union.  these  protections  extend  to  iot  devices  and  their  networks  and  iot  device  makers  should  take  them  into  account.  in
__label__situationalsurveillance june  2018,  congress  introduced  the  state  of  modern  application,  research  and  trends  of  iot  act,  or  smart  iot  act,  to  propose  the  department  of  commerce  to  conduct  a  study  of  the  iot  industry  and  provide  recommendations  for  the  secure  growth  of  iot  devices.  in  september  2018,  california  state  legislature  approved  sb327  information  privacy:  connected  devices,  a  law  that  introduced  security  requirements  for  iot  devices  sold  in  the  country.  iot  security  hacks  can  happen  in  any  industry,  from  to  a  manufacturing  plant  to  a  connected  car.  the  severity  of  impact  depends  greatly  on  the  individual  system,  the  data  collected  and/or  the
__label__situationalsurveillance information  it  contains.  an  attack  disabling  the  brakes  of  a  connected  car,  for  example,  or  on  a  connected  health  device,  such  as  an  insulin  pump  hacked  to  administer  too  much  medication  to  a  patient,  can  be  lifethreatening.  likewise,  an  attack  on  a  refrigeration  system  housing  medicine  that  is  monitored  by  an  iot  system  can  ruin  the  viability  of  a  medicine  if  temperatures  fluctuate.  similarly,  an  attack  on  critical  infrastructure  an  oil  well,  energy  grid  or  water  supply  can  be  disastrous.  other  attacks,  however,  cannot  be  underestimated.  for  example,  an  attack  against  smart  door  locks  could  potentially  allow  a  burglar  to
__label__situationalsurveillance enter  a  smart  home.  or,  in  other  scenarios  such  as  the  2013  target  hack  or  other  security  breaches,  an  attacker  could  pass  malware  through  a  connected  system  an  hvac  system  in  targets  case  to  scrape  personally  identifiable  information,  wreaking  havoc  for  those  affected.  iot  security  methods  vary  depending  on  your  specific  iot  application  and  your  place  in  the  iot  ecosystem.  for  example,  iot  manufacturers  from  product  makers  to  semiconductor  companies  should  concentrate  on  building  security  in  from  the  start,  making  hardware  tamperproof,  building  secure  hardware,  ensuring  secure  upgrades,  providing  firmware  updates/patches  and  performing  dynamic  testing.  a  solution  developers  focus  should
__label__situationalsurveillance be  on  secure  software  development  and  secure  integration.  for  those  deploying  iot  systems,  hardware  security  and  authentication  are  critical  measures.  likewise,  for  operators,  keeping  systems  up  to  date,  mitigating  malware,  auditing,  protecting  infrastructure  and  safeguarding  credentials  are  key.  common  iot  security  measures  include:  with  any  iot  deployment,  it  is  critical  to  weigh  the  cost  of  security  against  the  risks  prior  to  implementation.  asks:  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent
__label__situationalsurveillance already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch
__label__situationalsurveillance up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but
__label__situationalsurveillance one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__situationalsurveillance by  2024,  were  going  to  have  more  than  22  billion  connected  devices  in  the  world.  its  a  vast  opportunity  but  it  also  brings  vast  risk.  how  do  you  keep  billions  of  devices  secure?  how  about  the  networks  they  run  on?  how  do  you  make  sure  the  data  from  all  those  devices  isnt  compromised?  iot  security  cannot  be  an  afterthought  or  an  addon.  security  must  be  built  in  from  the  beginning.  when  it  comes  to  iot,  security  requirements  are  unique.  connecting  devices  is  different  from  connecting  individual  people  and  personal  computers.  to  verify  its  identity,  an  iot  device  cant  simply  enter
__label__situationalsurveillance a  password  as  a  person  would.  similarly,  the  systems  that  run  our  pcs  are  regularly  updated,  but  iot  has  to  work  all  time.  a  reliable  infrastructure  is  a  must,  and  this  is  especially  true  for  missioncritical  applications.  3gpp  technologies  provide  this  reliability.  the  iot  expands  rapidly,  and  security  must  be  endtoend.  respecting  the  right  to  personal  data  protection  is  increasingly  difficult,  as  personal  information  can  be  drawn  from  analyzing  iot  device  data.  the  pressure  to  protect  and  anonymize  data  increases  with  the  enactment  of  europes  gdpr.  noncompliance  could  have  serious  consequences  for  the  bottom  line  of  any  company  operating  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  eu.  iot  security  management  must  be  approached  in  new  ways,  moving  from  reactive  and  manual  to  proactive  and  automated.  the  sheer  volume  of  devices  that  will  get  connected  calls  for  security  automation,  and  enhanced  security  analytics  capabilities.  to  enable  a  trusted  endtoend  iot  service,  all  devices  that  get  connected  must  be  secured.  they  should  follow  standards  from  regulatory  bodies  such  as  gsma,  ctia  and  national  regulation,  as  well  as  any  relevant  industry  standard.  ericsson  offers  comprehensive  testing  to  help  safeguard  iot  devices  from  growing  cybersecurity  threats.  with  industry  4.0  come  inherent  security  risks.  how  will  you  safeguard  your  devices,
__label__situationalsurveillance data  and  systems  from  potential  threats  as  industry  4.0  takes  hold?  security  is  the  question  on  the  minds  of  many  as  industries  move  forward  with  digitalization  to  create  value  and  boost  economic  gain.  read  our  blog  post  to  learn  more  about  boosting  iot  security.  how  do  you  keep  billions  of  devices  secure?  there  is  no  single  answer  to  that,  but  this  blog  post  looks  at  three  ways  in  which  to  increase  iot  security  and  make  it  safe  for  business.  securing  your  home,  workplace,  or  country  is  a  complicated  business.  the  larger  the  area  that  you  need  to  protect,  the  more
__label__situationalsurveillance exposed  it  is  to  security  breaches.  iot  security  can  be  tricky.  after  all,  the  greater  the  number  of  connected  devices  the  greater  the  risk  of  exposure  to  advanced  and  persistent  threats  apt.  industries  everywhere  are  digitizing,  which  is  creating  a  multitude  of  new  security  requirements  for  the  internet  of  things  iot.  endtoend  e2e  security  management  will  be  essential  to  ensuring  security  and  privacy  in  the  iot,  while  simultaneously  building  strong  identities  and  maintaining  trust.  telefonaktiebolaget  lm  ericsson  19942019
__label__situationalsurveillance your  fleet  of  iot  devices  has  diverse  capabilities,  is  long  lived,  and  is  geographically  distributed.  these  characteristics  coupled  with  the  growing  number  of  connected  devices  raise  questions  about  how  to  address  security  risks.  many  devices  have  limited  compute  ability,  memory,  and  storage  capabilities,  which  restrict  opportunities  for  security.  despite  existing  protections  like  device  identity  management  and  encryption,  breaches  using  iot  devices  still  happen,  such  as  distributed  denial  of  service  attacks.  this  can  lead  to  loss  of  reputation  and  even  unauthorized  releases  of  information.  is  a  fully  managed  service  that  helps  you  secure  your  fleet  of  iot  devices.  aws  iot  device
__label__situationalsurveillance defender  continuously  audits  your  iot  configurations  to  make  sure  that  they  arent  deviating  from  security  best  practices.  an  iot  configuration  is  a  set  of  technical  controls  you  set  to  help  keep  information  secure  when  devices  are  communicating  with  each  other  and  the  cloud.  in  this  blog  post,  we  show  you  how  to  get  started  using  aws  iot  device  defender.  we  explain  how  to  set  up  a  manual  audit  and  configure  cloudside  detection  features.  to  keep  iot  devices  secure  and  your  data  safe,  its  important  to  monitor  the  behaviors  of  those  devices,  audit  device  and  cloud  configurations,  and  implement  security  best
__label__situationalsurveillance practices.for  example,  an  iot  application  that  monitors  food  quality  and  alerts  grocery  store  managers  if  produce  is  at  risk  of  spoiling  needs  to  ensure  that  the  data  transmission  thats  coming  from  sensors  is  secure,  and  that  the  sensors  are  behaving  as  expected.  using  the  example  of  an  iot  application  that  tracks  the  quality  of  food  as  its  being  shipped,  we  explain:  the  first  step  is  to  create  a  security  profile  in  which  you  specify  how  your  device  should  behave.  on  the  page,  review  if  devices  are  not  complying  with  the  behaviors  already  set  in  the  security  profile.  customers  often  ask
__label__situationalsurveillance how  to  ensure  their  iot  application  is  using  security  best  practices.  you  can  use  the  audit  features  of  aws  iot  device  defender  to  ensure  adherence  to  security  best  practices.  aws  iot  device  defender  provides  a  set  of  predefined  security  best  practices  to  ensure  devices  are  working  properly.  to  validate  this,  you  can  perform  audits  against  your  set  of  iot  resources  manually  as  needed  ondemand  audits,  or  schedule  them  to  run  periodically  scheduled  audits.  find  more  information  about  aws  iot  device  defender  here:  aws  iot  device  defender  helps  you  to  improve  the  prompt  detection  of  security  deviations,  consider  profile  behaviors,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance put  best  practices  in  place.  you  can  define  how  long  youll  review  the  practices  and  constantly  verify  behaviors  to  keep  you  informed  about  how  your  things  are  working.  for  additional  information  about  how  to  configure  audits,  detections,  monitoring,  and  more,  see  .  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__situationalsurveillance internet  of  things  iot  security  breaches  have  been  dominating  the  headlines  lately.  wikileakss  revealed  that  internetconnected  televisions  can  be  used  to  secretly  record  conversations.  trumps  advisor  kellyanne  conway  believes  that  microwave  ovens  can  spy  on  youmaybe  she  was  referring  to  and  dont  delude  yourself  that  you  are  immune  to  iot  attacks,  with  96  of  security  professionals  responding  to  a  new  survey  .  even  if  you  personally  dont  suffer  the  consequences  of  the  subpar  security  of  the  iot,  your  connected  gadgets  may  well  be  unwittingly  cooperating  with  criminals.  last  october,  internet  service  provider  that  disrupted  access  to  popular  websites.  the  cybercriminals
__label__situationalsurveillance who  initiated  the  attack  managed  to  commandeer  a  large  number  of  internetconnected  devices  mostly  dvrs  and  cameras  to  serve  as  their  helpers.  as  a  result,  cybersecurity  expert  bruce  schneier  has  called  for  ,  concluding  that  both  of  the  .  whether  because  of  government  regulation  or  good  oldfashioned  selfinterest,  we  can  expect  increased  investment  in  iot  security  technologies.  in  its  recentlyreleased  techradar  report  for  security  and  risk  professionals,  forrester  research  discusses  the  outlook  for  the  ,  warning  that  there  is  no  single,  magic  security  bullet  that  can  easily  fix  all  iot  security  issues.  based  on  forresters  analysis,  heres  my  list  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  6  hottest  technologies  for  iot  security:  note  that  forrester  did  not  identify  any  technologies  in  the  creation  stage.  it  says:  the  continued  evolution  of  iotspecific  security  threats  will  undoubtedly  drive  innovation  in  this  space,  so  expect  more  new  iotspecific  security  technologies  to  appear  in  the  creation  phase  in  the  near  future,  many  of  which  may  align  around  vertical  and  industryspecific  use  cases  such  as  connected  medical  devices  or  industrial  applications.  forrester  lists  the  following  challenges  to  achieving  a  secure  iot:  many  iot  devices  lack  basic  security  requirements;  there  is  a  plethora  of  iot  standards  and  protocols,  which  creates  security
__label__situationalsurveillance blind  spots;  the  scale  and  scope  of  iot  deployments  hinder  visibility  into  security  incidents;  there  is  a  lack  of  clarity  of  responsibility  regarding  privacy  and  security.  the  dyn  attack  was  likely  just  the  start,  says  forrester,  so  we  can  expect  further  attacks  that  leverage  insecure  iot  devices  in  the  coming  months  and  years.  indeed,  gartner  placed  security  at  the  top  of  its  list  of  saying  iot  security  will  be  complicated  by  the  fact  that  many  things  use  simple  processors  and  operating  systems  that  may  not  support  sophisticated  security  approaches.  its  complicated  when  simple  things  connect  to  become  a  vast  network
__label__situationalsurveillance that  reaches  everywhere.  forrester  makes  the  following  observations  and  recommendations:  iot  security  requires  an  endtoend  approach;  encryption  is  an  absolute  must;  iot  security  scenarios  place  a  premium  on  scalability  dealing  with  the  sheer  number  of  devices;  security  analytics  will  play  a  significant  role  in  iot  security  solutions;  iot  standards  are  important  catalysts  but  still  need  time  to  mature.  concludes  forrester:  its  imperative  for  todays  digital  businesses  to  balance  the  business  benefits  that  iotconnected  products  can  deliver  with  the  recognition  that  these  same  devices  have  become  an  attractive  attack  plane  for  hackers  and  cybercriminals  seeking  to  cause  disruption  and  exfiltrate  sensitive
__label__situationalsurveillance webinar:  bug  bounties  and  how  they  help  webinar:  container  security  that  matches  the  speed  of  devops  solutions  for  all  products  and  trials  all  solutions  small  business  iot  security  centralized  visibility  investigation  global  threat  intelligence  connected  threat  defense  solutions  for  all  products  and  trials  all  solutions  small  business  iot  security  centralized  visibility  investigation  global  threat  intelligence  connected  threat  defense  research  reports  18887628736  mf  85  cst  securing  iot  devices  is  more  difficult  than  securing  a  laptop  or  even  a  mobile  phone,  as  many  of  these  devices  are  not  designed  with  security  in  mind.  however,  with  increased  cybersecurity  threats  operating  in  the  landscape
__label__situationalsurveillance today,  device  manufacturers  are  hard  pressed  to  equip  and  secure  their  products  against  any,  and  hopefully  all,  known  and  emerging  attacks.  in  terms  of  broad  industrial  usage,  many  devices  in  these  environments  suffer  from  .  while  in  typical  enterprise  settings,  the  increasingly  connected  nature  of  widespread  operational  networks  including  devices,  communication  channels  and  applications  presents  a  rich  for  hackers.  we  can  see  how  prevalent  iot  threats  are  becoming.  just  this  year  there  were  several  critical  security  incidents  across  different  industries  affecting  millions  of  devices.  generally,  iot  devices  are  very  different  from  each  other,  and  securing  them  also  depends  on  the
__label__situationalsurveillance type  and  model  of  the  device.  inside  an  office  building,  a  smart  bulb  will  be  from  a  different  manufacturer  than  the  smart  printer;  and  the  overall  controlling  system  that  runs  through  the  whole  office  will  have  its  own  unique  operating  system.  to  effectively  secure  all  these  disparate  iot  devices,  an  overarching  multilayered  security  plan  and  constant  maintenance  is  necessary.  there  are  five  initial  security  steps  organizations  can  take  when  setting  up  iot  devices:  in  an  iotenabled  environment,  network  devices  and  routers  are  also  a  cause  for  concern.  one  compromised  iot  device  can  potentially  be  used  to  spread  malware  to  other
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  connected  to  the  same  network.  for  example,  a  smart  printer  can  be  used  to  infect  office  computers  and  other  smart  devices  on  the  same  network.  similarly,  if  a  router  is  compromised,  it  can  spread  malware  to  all  the  devices  connected  to  it.  the  following  measures  are  helpful  in  securing  networks  and  routers:  these  are  just  the  basic  steps  to  take  in  security  iot  devices.  for  a  more  complete  and  multilayered  defense,  users  can  employ  comprehensive  protections  such  as  the  and  solutions,  which  offer  effective  safeguards  against  threats  to  iot  devices  through  features  that  can  detect  malware  at  the  endpoint
__label__situationalsurveillance level.  connected  devices  can  also  be  protected  by  security  software  such  as  the  and  shn  solutions,  which  can  check  internet  traffic  between  the  router  and  all  connected  devices.  the  network  appliance  can  monitor  all  ports  and  network  protocols  for  advanced  threats  and  protect  enterprises  from  targeted  attacks.  also,  for  more  thorough  security  advice  and  to  become  familiar  with  unique  threats  that  can  affect  iot  and  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  devices  across  industries  and  in  smart  factories,  see  the  resources  below.  1.  click  on  the  box  below.  2.  press  ctrla  to  select  all.  3.  press  ctrlc  to  copy.  4.  paste
__label__situationalsurveillance the  code  into  your  page  ctrlv.  image  will  appear  the  same  size  as  you  see  above.  cybersecurity  in  2020  will  be  viewed  through  many  lenses  from  differing  attacker  motivations  and  cybercriminal  arsenal  to  technological  developments  and  global  threat  intelligence  only  so  defenders  can  keep  up  with  the  broad  range  of  threats.  our  midyear  security  roundup  highlights  threats  that  made  their  mark  in  the  first  half  of  2019,  and  provides  security  insights  to  help  users  and  organizations  determine  the  right  solutions  and  defense  strategies  against  them.
__label__situationalsurveillance brought  to  you  by  through  the  internet  of  things  iot  interaction  between  objects  becomes  possible  in  a  way  we  have  never  seen  before.  with  the  advent  of  iot  and  its  introduction  into  almost  all  aspects  of  life,  safety  and  security  of  iot  devices  has  to  be  considered  for  their  whole  life  cycle.  this  concerns  not  only  the  large  amounts  of  data  that  needs  to  be  exchanged  securely  but  also  the  design  of  the  hardware  of  the  devices  themselves.  security  has  to  be  designed  right  from  the  start  into  iot  devices  rather  than  added  on  later.  this  paper  will  introduce  a
__label__situationalsurveillance global  strategy  for  secure  design  for  iot  which  includes:  safe  solutions  for  environments  with  rich  information  guarantee  that  the  devices  are  functioning  as  intended  by  the  manufacturer  and  are  not  damaged  life  cycle  security  across  devices,  networks  and  data  centers  support  for  industry  standards  and  interoperability  of  devices  ability  to  solve  the  challenges  of  the  information  link  secure  clouds  for  traditional  systems.  this  paper  lays  the  foundation  for  the  creation  of  a  safe  remote  monitoring  system  for  machine  tools  through  iot  devices  and  analyses  the  critical  issues  focusing  on  the  manufacturing  environment.  peerreview  under  responsibility  of  the  scientific  committee  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  the  5th  international  conference  on  throughlife  engineering  services  tesconf  2016.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__situationalsurveillance protect  your  data  and  devices  across  the  internet  of  things  the  can  drive  huge  economic  opportunities  for  industries  and  enable  exciting  innovations  that  reach  across  fields  from  childcare  to  eldercare,  from  hospitality  to  mining,  from  education  to  transportation.  diverse  iot  solutionseverything  from  remote  monitoring,  predictive  maintenance,  and  smart  spaces  to  connected  products  and  customerfacing  technologies  like  mobile  appscan  reduce  operational  complexity,  lower  costs,  and  speed  up  time  to  market.  with  technology  pundits  and  analysts  predicting  even  more  expansive  use  of  iot  devices  and  apps  in  the  future,  along  with  everevolving  devices,  services,  and  apps  that  touch  the  iot  space,  organizations
__label__situationalsurveillance are  often  eager  to  take  advantage  of  the  business  benefits.  while  traditional  information  cybersecurity  revolves  around  software  and  how  it  is  implemented,  iot  cybersecurity  adds  an  extra  layer  of  complexity  as  the  cyber  and  the  physical  worlds  converge.  a  wide  range  of  operational  and  maintenance  scenarios  in  the  iot  space  rely  on  endtoend  device  connectivity  to  enable  users  and  services  to  interact,  login,  troubleshoot,  send,  or  receive  data  from  devices.  companies  may  want  to  take  advantage  of  iot  efficiencies  like  predictive  maintenance,  for  example,  but  knowing  what  security  precautions  to  take  is  essential,  because  operational  technology  ot  is  too  important
__label__situationalsurveillance and  valuable  to  risk  in  the  event  of  breaches,  disasters,  and  other  threats.  although  iot  devices  may  seem  too  small  or  too  specialized  to  be  dangerous,  there  is  real  risk  in  what  are  really  networkconnected,  general  purpose  computers  that  can  be  hijacked  by  attackers.  even  the  most  mundane  device  can  become  dangerous  when  compromised  over  the  internetfrom  spying  with  video  baby  monitors  to  interrupted  services  on  lifesaving  health  care  equipment.  once  attackers  have  control,  they  can  steal  data,  disrupt  delivery  of  services,  or  commit  any  other  cybercrime  theyd  do  with  a  computer.  attacks  that  compromise  iot  infrastructure  inflict  damage,  not
__label__situationalsurveillance just  with  data  breaches  and  unreliable  operations,  but  also  physical  harm  to  the  facilities,  or  worseto  the  humans  operating  or  relying  on  those  facilities.  protecting  employees,  customers,  valuable  operational  technologies,  and  business  investments  with  secure  iot  infrastructure  needs  to  take  an  endtoend  approach.  experienced  iot  security  companies  recommend  a  threepronged  approach  to  protect  data,  devices,  and  connections:  many  companies  use  a  large  number  of  different  devices  running  different  software,  using  different  chips,  and  may  even  use  different  methods  to  connect.  this  is  whats  known  as  .  it  creates  a  challenge  to  update  and  control  all  your  different  connected  devicesbut  software
__label__situationalsurveillance solutions  do  exist  to  simplify  this  process.  many  businesses  would  love  take  advantage  of  the  business  benefits  of  connection,  but  cant  risk  the  losses  of  revenue,  if  facilities  are  attacked  and  go  down,  even  a  few  days.  the  good  news  is  that  there  are  trusted  iot  security  companies  that  offer  software  solutions  to  help  protect  against  attacks.  some  devices  were  designed  before  iot  existed  and  any  connection  was  even  possible.  these  devices  have  never  been  the  process  for  identifying  and  eliminating  or  mitigating  vulnerabilities.  many  other  legacy  devices  are  inexpensive  or  not  designed  with  specific  iot  security  in  mind.  because
__label__situationalsurveillance this  new  iot  connectivity  covers  such  a  large  and  often  unfamiliar  attack  surface  and  iot  devices  and  apps  can  hold  massive  troves  of  personal,  operational,  and  corporate  data,  security  pros  need  to  go  beyond  the  traditional  information  security  requirements  of  confidentiality,  integrity,  and  availability.  security  pros  are  of  course  concerned  with  data  breaches  and  other  cyberattacks.  but,  because  an  iot  vulnerability  has  the  potential  to  cause  lifethreatening  physical  danger  or  shutdown  of  profitmaking  operations,  they  must  especially  concern  themselves  with  securing  connectivity,  device  hardening,  threat  monitoring,  and  security  posture  management,  as  well  as  securing  data  on  the  backend  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance cloud.  threat  modeling  is  used  by  many  iot  security  companies  to  understand  how  an  attacker  might  be  able  to  compromise  a  system  and  then  make  sure  appropriate  measures  are  in  place  to  prevent  or  mitigate  an  attack.  processesthreats  to  processes  both  under  your  control,  such  as  web  services,  and  threats  from  external  entities,  such  as  users  and  satellite  feeds,  that  interact  with  the  system,  but  are  not  under  the  control  of  the  application.  communication,  also  called  data  flowsthreats  around  the  communication  path  between  devices,  devices  and  field  gateways,  and  device  and  cloud  gateway.  storagethreats  to  temporary  data  queues,  operating  systems
__label__situationalsurveillance os,  and  image  storage.  iot  attacks  can  be  broadly  categorized  in  five  different  areas:  ,  and  .  consider  the  most  relevant  threats  to  your  iot  infrastructurewhether  theyre  cyber  or  physical  threats.  examine  threats  to  data  storage,  cloud  services,  operating  systems,  iot  apps,  various  network  technologies,  backup  services,  and  monitoring,  as  well  as  threats  to  physical  devices,  sensors,  and  the  control  systems  that  keep  devices  functioning  properly.  review  the  consequences  of  the  threats  youve  identified  and  decide  what  your  business  cares  about  most.  prioritize  in  order  of  concern  and  eliminate  consequences  not  relevant  to  your  business  scenarios.  choose  the  security  evaluation
__label__situationalsurveillance approach  that  provides  the  most  value  and  addresses  risk  scenarios  of  iot  security  attacksbased  on  the  unique  threats  and  consequences  to  your  business  that  youve  identified.  choose  an  evaluator  or  set  of  evaluators  that  can  help  provide  iot  security  evaluation  services.  get  started  with  the  security  program  for  azure  iot  selection  matrix.  learn  how  to  approach  the  new  threats  and  consequences  facing  your  business  with  the  ebook,  ,  from  microsoft.  integrate  across  teams  and  infrastructure  to  coordinate  a  comprehensive  approach,  from  the  physical  devices  and  sensors  to  your  data  in  the  cloud.  consider  resourceconstrained  devices,  geographic  distribution  of  deployments,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance the  number  of  devices  within  a  solution.  monitor  everything  connected  to  your  iot  solution  with  security  posture  management.  stack  rank  the  suggestions  based  on  severity  to  decide  what  to  fix  first  to  reduce  your  risk.  make  sure  to  have  threat  monitoring  in  place  to  get  alerts  and  address  threats  quickly.  by  tracking  all  your  connected  data  stores,  admins,  and  other  services  that  touch  iot,  you  can  make  sure  your  iot  apps  are  protected  as  well.  take  advantage  of  a  broad  range  of  iot  security  solutions  that  have  been  proven  effective  by  companies  like  yours  and  are  uniquely  suited  to  help
__label__situationalsurveillance you  secure  your  iot  deploymentsacross  cloud,  devices,  and  the  enterprise.  with  crossover  mcus,  a  secured  windows  iot  os,  and  turnkey  cloud  security  service,  helps  to  protect  devices  and  deliver  endtoend  iot  security  that  responds  to  emerging  threats.  find  services  with  flexibility  for  your  specific  risk  profile  and  deployment  scenarios  with  the  trusted  protection  from  azure  services.  securely  connect,  monitor,  and  manage  billions  of  devices  to  develop  iot  apps.  decrease  your  risk  of  security  threatsranging  from  physical  tampering  to  ip  hackingwhile  you  move  your  data  and  analytics  to  the  intelligent  edge.  create  highly  secured,  connected  mcupowered  devices  to  transform  your  business
__label__situationalsurveillance the  buzz  around  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  intensifying,  but  the  vendor  landscape  remains  crowded  and  highly  fragmented.  hundreds  of  iot  vendors  are  flooding  the  market,  each  with  its  own  industry  focus  and  marketing  spin.  this  makes  selection  a  real  challenge,  especially  for  smaller  organizations.  according  to  gartner:  through  2018,  there  will  be  no  dominant  iot  ecosystem  platform;  it  leaders  will  still  need  to  compose  iot  solutions  from  multiple  providers.  the  full  report,  ,  is  available  to  gartner  clients.  despite  this  complexity,  iots  business  optimization  and  costsaving  capabilities  are  quite  valuable  to  certain  industries.  businesses  such  as  manufacturing,  health
__label__situationalsurveillance care  and  facilities  management  will  find  great  value  in  iot,  particularly  for  operations.  gartner  recommends  adopting  the  technology  soon  to  get  ahead  of  the  competition.  they  state:  by  2020,  more  than  half  of  major  new  business  processes  and  systems  will  incorporate  some  element  of  the  internet  of  things,  whether  large  or  small.  this  guide  will  provide  a  map  of  this  technology  landscape,  looking  at  what  constitutes  an  iot  platform,  and  what  to  bear  in  mind  when  evaluating  iot  systems.  in  a  recent  report,  we  looked  at  what  lessons  can  be  ,  which  is  at  the  forefront  of  adopting  iot  technologies.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  applications  in  this  industry  include  adding  remote  control  functionality  to  heavy  trucks  and  continuous  miners,  and  automating  fresh  air  pumps  so  they  are  used  only  when  and  where  necessary.  in  that  piece,  we  defined  the  three  basic  components  of  iot:  the  things  in  question  can  be  just  about  any  thing  :  an  iot  platform  enables  these  types  of  connections  and  applications.  while  functionality  differs  among  systems,  the  following  capabilities  should  be  present  in  any  platform,  according  to  gartner:  organizations  can  find  these  capabilities  in  most  iot  platform  vendors  today,  but  certain  limitations  should  be  kept  in  mind  when  searching.
__label__situationalsurveillance companies  need  to  have  a  clear  idea  of  what  theyre  seeking  in  an  iot  solution;  otherwise,  theyre  bound  to  be  overwhelmed  by  the  confusing  vendor  landscape.  any  platform  will  require  some  degree  of  configuration  with  other  systems  and  data  sources  to  best  meet  the  needs  of  a  specific  iot  project.  in  many  cases,  a  platform  supports  the  integration  of  multiple  specialized  technologies.  for  more  context,  gartner  identifies  a  couple  reasons  why  this  market  can  be  so  confusing:  as  is  expected  in  such  a  volatile  market,  prices  remain  fluid,  and  costs  to  implement  a  platform  can  vary  wildly.  some  factors  that
__label__situationalsurveillance will  contribute  to  pricing  include:  keep  in  mind:  these  numbers  are  estimates  and  may  not  factor  in  complexity  of  assets,  capabilities  of  a  given  platform  or  implementation  or  integration  services.  most  iot  platform  market  contenders  provide  the  capabilities  listed  above,  but  some  focus  on  cloudbased  platforms,  while  others  opt  for  more  traditional  onsite  deployments.  the  list  below,  while  not  exhaustive,  offers  an  overview  of  some  popular  platform  vendors  in  the  market  and  lists  some  of  the  common  applications  for  each  platform.  these  vendors  can  work  with  your  organization  to  customize  and  implement  a  platform  that  meets  your  needs.  when  choosing
__label__situationalsurveillance the  right  iot  platform  for  your  business,  youll  want  to  consider  their  capabilities,  services  and  pricing.  gartner  suggests  some  shortterm  actions  for  those  companies  committed  to  enhancing  their  operations  with  the  iot:  companies  should  expect  to  learn  more  about  iot  as  they  use  it.  since  its  a  relatively  new  market,  iot  has  the  potential  to  gain  value  as  companies  experiment  with  new  applications.  industries  that  rely  on  maintenance  management  processes  can  benefit  greatly  from  iot  applications.  for  example,  a  computerized  maintenance  management  system  cmms  stores  tons  of  valuable  maintenance  data  which  is  then  used  to  enable  greater  predictive  maintenance  and
__label__situationalsurveillance automation  and  further  reduce  costs.  you  can  review  the  or  give  us  a  call  at  844  6894876  for  a  free  phone  consultation  to  narrow  down  your  maintenance  software  options.  for  any  specific  questions,  contact  me  at  taylorshortsoftwareadvice.com.  is  your  business  ready  for  asset  performance  management?  case  study:  pulse  mining  clients  add  realtime  analytics  to  gain  millions  in  production  seeking  a  cloud  eam?  consider  these  3  factors  first
__label__situationalsurveillance thinkstock  the  internet  of  things  may  have  a  significant  economic  potential,  but  it  also  gives  malicious  actors  an  everexpanding  toolbox  for  cyberattacks.  gartner  estimates  that  5.5  million  things  get  connected  each  day.  its  no  wonder  that  hackers  are  beginning  to  target  iot  devices  with  weak  security  for  botnets  and  other  attacks:  they  are  often  lowhanging  fruit.  the  similar  threat  applies  to  industrial  control  systems,  which  have  a  decadeslong  history.  many  industrial  machines  make  use  of  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada,  a  technology  that  was  created  decades  ago  without  much  thought  about  security.  as  a  result,  an  attacker  with  physical
__label__situationalsurveillance access  to  a  scada  system  can  cause  significant  damage  to  industrial  facilities  and  critical  infrastructure.  ensuring  a  high  degree  of  security  for  an  iot  implementation  requires  that  devices,  gateways  and  applications  that  are  part  of  an  iot  value  chain.  a  trustworthy  system  enables  the  chain  of  trust,  and  this  level  of  confidence  should  be  maintained  in  the  entire  lifecycle  of  the  system  and  adapt  to  new  changes.  when  a  system  has  all  of  these  characteristics,  it  should  be  able  to  stand  up  to  risks  predicted  for  the  system.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields
__label__situationalsurveillance are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies
__label__situationalsurveillance and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__situationalsurveillance all  the  main  iot  security  technologies  in  one  overview  network  safety,  authentication,  data  encryption,  analytics,  iot  api  and  pki.  and  the  best  vendors  notwithstanding  the  widespread  popularity  of  smart  technologies,  most  of  them  reveal  a  significant  drawback  in  terms  of  user  safety.  because  of  that,  the  appearance  of  iot  security  as  a  concept  was  inevitable.  at  the  same  time,  this  area  is  still  on  the  stage  of  ongoing  development.  in  the  given  circumstances,  it  is  relevant  to  distinguish  iot  security  best  practices  and  make  a  right  choice  in  the  mess  of  mediocre  attempts  to  address  the  protection  issues  properly.  and
__label__situationalsurveillance determining  best  of  the  best  technologies  providing  iot  security  is  the  main  task  of  this  post.  in  general,  the  approach  to  creating  iot  security  framework  is  problemspecific.  in  other  words,  specialists  define  the  area  for  improvement  and  adopt  the  technologies  that  are  capable  to  fix  the  shortcomings.  based  on  this  practice,  it  is  possible  to  differentiate  six  main  directions  of  .  in  particular,  among  the  most  common  internet  of  things  security  issues,  experts  mention  vulnerability  of  the  network  of  smart  devices,  authentication  problems,  lack  of  data  encryption  and  security  analytics,  problems  with  iot  api  and  pki,  and  a  tendency  of
__label__situationalsurveillance launching  iot  solutions  in  a  rush.  good  news,  though:  all  these  problems  are  successfully  addressed  by  iot  security  technologies.  and  each  of  them  has  a  specific  approach  in  terms  of  iot  security.  the  key  tool  to  create  a  safe  network  with  the  incorporation  of  iot  security  best  practices  is  to  connect  it  to  the  preinstalled  backend  system.  to  achieve  the  highest  level  of  sophistication  here,  it  combines  traditional  tools  of  data  protection  like  antiviruses  and  firewalls  with  protocols,  standards,  and  complex  device  capabilities.  as  an  iot  security  solutions  leader  in  this  area,  is  a  developer  that  specializes  in  the  active
__label__situationalsurveillance protection  of  networks,  meaning  guaranteeing  easy  deployment  of  an  automated  learning  engine,  crafted  by  experts  in  industrial  control  systems,  timely  alerts  of  possible  threats,  and  an  effective  usage  of  otspecific  threat  intelligence  sources.  as  a  result,  a  customer  gains  an  opportunity  to  keep  calm  about  the  security  of  iot  network,  being  aware  of  the  proper  care  from  a  company  offering  passive  monitoring,  constantly  updated  learning  system,  and  appropriate  notifications  to  prevent  a  threat.  the  functionality  of  these  iot  security  solutions,  among  all,  means  ensuring  a  safe  authentication  of  one  user  into  multiple  devices.  in  addition  to  the  standard  passwordbased  procedure,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  developers  in  this  area  highly  recommend  using  twofactor  authentication,  biometrics,  and  digital  certificates.  as  a  proper  example  in  this  dimension,  blueid  is  a  company  that  provides  a  mobile  access  control  platform  for  secure  connection  and  interaction.  specifically,  its  iot  security  technologies  include  the  creation  of  a  safe  ecosystem  for  businesses  purposes:  it  is  cloudbased,  highly  customizable,  secured  by  certificates,  has  a  smart  mobile  access,  and  offers  various  network  options  wifi,  3g,  or  independent  from  wireless  standard.  hence,  iot  security  is  achieved  through  identity  maintenance  and  access  control.  among  various  observers,  data  encryption  is  defined  as  the  basis  of  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance security  ecosystem.  in  this  case,  the  information  becomes  unreachable  for  hackers  with  the  help  of  properly  designed  cryptographic  algorithms.  in  fact,  this  tool  is  commonly  included  in  the  wider  range  of  full  encryption  key  lifecycle  management  processes  and  they  establish  a  powerful  security  system  together.  to  illustrate  this  type  of  iot  security  technologies  with  an  example,  ,  among  the  diverse  set  of  it  solutions  offered  on  market,  presents  a  special  nextgeneration  encryption  for  its  clients.  in  particular,  the  company  addresses  the  issue  by  using  a  complete  algorithm  that  includes  elliptic  curve  cryptography  instead  of  oldfashioned  rsa  and  dh,  galois/counter  mode
__label__situationalsurveillance to  accelerate  the  authentication  process,  and  sha2  to  replace  md5  and  sha1  for  hashtag  operations.  and  so,  it  is  relevant  to  state  that  cisco  designed  a  complete  algorithm  suite  that  covers  all  the  needed  measures  for  total  data  encryption.  to  provide  the  necessary  measures  in  terms  of  the  internet  of  things  security,  the  need  to  monitor  all  the  smart  devices  and  check  their  performance  indicators  is  outstanding.  for  this  aim,  various  iot  security  companies  offer  their  analytical  capabilities  on  market.  among  the  concrete  services,  they  commonly  assist  in  collecting,  aggregating,  monitoring,  and  reporting  on  data  that  appears  on  all  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance devices.  and  to  address  the  issue  properly,  the  basic  analytics  toolkit  is  frequently  empowered  by  uptodate  trending  technologies,  including  ai,  machine  learning,  and  big  data.  on  this  issue,  an  effective  security  solution  of  iot  is  presented  by  .  in  particular,  the  company  succeeds  in  ensuring  visibility,  safety,  and  management  of  iot  networks  by  offering  the  full  package  of  cybersecurity  solutions.  in  terms  of  analytical  skills,  the  corporate  developers  present  a  comprehensive  industrial  cyber  security  suite  that  consists  of  detecting  the  appearance  and  the  extent  of  the  problem  areas,  constant  monitoring  of  their  performance,  and  notifying  the  client  with  timely  alerts.
__label__situationalsurveillance in  other  words,  security  analytics  appears  as  an  integral  part  of  the  software  solution.  in  this  dimension,  the  importance  of  api  security  and  iot  pki  enters  the  stage.  on  the  one  hand,  api  security  potential  includes  an  ability  to  authenticate  and  authorize  the  flow  of  information  within  the  wholly  protected  iot  network,  including  smart  devices,  backend  system,  and  third  applications.  among  the  security  solutions  for  iot  in  this  area,  the  input  of  deserves  special  attention.  precisely,  this  software  provided  by  rogue  wave  delivers  an  endtoend  api  management  solution  which  assists  clients  on  all  the  process  stages  of  working  with  apis,
__label__situationalsurveillance including  crafting,  implementing,  protecting,  managing,  monitoring,  and  publishing.  with  this  functionality,  the  platform  is  able  to  guarantee  a  safe  storage  of  sensitive  information,  empowered  by  rich  authentication  and  authorization  capabilities.  on  another  hand,  x.509  digital  certificate  along  with  cryptographic  lifecycle  capabilities  allow  preventing  a  threat  of  utilizing  pki.  in  this  context,  is  a  company  specialized  in  incorporating  pki  into  iot  sector,  relying  on  its  ability  to  strengthen  trust  and  control  over  the  devices  used.  precisely,  the  solution  includes  a  high  level  of  customization,  scalability,  and  competitiveness.  moreover,  the  developers  work  on  incorporating  pki  into  product  design,  deployment,  and  ongoing  smooth
__label__situationalsurveillance maintenance.  in  the  it  market,  emerged  as  a  company  to  deal  with  protecting  smart  devices  from  possible  threats.  as  the  vendor  itself  defines  the  core  task  of  its  activity,  the  main  internet  of  things  security  issues  are  cyber  attacks.  and  to  address  this  danger  accurately,  the  developer  offers  iot  security  solutions  to  integrate  all  the  platforms  including  pcs,  smartphones,  smart  tvs,  gaming  consoles,  and  wifi  spots  into  a  unified  secured  network.  among  the  concrete  iot  security  technologies  offered  by  the  company,  there  are  url  blacklisting,  vulnerability  assessment,  device  detection,  exploit  prevention,  anomaly  detection,  blueforce  protection,  and  privacy  data  protection.  consequently,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  developer  manages  to  deliver  the  complete  package  of  iot  security  implementation  that  addresses  all  the  main  issues  in  this  sphere.  as  another  example  of  a  onecompanyfitsall  approach,  is  a  developer  listed  among  the  top  iot  security  companies.  in  particular,  it  works  on  identifying  the  devices,  determining  their  risks,  and  making  the  process  of  iot  protection  automated  through  applying  frictionless  deployment  and  integration.  in  other  words,  it  is  evident  that  the  company  also  provides  the  whole  spectrum  of  iot  security  solutions  and  can  address  the  issue  on  the  various  levels  of  its  operation.  as  it  turns  from  the  presented  overview,
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  security  is  a  sphere  that  requires  constant  care  from  the  experts.  you  as  a  customer  can  only  make  sure  that  all  your  iot  devices  work  under  an  endtoend  approach  and  have  encryption  along  with  necessary  time  for  maturation.  at  the  same  time,  the  professional  assistance  is  a  must,  since  smart  devices  challenge  the  contemporary  it  market  with  sophisticated  problems  common  users  cannot  manage.  and  to  deal  with  iot  security  issues,  the  developers  use  the  diversified  set  of  tools  and  technologies.  thus,  make  sure  you  found  the  right  solution  on  the  market  and  not  repeat  the  mistakes  of  wikileaks  written
__label__situationalsurveillance searching  for  your  content...  phone  8887760942  from  8  am  10  pm  et  chat  news  provided  by  jun  26,  2019,  13:30  et  share  this  article  ,  /prnewswire/  the  report  has  been  added  to  researchandmarkets.coms  offering.  this  report  evaluates  the  iot  device  management  market  including  requirements,  functionality,  leading  companies  and  solutions.  the  report  evaluates  market  opportunities  and  challenges  for  iot  device  management  solutions  across  various  industry  verticals.  the  report  includes  forecasting  for  global  and  regional  markets  as  well  as  potential  across  deployment  types  and  sectors  including  automotive,  manufacturing,  smart  cities,  and  more.  the  report  takes  into  consideration  all  four  major  iot  device
__label__situationalsurveillance management  market  segments:  consumer,  enterprise,  industrial,  and  government.  all  purchases  of  this  report  includes  time  with  an  expert  analyst  who  will  help  you  link  key  findings  in  the  report  to  the  business  issues  youre  addressing.  select  report  findings  iot  represents  a  complex  system  of  networks,  platforms,  interfaces,  protocols,  devices,  and  data.  iot  devices  range  from  sensors,  actuators,  gateways,  and  embedded  hardware/software  within  products  and  assets.  the  number  and  type  of  iot  devices,  as  well  as  the  associated  use  cases  for  apps  and  services,  grows  exponentially  within  leading  industry  verticals.  one  of  the  critical  success  factors  for  iot  operation  will  be
__label__situationalsurveillance certain  operational  support  systems  oss  for  iot  such  as  iot  device  management.  as  iot  systems  and  networks  grow  in  complexity  and  importance,  there  will  be  an  increasingly  urgent  need  within  enterprise,  industrial,  and  government  market  segments  for  iot  device  management  platforms  and  software.  iot  device  management  encompasses  device  provisioning,  administration,  monitoring,  and  diagnostics  important  for  trouble  replication  and  corrective  measures.  important  iot  device  management  functions  include  enrollment/provisioning,  configuration/association,  software  updates,  and  overall  management  and  control.  as  iot  systems  and  networks  grow  in  complexity  and  importance,  there  will  be  an  increasingly  urgent  need  within  enterprise  for  iot  device  management  platforms  and
__label__situationalsurveillance software.  the  overall  iot  device  management  market  is  driven  by  a  few  key  factors  including:  in  addition  to  the  above  mentioned  overall  iot  device  management  market  drivers,  there  are  important  factors  to  consider  for  each  of  the  iot  market  segments:  consumer,  enterprise,  industrial,  and  government.  while  some  iot  device  management  needs  are  similar  between  sectors,  there  are  also  some  very  unique  needs  on  a  persegment  basis.  for  example,  the  needs  of  enterprise  are  very  different  than  the  consumer  iot  device  management  market.  some  of  those  unique  needs  are  as  follows:  this  report  is  the  most  comprehensive  of  its  type,  evaluating
__label__situationalsurveillance the  iot  device  management  market,  including  requirements,  functionality,  leading  companies  and  solutions.  the  report  evaluates  market  opportunities  and  challenges  for  iot  device  management  solutions  across  various  industry  verticals.  the  report  includes  forecasting  for  global  and  regional  markets  as  well  as  potential  across  deployment  types  and  sectors  for  the  2019  to  2024  period.  the  report  also  provides  a  view  into  the  outlook  for  iot  healthcare  devices,  along  with  assessment  of  specific  concerns  and  opportunities.  select  report  benefits  key  topics  covered  1  executive  summary  2  about  the  study  3  introduction  3.1  iot  device  management  solution  overview  3.2  key  requirements  for  iot  device
__label__situationalsurveillance management  systems  3.2.1  device  management  agent  3.2.2  device  management  in  a  service/cloud  environment  3.3  fundamentals  of  device  management  systems  3.3.1  enrollment  and  provisioning  3.3.2  configuration  and  association  3.3.3  monitoring  and  diagnostics  3.3.4  management  and  control  3.3.5  software  updates  3.4  commercialization  of  iot  device  management  systems  3.5  iot  device  management  system  demand  by  industry  3.5.1  smart  cities  3.5.2  fleet  management  and  transportation  3.5.3  automotive  3.5.4  manufacturing  3.5.5  utilities  3.5.6  oil  gas  industry  3.6  iot  device  management  challenges  3.6.1  anticipating  cause  and  effect  3.6.2  handling  device  management  needs  by  specific  industry  /  function  3.7  iot  device  registry  4  iot  device  management  service
__label__situationalsurveillance delivery  analysis  4.1  key  functionality  of  device  management  solutions  4.2  iot  device  management  solutions  offering  types  4.2.1  iot  device  management  as  a  service  4.2.2  as  software  embedded  in  iot  platform  /  device  4.2.3  standalone  software  platform  4.3  iot  device  management  industry  swot  analysis  5  iot  device  management  company  and  solution  analysis  5.1  advantech  5.2  aeris  5.3  allegro  software  development  corporation  5.4  ampla  soluciones  s.l.  5.5  arm  ltd.  5.6  bosch  software  innovations  gmbh  5.7  devicepilot  5.8  eti  software  solutions  5.9  ibm  5.10  microsoft  5.11  ptc  5.12  particle  5.13  proximetry  inc.  relayr  5.14  sitewhere  llc  5.15  smithmicro  software  5.16  telit  5.17  tibbo
__label__situationalsurveillance systems  5.18  wind  river  5.19  wso2  5.20  xively  logmein  5.21  zentri  5.22  42gears  mobility  systems  pvt.  ltd.  5.23  blackberry  ltd.  5.24  cisco  systems  5.25  citrix  systems  5.26  huawei  technologies  5.27  jamf  software  5.28  matrix42  ag  5.29  mobileiron  inc.  5.30  sophos  plc  5.31  soti  inc.  5.32  vmware  5.33  zoho  corporation  pvt.  ltd.  5.34  orbcomm  5.35  amazon  5.36  barbara  iot  6  smart  and  connected  iot  device  ecosystem  6.1  connected  iot  device  systems  6.1.1  consumer  iot  connected  devices  6.1.2  enterprise  iot  connected  devices  6.1.3  industrial  iot  connected  devices  6.2  iot  software  and  connected  applications  6.3  iot  device  management  technology  and  solutions  6.4  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance interoperability  and  enabling  technology  6.5  cloud  deployment  and  open  architecture  model  6.6  connected  iot  device  supply  chain  6.7  business  models  and  strategies  6.8  machine  learning  and  other  ai  solutions  6.9  smart  workplace  and  automation  systems  6.10  5g,  edge  computing,  and  connected  iot  applications  7  iot  device  management  market  analysis  and  forecasts  2019  2024  7.1  iot  device  management  solutions  2019  2024  7.2  iot  device  management  solutions  by  deployment  type  2019  2024  7.3  iot  device  management  solutions  by  product  segment  2019  2024  7.4  iot  device  management  solutions  by  service  type  2019  2024  7.5  iot  device  management  solution  by  cloud  deployment  type  2019
__label__situationalsurveillance 2024  7.6  iot  device  management  solutions  by  region  2019  2024  7.7  iot  device  management  solutions  by  market  segment  2019  2024  7.7.1  iot  device  management  solutions  by  consumer  segment  2019  2024  7.7.2  iot  device  management  solutions  by  enterprise  segment  2019  2024  7.7.3  iot  device  management  solutions  by  industrial  segment  2019  2024  7.7.4  iot  device  management  solutions  by  government  segment  2019  2024  8  iot  device  management  solutions  for  consumer  segment  2019  2024  8.1  consumer  iot  device  management  solutions  2019  2024  8.2  consumer  iot  device  management  solutions  by  deployment  type  2019  2024  8.3  consumer  iot  device  management  solutions  by  product  segment  2019  2024
__label__situationalsurveillance 8.4  service  type  for  consumer  iot  device  management  solutions  2019  2024  8.5  cloud  platforms  for  consumer  iot  device  management  solution  deployment  2019  2024  8.6  consumer  iot  device  management  solutions  by  region  2019  2024  8.7  consumer  iot  device  management  solutions  by  device  type  2019  2024  9  iot  device  management  solutions  for  enterprise  2019  2024  9.1  enterprise  iot  device  management  solutions  2019  2024  9.2  enterprise  iot  device  management  solutions  by  deployment  type  2019  2024  9.3  enterprise  iot  device  management  solution  by  product  segment  2019  2024  9.4  enterprise  iot  device  management  solutions  by  service  type  2019  2024  9.5  cloud  platforms  for  enterprise  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance device  management  solution  deployment  9.6  enterprise  iot  device  management  solutions  by  region  2019  2024  9.7  enterprise  iot  device  management  solutions  by  device  type  2019  2024  10  iot  device  management  solutions  for  industrial  segment  2019  2024  10.1  industrial  iot  device  management  solutions  2019  2024  10.2  industrial  iot  device  management  solutions  by  deployment  type  2019  2024  10.3  industrial  iot  device  management  solution  by  product  segment  2019  2024  10.4  service  type  for  industrial  iot  device  management  solutions  2019  2024  10.5  cloud  platforms  for  industrial  iot  device  management  solution  deployment  2019  2024  10.6  industrial  iot  device  management  solutions  by  region  2019  2024  10.7  industrial
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  device  management  solutions  by  industry  2019  2024  10.8  industrial  iot  device  management  solutions  by  device  type  2019  2024  11  iot  device  management  solutions  for  government  iot  11.1  government  iot  device  management  solutions  2019  2024  11.2  government  iot  device  management  solutions  by  deployment  type  11.3  government  iot  device  management  solution  by  product  segment  2019  2024  11.4  government  iot  device  management  solutions  by  service  type  2019  2024  11.5  government  iot  device  management  solution  by  cloud  deployment  type  2019  2024  11.6  government  iot  device  management  solutions  by  region  2019  2024  11.7  government  iot  device  management  solutions  by  device  type  2019  2024  12
__label__situationalsurveillance appendix:  outlook  and  issues  for  managing  iot  devices  in  healthcare  for  more  information  about  this  report  visit  research  and  markets  also  offers  services  providing  focused,  comprehensive  and  tailored  research.  media  contact:  research  and  markets  ,  senior  manager  for  e.s.t  office  hours  call  19173000470  for  u.s./can  toll  free  call  18005268630  for  gmt  office  hours  call  35314168900  u.s.  fax:  6466071907  fax  outside  u.s.:  35314811716  source  research  and  markets  more  news  releases  in  similar  topics  you  just  read:  news  provided  by  jun  26,  2019,  13:30  et  share  this  article  share  this  article
__label__situationalsurveillance by  ,  ,  the  traditional  it  security  architecture  has  been  through  a  mammoth,  global  stress  test  in  recent  years  thanks  to  the  environment  of  escalating  attacks  and  huge  data  breaches.  but  perhaps  the  biggest  challenge  of  all  to  the  traditional  it  security  architecture  has  been  in  the  it  evolution  driven  by  the  .  data  breaches  in  recent  years  have  already  been  reaching  epidemic  proportions  with  millions  of  records  compromised  in  typical  breaches.  more  at  the  same  time,  the  nature  of  it  deployments  themselves  are  dramatically  changing,  adding  more  security  risk  as  the  iot  and  new  computing  models  expand  the  scope
__label__situationalsurveillance and  nature  of  it  system  deployment.  connected  devices  with  the  ability  to  execute  relatively  sophisticated  code  are  now  spread  far  and  wide  and  have  become  targets  of  attackers.  yet  the  security  architecture  commonly  deployed  in  our  enterprises  uses  very  traditional  controls  and  methodologies.  firewalled  perimeters  contain  trusted  zones  within  which  we  grant  unfettered  access  to  applications  and  data.  remote  devices  and  users  often  undergo  very  basic  authentication  and  access  control  procedures  before  being  granted  access  to  sensitive  systems  or  data.  encryption  may  be  used  to  ensure  confidentiality  of  data  in  motion  if  it  traverses  untrusted  networks,  but  such  traffic  is
__label__situationalsurveillance often  in  the  clear  on  socalled  trusted  networks  and  devices  that  may  be  compromised.  and  we  have  seen  major  breaches  caused  by  the  breakdown  of  these  rudimentary  security  controls  when  they  are  applied  to  iot  and  the  related  computing  models.  the  take  advantage  of  a  simple  breakdown  in  security  hygiene,  the  failure  of  so  many  of  us  to  change  default  passwords,  leading  to  huge  internet  outages.  ,  enabling  them  to  brick  iot  devices  and  render  them  useless.  why  is  the  traditional  security  architecture  failing  to  protect  the  iot?  there  are  a  wide  range  of  reasons  having  to  do  with  the
__label__situationalsurveillance fundamental  natures  of  iot,  cloud  and  edge  computing.  traditional  it  infrastructure  and  systems  such  as  data  networks,  operating  systems,  application  servers  and  so  on  are  being  tasked  with  supporting  missioncritical  operational  functions  that  previously  might  have  used  isolated,  custom  systems.  this  creates  new  incentives  for  attackers,  who  may  want  to  target  critical  infrastructure  like  utilities  or  transportation  systems,  financial  services  systems,  healthcare  institutions  and  so  on.  iot  projects  are  causing  deployments  of  devices  to  balloon  in  scale.  this  creates  a  massive  attack  surface  in  terms  of  deployment  scope.  since  by  definition  iot  devices  have  some  form  of  connectivity,  attackers  have
__label__situationalsurveillance large  numbers  of  targets  to  probe  and  scan  for  vulnerabilities.  many  of  these  devices  will  not  have  undergone  adequate  ,  or  the  necessary  to  form  an  adequate  picture  of  the  risk  they  pose.  further,  the  process  of  can  become  massively  complicated  when  you  consider  the  need  to  update  and  patch  tens  of  thousands  of  devices.  iot  involves  the  placement  of  smart  devices  in  new,  nontraditional  places,  outside  the  firewalled  borders  of  enterprises  or  isolated  from  other  common  security  controls.  further,  a  smart  connected  appliance  in  the  home  in  an  iot  deployment  has  much  more  computing  power  than  the  older  generation
__label__situationalsurveillance of  dumb  appliances.  that  means  the  .  similarly,  many  iot  deployments  rely  on  analytics  and  other  computing  functions  pushed  close  to  the  edge  of  the  network,  perhaps  in  the  cloud,  or  distributed  among  iot  gateways  or  even  devices  themselves.  variously  dubbed  cloud  computing,  or  even  mist  computing,  these  examples  of  compute  creep  show  that  processing  power  and  the  ability  to  run  sophisticated  and  perhaps  malicious  code  are  landing  far  outside  the  scope  of  our  traditional  security  controls.  .  being  able  to  parse  these  thousands  of  vulnerabilities  to  pinpoint  the  ones  that  matters,  track  patches  and  apply  them,  becomes  a  for
__label__situationalsurveillance device  makers  and  their  iot  customers.  at  timesys,  we  have  captured  the  industrys  best  practices  for  securing  the  smart  devices  that  make  up  todays  iot.  our  trst  product  protection  solutions  enable  device  developers  to  audit  the  security  of  their  systems,  harden  them,  establish  secure  update  processes,  minimize  attack  surfaces,  and  reduce  the  risk  of  compromise  when  the  devices  are  deployed  in  production.  with  our  longtime  expertise  in  embedded  open  source  systems,  we  specialize  in  enhancing  and  maintaining  the  of  iot  devices  that  incorporate  open  source  components.  from  to  ,  our  solutions  enable  device  developers  to  design  more  secure  products  and
__label__situationalsurveillance maintain  a  strong  security  posture  for  them  over  time.  timesys  has  extensive  experience  with  embedded  system  development  and  lifecycle  management.  timesys  has  been  instrumental  in  working  with  global  leader  semiconductor  manufacturers  with  smart,  quick  and  quality  solutions  for  highly  complex  systems  with  accelerated  product  innovation  and  multiple  product  variants.  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  get  our  feed  or  signup  to  receive  email  notification  of  new  blogs  and  updates.  copyright  20182019  timesys  corporation.  all  rights  reserved.  timesys  security  services  this  website  uses  cookies  to  understand  how  you  use  our  site  and  to  improve  your
__label__situationalsurveillance experience.  by  continuing  to  use  our  site,  you  accept  our  use  of  cookies,  privacy  policy  and  terms  of  use.  to  avoid  the  collection  of  cookiebased  information,  you  can  visit  this  site  with  cookies  turned  off  in  your  browser.
__label__situationalsurveillance search  blog  for  learning  objectives  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  network  of  connected  devices,  each  with  a  unique  identifier  that  automatically  collects  and  exchanges  data  over  a  network.  iot  devices  are  used  in  multiple  sectors  and  industries,  including:  the  number  of  iot  devices  worldwide  now  numbers  in  the  billions.  their  increased  presence  in  our  daily  lives  has  led  to  increased  scrutiny  of  their  inherent  security  issues,  which  we  will  be  exploring  here.  to  function  as  intended,  iot  devices  need  to  be  managed  both  internally,  e.g.,  software  maintenance  and  externally  i.e.,  their  communication  with  other  devices.  this  is  accomplished
__label__situationalsurveillance by  connecting  every  iot  device  to  a  management  unit,  known  as  a  command  and  control  cc  center.  centers  are  responsible  for  software  maintenance,  configurations,  firmware  updates  to  patch  bugs  and  vulnerabilities,  as  well  as  the  provisioning  and  authentication  of  tasks,  such  as  device  enrollment.  communication  between  devices  is  enabled  via  application  program  interface  api.  once  a  devices  manufacturer  exposes  its  api,  other  devices  or  applications  can  use  it  to  gather  data  and  communicate.  some  apis  even  allow  control  over  devices.  for  example,  a  building  manager  can  use  an  api  to  remotely  lock  doors  inside  a  specific  office.  cc  centers  and
__label__situationalsurveillance apis  effectively  manage  daytoday  iot  operations.  that  said,  their  centralized  nature  creates  a  number  of  exploitable  weak  spots,  including:  the  dangers  posed  by  exploitable  devices  can  be  broken  into  two  categories:  threats  that  they  pose  to  their  users  and  threats  that  they  pose  to  others.  a  compromised  iot  device  places  its  users  at  risk  in  a  number  of  ways,  such  as:  an  iot  device  contains  vast  amounts  of  data,  much  of  which  is  unique  to  its  individual  users,  including  online  browsing/purchase  records,  credit  card  details  and  personal  health  information.  an  improperly  secured  device  leaves  this  data  vulnerable  to  theft.  whats
__label__situationalsurveillance more,  vulnerable  devices  can  be  used  as  gateways  to  other  areas  of  the  network  they  are  deployed  on,  allowing  for  more  sensitive  data  to  be  extracted.  iot  devices  are  now  commonplace  in  the  medical  industry,  with  examples  including  pacemakers,  heart  monitors  and  defibrillators.  while  convenient  e.g.,  a  doctor  can  finetune  a  patients  pacemaker  remotely,  these  devices  are  also  vulnerable  to  security  threats.  an  improperly  secured  device  can  be  exploited  to  interfere  with  a  patients  medical  care.  its  an  exceedingly  rare  occurrence,  albeit  one  to  be  considered  when  developing  a  strategy  for  securing  iot  devices.  insecure  iot  devices  are  vulnerable  to
__label__situationalsurveillance being  hijacked  and  used  in  a  a  collection  of  malwareinfected  internet  connected  devices,  possibly  numbering  in  the  millions,  controlled  from  a  remote  location.  for  perpetrators,  discovering  unprotected  devices  is  not  difficult  and  can  be  easily  achieved  by  running  widely  available  scripts  or  tools.  this  is  best  exemplified  by  the  existence  of  ,  a  publically  available  search  engine  made  for  the  discovery  of  such  devices.  as  iot  devices  have  become  more  sophisticated,  so  have  the  threats  that  they  pose.  this  has  manifested  itself  in  all  manner  of  cyberattacks,  including  widespread  spam  and  phishing  campaigns,  as  well  as  ddos  attacks.  the  latter
__label__situationalsurveillance have  been  growing  in  size  in  recent  years,  mostly  due  to  the  increased  availability  of  under  protected  iot  devices.  one  prominent  example  of  this  trend  occurred  in  2016  when  a  public  release  of  the  prompted  perpetrators  to  create  massive  iot  botnets  and  use  them  for  ddos  assaults.  this  lead  to  an  unprecedented  wave  of  attacks,  the  most  notorious  of  which  took  down  dyn  dns  services,  cutting  access  to  some  of  the  most  popular  domains  in  the  world  including  etsy,  github,  netflix,  spotify  and  twitter.  the  malware  itself  was  a  relatively  simple  script  that  scanned  open  remote  access  ports  and  tried
__label__situationalsurveillance to  gain  access  using  a  short  list  of  commonly  used  login  credentials  e.g.,  admin/admin.  still,  the  lackluster  iot  security  measures  made  these  simple  tactics  extremely  successful.  in  the  word  of  the  alleged  mirai  malware  author,  annasenpai:  with  mirai,  i  usually  pull  max  380k  bots  from  telnet  alone.  the  sheer  volume  of  internet  of  things  devices  makes  their  security  a  high  priority  and  is  crucial  for  the  future  wellbeing  of  the  internet  ecosystem.  for  device  users,  this  means  abiding  by  basic  security  best  practices,  such  as  changing  default  security  passwords  and  blocking  unnecessary  remote  access  e.g.,  when  not  required  for  a
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  functionality.  vendors  and  device  manufacturers,  on  the  other  hand,  should  take  a  broader  approach  and  invest  heavily  in  securing  iot  management  tools.  steps  that  should  be  taken  include:  imperva  cloud  waf  helps  iot  manufacturers  protect  their  cc  centers  by  providing  onedge  traffic  filtering  services  that  ensure  only  authorized  and  authenticated  client  requests  are  allowed  to  reach  their  apis.  combining  and  ,  imperva  cloud  waf  is  able  to  secure  its  users  against  all  online  threats  and  efficiently  handle  multiversioning  from  different  devices.  for  added  reliability,  the  service  is  also  equipped  with  load  balancing  and  failover  features  that  help  operators  handle
__label__situationalsurveillance organic  traffic  spikes,  such  as  the  kind  that  can  occur  upon  the  release  of  a  new  firmware  patch.  learning  objectives  related  topics  related  topics  copyright  2019  imperva.  all  rights  reserved  .  an  imperva  security  specialist  will  contact  you  shortly.
__label__situationalsurveillance role  industry  supercharge  your  iot  device  security  with  our  fips  1402  validated  crypto  software  designed  for  resourceconstrained  systems.  easily  integrate  with  hardware  and  softwarebased  secure  elements  and  cryptoaccelerators.  cybercriminals  target  your  enterprises  most  vulnerable  iot  assets.  so  do  we.  easily  integrate  with  hardware  and  softwarebased  secure  elements  and  cryptoaccelerators.  keep  your  data  and  devices  trustworthy  using  an  automated  system  of  cybersecurity.  internet  of  things  the  latest  thoughts  on  cybersecurity  management.  solution  briefs  white  papers  data  sheets  videos  webinars  case  studies  2019  mocana
__label__situationalsurveillance dmps  mind  commerce  on  top  of  the  challenges  concerning  the  management  of  ever  more  iot  devices,  key  challenges  with  regards  to  iot  device  management  include  ,  which  obviously  plays  on  the  iot  device  level  that  includes  in  the  scope  of  this  article  too  and,  among  others,  means  quick  overtheair  patching,  firmware  updating  and  iot  device  visibility  in  networks;  speed  of  processing  and  analyzing  data  to  feed  essential  business  applications  in  realtime  with  and  ,  the  role  of  and  hardwareagnostic  capabilities,  as  mentioned  in  our  post  on  ,  as  some  important  areas/evolutions  and  the  time  it  still  takes  to  onboard  new
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  devices  as  mentioned  in  our  post  on  and  you  have  some  of  the  issues  surrounding  iot  device  management.  obviously,  interoperability  in  an  ocean  of  standards  and  protocols,  network  and  communication  methods  and  so  forth,  is  another  key  topic,  as  is  scalability  in  ever  larger  with  more  iot  assets  and  devices,  certainly  in  the  verticals  of  .  table  of  contents  think  automatic  detection,  patching  and  overtheair  updates,  management  and  programming  the  same  goes  for  network  device  management  which  is  the  approach  that  some  vendors  take  with  their  solutions  such  as,  to  name  one,  iot  device  management  feature  anddevice  management  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  scope  of  network  connectivity  providers  and  broadband  operators  with,  among  others,  gemalto  device  management  that  automatically  detects  and  configures  all  mobile  devices  for  mobile  network  operators,  a  solution  from  security  expert  gemalto  which  is  cofounder  of  the  consortium  known  as  tiota  that  works  toward  a  ,  among  others  aiming  to  change  the  approaches  that  underpin  todays  iot  device  identities  and  so  on.  and  then  there  are  of  course  traditional  m2m  iot  device  management  solutions,  iot  device  management  platforms  for  more  consumeroriented  markets,  the  arm  mbed  iot  device  platform  ecosystem  approach  and  more  with  the  first  blockchain  iot  device  management
__label__situationalsurveillance applications  and  initiatives  here  too  .  in  the  context  of  this  article  we  mainly  look  at  iot  device  management  as  an  inherent  part  of  real  iot  platforms  and  industrial  iot  platforms  and  at  iot  device  management  platforms,  a.k.a.  dmps.  here  as  well  there  are  overlaps  since  iot  platforms  of  device  and  network  connectivity  providers  such  as  vodafone  and  sierra  wireless,  to  name  a  few,  offer  iot  device  management  too  more  about  that  below  .  iot  device  management  is  a  key  capability  with  several  functions  of  iot  platforms.  previously  we  mentioned  the  iot  platform  test  data  environment  machnation  is  known  from
__label__situationalsurveillance its  annual  scorecard  and  in  2018  also  published  its  first  .  horizontal  iot  apps  such  as  device  management  apps  are  too  often  incorrectly  labeled  platforms  he  emphasizes.  iot  platforms  have  specific  iot  capabilities  on  top  of  these  m2m  services  and  horizontal  iot  apps,  such  as  application  development,  application  management  and  scalability.  in  total  there  are  25  of  such  device  management  test  areas  which  are  segmented  into  following  groups:  device  deployment,  device  connectivity,  device  definitions/group,  monitoring,  edge  monitoring,  edge  management,  firmware/software  management,  remote  configuration/actions,  sunsetting  and  diagnostics/troubleshooting.  along  with  bulk  device  management  these  come  back  in  the  march  2018  which  contains
__label__situationalsurveillance handson  device  management  test  results  from  11  iot  platform  vendors  as  the  announcement  states:  altizon,  amazon,  bosch,  ge,  google,  ibm,  litmus  automation,  microsoft,  sierra  wireless,  software  ag  and  thingsboard.  among  the  typical  functions  of  dmps  are  asset  provisioning,  firmware  upgrades,  security  patching,  alerting  and  reporting  on  specific  metrics  associated  with  iot  assets,  machnation  added,  further  emphasizing  that  the  iot  dmp  space  is  not  well  understood.  earlier  in  2017,  machnation  rated  iot  device  management  vendors  in  a  scorecard  that  the  iot  device  management  space  is  quite  complex  and  until  now  has  been  less  deeply  understood  than  other  technology  sectors  in  iot.
__label__situationalsurveillance tested  dmp  vendors/solutions  included  arm,  amazon,  axonize,  bosch,  cloud  of  things,  cumulocity  software  ag  ,  devicepilot,  friendly  technologies,  huawei,  microsoft,  particle,  ptc,  proximetry  acquired  in  2017  by  ,  sierra  wireless,  sitewhere,  telit,  thingsboard  and  wind  river  intel  .  dima  tokar,  machnation  again,  we  need  to  emphasize  that  on  top  of  these  device  management  platform  vendors,  there  are  the  iot  platform  vendors  and  solutions  which  need  to  have  device  management  within  their  features  and  that  includes  several  of  the  already  mentioned  ones  .  if  youre  looking  for  companies  which  have  iot  platforms  providing  cellular  connectivity  management  and/or  other  capabilities  such  as
__label__situationalsurveillance device  management,  which  we  mentioned  earlier,  evaluating  att,  cisco,  ericsson,  huawei,  orange  business  services,  particle,  sierra  wireless,  telefonica,  telit,  verizon  and  vodafone.  attention:  the  analysis  from  idc  and  of  many  others  that  watch  the  iot  platform  and  iot  device  management  platform  market,  as  far  as  we  know,  is  not  based  upon  tests.  on  top  of  some  classic  iot  platform  considerations  from  a  business  perspective  starting  from  your  goals,  use  cases  and  iot  device  priorities  within  your  particular  context  of  iot  deployments  with  data  streams  and  analysis  as  the  key  in  powering  applications;  taking  into  account  the  roadmap  of  the  vendor
__label__situationalsurveillance and  your  own  future  iot  plans;  checking  if  the  partnerships  and  ecosystems  of  the  vendor  match  your  needs;  making  sure  there  is  support  for  evolutions  that  matter  to  you  such  as  machine  learning  and/or  edge  and  fog  and/or  iot  assets  that  matter  to  you  in  a  potentially  advanced  way  with  evolutions  such  as  and  ;  seeing  if  there  is  a  focus  on  endtoend  device  lifecycle  management  and  endtoend  solutions  with  clear  value;  checking  the  open  nature  of  the  platform  and  interoperability  for  the  present  and  future,  thereby  avoiding  lockin;  considering  whether  you  need  a  more  vertical  platform,  a  more  generic
__label__situationalsurveillance one,  a  mix  of  several  solutions  and  so  forth  below  are  some  essential  more  technical  elements  to  look  at.  and  device  management  grand  view  research  obviously,  intel  is  not  alone.  iot  device  management  solutions  such  as  intels  own  wind  river  which  is  integrated  with  intel  sdo  ,  telit  and  greenwave  systems,  to  name  a  few,  allow  for  zerotouch  onboarding  with  provisioning,  authentication  and  .  this  whole  process  of  onboarding,  provisioning,  authentication,  deployment  and  encryption  essentially  is  about  secure  and  rapid  deployment  at  scale  whereby  security  and  trust  are  key.  authentication  means  giving  an  identity  to  the  iot  device/asset  and  adding
__label__situationalsurveillance it  as  a  trusted  identity  whereby  device  provisioning  attaches  a  certificate  to  the  identity  although  approaches  and  definitions  can  vary.  in  this  process  there  is  also  an  initial  configuration  and  a  first  monitoring.  however,  obviously  configuration  and  control  need  to  be  further  finetuned  beyond  the  default  settings  in  function  of  your  iot  project  and  needs.  moreover,  you  want  to  check  for  potential  firmware  updates,  intervene  if  there  are  device  status  issues  and  check/change  configuration  settings  while  enabling  the  control  possibilities  you  need  for  device  maintenance  and  device  management.  its  here  that,  among  others,  overtheair  possibilities  become  important,  for  instance  for
__label__situationalsurveillance the  settings,  monitoring  and  diagnostics.  the  latter  is  also  important  for  security  reasons  as  diagnostics  can  point  to  security  issues.  for  machnaton  iot  device  management  platforms  have  three  essential  capabilities:  1  deployment  and  monitoring,  2  maintenance  and  management  and  3  software  and  firmware  updates  as  the  picture  below  shows.  its  close  to  the  same  as  the  mentioned  ones  whereby  here  were  in  the  latter  area.  on  top  of  managing  iot  devices  and  assets  from  a  troubleshooting,  device  status  and  health  and  diagnostics  perspective  which,  again,  already  touch  upon  the  security  aspect  withreplication  of  issues  and  corrective  measures  the  ability  to
__label__situationalsurveillance publish  security  updates  quickly  and  efficiently  helps  ensure  that  vulnerabilities  are  mitigated  before  they  can  be  exploited  by  bad  actors,  making  this  capability  a  critical  element  of  an  enterprises  security  posture  machnation  states  as  you  can  read  in  the  whitepaper  .  add  to  that  the  potential  need  to  manage  devices  within  iot  platforms  that  are  tailored  for  your  vertical  industry,  types  of  assets  and  use  cases  and  you  already  have  quite  some  considerations  regarding  iot  device  management  and  the  choices  to  make  in  a  scope  of  dmps  and  iot  platforms.  from  a  security  perspective  we  can  further  point  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance risks  of  iot  deployments  and  importance  of  security  in  iot  device  management  and  iot  platforms  in  areas  where  this  is  missioncritical.  one  can  indeed  think  about  industry  4.0,  and  resources  industries,  critical  infrastructure  with  some  wellknown  examples  of  statesponsored  attacks  ,  building  environments  hospitals,  airports  and  so  forth  and  more.  however,  security  plays  a  role  on  all  levels.  :  devices,  iot  gateways,  iot  platforms  and  the  business  applications.  its  clear  that  device  management  plays  and  security  play  on  all  levels  with  iot  gateways  included  in  iot  device  management.  nicolas  also  defines  two  transversal  layers:  security  and  communications.  its  clear  that
__label__situationalsurveillance here  as  well  security  needs  to  be  present  in  connectivity  and  that  connectivity  is  important  in  iot  device  management  standards,  protocols,  the  mentioned  device  management  platforms  in  the  scope  of  network  connectivity  providers  and  broadband  operators,  etc.  and  choosing  the  best  solution  from  this  security  viewpoint  does  matter.  in  its  march  2018  20182021,  gartner  pointed  out  that  the  selection  of  iot  device  vendors,  iot  gateways,  iot  services  and  so  forth  is  still  largely  ad  hoc  and  based  upon  the  partnerships  and  ecosystems  of  device  providers.  its  clear  that  iot  device  management  plays  a  key  role  in  its  global  iot  security
__label__situationalsurveillance spending  forecasts  which  are  depicted  below.  meaning  the  real  dmp  market  earlier  in  2017  a  mind  commerce  report  stated  that  iot  device  management  would  be  one  of  the  fastest  growing  areas  for  solution  providers  with  a  substantial  market  opportunity  for  paas  and  saas  based  iot  device  management,  expected  to  reach  3.1b  by  2022  with  north  america  leading  the  iot  device  management  platform  market  958m  by  2022  .  whereby  iot  device  management  and  iot  data  management  are  included  grand  view  research  more  recently,  in  march  2018,  grand  view  research  sent  out  various  press  releases  regarding  its  global  iot  device  management  market
__label__situationalsurveillance forecast.  ,  the  global  iot  device  management  market  would  reach  5.1b  by  2025  or  a  28.3  cagr  during  the  forecast  period.  the  company  splits  the  iot  device  management  market  up  in  several  solutions  as  you  can  see  below.  these  also  include  data  management,  to  name  one  example,  which  is  important  to  take  into  account  when  comparing  with  what  machnation  sees  as  the  functions  of  iot  device  management  as  previously  depicted.  also  network  bandwidth  management  and  realtime  streaming  analytics  are  included  on  top  of  security  and  remote  iot  device/asset  monitoring.  according  to  grand  view  research,  security  solutions  is  expected  to  be
__label__situationalsurveillance the  fastestgrowing  segment  in  the  iot  device  management  market  with  a  cagr  of  29.2  over  the  forecast  period.  also,  operational  efficiencies  are  mentioned  as  market  drivers.  grand  view  further  points  out  the  role  of  initiatives,  such  as  the  open  mobile  alliance  oma  ,  for  standardizing  protocols.  mind  commerce  pr  regardless  of  the  precise  numbers  and  all  the  forecasts  and,  considering  the  fact  that  different  analysts  do  have  different  approaches  and  views,  the  essence  remains:  make  sure  you  pick  the  right  approach  to  iot  device  management  and  right  iot  platform  with  iot  device  management  if  that  is  your  approach,  that  meets
__label__situationalsurveillance at  rambus,  we  create  cuttingedge  semiconductor  and  ip  products,  spanning  memory  and  interfaces  to  security,  smart  sensors  and  lighting.  cryptomanager  device  key  management  is  a  cloudbased  software  platform  enabling  customers  to  build  and  deploy  key  management  services  that  leverage  hardwareprovisioned  keys  and  certificates  in  chips  and  devices  over  the  entire  device  lifecycle.  cryptomanager  device  key  management  provides  a  cloudbased  software  platform  which  enables  the  building  of  key  management  services  for  chips  and  devices.  semiconductor  and  system  oems  can  leverage  these  services  to  securely  provision  identities,  device  keys,  and  certificates  to  enable  full  lifecycle  security  management.  cryptomanager  device  key  management  enables
__label__situationalsurveillance an  automated  and  secure  capability  to  connect  to  trusted  provisioning  in  manufacturing,  and  to  leverage  those  provisioned  identities  and  keys  via  the  cloud  to  deliver  valueadd  security  services.  these  services  provide  chip  and  device  makers  additional  opportunities  to  monetize  their  products  after  sale  and  shipment  to  end  users.  key  management  services  built  on  the  cryptomanager  device  key  management  platform  consist  of  four  major  components:  cryptomanager  device  key  management  enables  capabilities  and  services  including:  verification  of  device  id  and  other  chip/device  meta  data  retrieval  or  secure  replacement  of  device  keys  certificate  issuance,  delivery  and  revocation  the  cryptomanager  device  key  management  platform
__label__situationalsurveillance can  be  deployed  in  conjunction  with  cryptomanager  provisioning.  cryptomanager  provisioning  enables  the  injection  of  cryptographic  keys  and  other  sensitive  data  into  semiconductors  and  devices  throughout  a  distributed  supply  chain.  cryptomanager  provisioning  capabilities  cover  a  broad  range  of  secure  operations,  including  key  delivery  and  programming,  protection  of  debug  and  other  sensitive  ports,  and  feature  configuration  for  chips  and  devices.  manufacturers  can  leverage  securely  provisioned  keys  and  identities  to  enable  supply  chain  integrity.  device  oems  and  end  users  can  cryptographically  validate  the  identity  of  chips  and  devices  at  any  point  in  the  device  lifecycle.  chip  and  device  oems  can  offer  security  as
__label__situationalsurveillance industrial  iot  iiot  brings  machines,  cloud  computing,  analytics,  and  people  together  to  improve  the  performance  and  productivity  of  industrial  processes.  with  iiot,  industrial  companies  can  digitize  processes,  transform  business  models,  and  improve  performance  and  productivity,  while  decreasing  waste.  currently,  companies  across  a  wide  range  of  industries  are  working  on  iot  projects  that  connect  billions  of  devices  and  deliver  value  across  a  variety  of  use  cases  including  predictive  quality  and  maintenance  analytics,  asset  condition  monitoring,  and  process  optimization.  predictive  quality  analytics  extracts  actionable  insights  from  industrial  data  sources  such  as  manufacturing  equipment,  environmental  conditions,  and  human  observations  to  optimize  the  quality
__label__situationalsurveillance of  factory  output.  using  aws  iot,  industrial  manufacturers  can  build  predictive  quality  models  which  help  them  build  better  products.  higher  quality  products  increase  customer  satisfaction  and  reduce  product  recalls.  asset  condition  monitoring  captures  the  state  of  your  machines  and  equipment  to  determine  asset  performance.  with  aws  iot,  you  can  capture  all  iot  data,  such  as  temperature,  vibration,  and  error  codes  indicate  if  equipment  is  performing  optimally.  with  increased  visibility,  you  can  maximize  asset  utilization  and  fully  exploit  your  investment.  predictive  maintenance  analytics  captures  the  state  of  industrial  equipment  to  identify  potential  breakdowns  before  they  impact  production  resulting  in  an  increase
__label__situationalsurveillance in  equipment  lifespan,  worker  safety,  and  the  supply  chain  optimization.  with  aws  iot,  you  can  continuously  monitor  and  infer  equipment  status,  health,  and  performance  to  detect  issues  in  realtime.  caf  uses  aws  to  increase  train  safety  and  reduce  maintenance  costs.  pentair  uses  aws  iot  to  improve  beer  filtration  processes  and  boost  performance  by  10.  vantage  power  enables  powertrain  innovation  and  safety  for  heavyduty  vehicles  with  aws  iot.  siemens  built  a  high  quality,  scalable  and  secure  platform  to  enable  them  to  deliver  better  healthcare.  with  the  broadest  and  deepest  functionality  from  the  device  to  the  cloud,  aws  iot  helps  customers,  such
__label__situationalsurveillance as  volkswagen,  yanmar,  vantage  power,  british  gas,  solarnow,  caf,  and  honeywell,  improve  the  performance  and  productivity  of  industrial  processes.  these  customers  rely  on  aws  iot  to  build  applications  that  address  the  top  challenges  facing  industrial  customers  to  uncover  new  business  value  through  predictive  quality  analytics,  asset  condition  monitoring,  predictive  maintenance  analytics,  and  process  optimization.  aws  iot  is  a  set  of  fully  managed  services  that  make  it  easy  to  deploy  and  manage  a  complete  industrial  iot  solution.  aws  iot  provides  a  range  of  services  specifically  designed  to  make  it  easy  to  collect,  store,  and  analyze  device  data  even  in  noisy,  unreliable
__label__situationalsurveillance environments.  aws  iot  helps  customers  scale  their  industrial  iot  applications  up  to  millions  of  devices.  aws  iot  makes  it  easy  for  customers  to  secure  device  fleets  at  scale  with  builtin  device  authentication  and  authorization  to  keep  iiot  data  and  devices  protected.  learn  how  aws  iot  sitewise  can  help  you  collect,  structure,  and  search  iot  data  from  industrial  equipment  at  scale.  with  edgebased  software  and  cloudbased  services,  see  how  you  can  get  started  quickly  and  attain  your  industrial  business  goals.  predictive  maintenance  helps  industries  understand  the  condition  of  their  equipment  and  identify  potential  breakdowns  before  they  impact  production.  iiot  offers  new
__label__situationalsurveillance levels  of  predictive  maintenance  to  industrial  enterprises.  using  insights  from  industrial  data  sources  such  as  the  equipment  itself,  environmental  conditions,  and  human  observations,  industrial  companies  can  determine  the  best  actions  to  take.  industry  4.0  is  here,  and  organizations  are  rapidly  automating  factory  floors,  machinery,  and  production  lines.  industry  4.0  promises  to  improve  efficiency  and  lower  operational  costs,  but  there  are  challenges  along  the  way  such  as  device  security,  device  management  across  diverse  fleets,  and  analytics.  learn  more  about  aws  iot  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  internet  of  things  iot  is  an  immature  market,  but  that  hasnt  stopped  companies  from  attaching  sensors  to  assets  for  .  the  security  risks  these  networked  devices  pose  are  often  misunderstood,  underestimated  and  underreported:  according  to  gartner  research,  in  the  past  three  years,  and  more  than  a  third  of  those  companies  were  completely  unaware  of  the  breach.  full  report  available  to  gartner  clients.  software  advice  recently  offered  security  tips  to  those  using  an  and  published  .  in  this  report,  we  summarize  the  findings  of  a  new  security  survey  to  understand  what  makes  spotting  and  preventing  intrusions  difficult  and  offer  tips
__label__situationalsurveillance for  better  securing  your  iot  network.  the  by  ceb,  now  gartner,  polled  more  than  40  information  security  leaders  from  organizations  in  18  industriesincluding  energy  and  utilities,  pharmaceuticals,  and  several  types  of  manufacturingwho  utilize  an  iot  system.  the  common  use  cases  of  this  technology  illustrate  how  wideranging  the  security  concern  is.  multiple  uses  for  the  iot  have  emerged  over  time,  most  importantly  for  maintenance  professionals  in  manufacturing  and  other  assetintensive  industries  who  can  use  the  technology  for  realtime  condition  monitoring.  however,  the  focus  on  security  control  systems  isnt  keeping  pace  with  practical  implementation.  the  business  world  is  placing  confidence  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance iot,  but  it  is  not  prepared  for  the  consequences  of  a  potential  attack,  which  could  include  stolen  intellectual  property  or  data,  safety  hazards,  and  the  infection  of  your  systems  with  viruses  or  malware.  with  millions  of  things  already  connected  in  manufacturing,  fleet  management,  and  other  industries,  its  important  to  understand  the  common  security  challenges  businesses  face.  management  and  it  professionals  across  industry  should  address  poor  visibility  into  and  a  lack  of  understanding  of  the  entire  iot  project,  poor  vendor  support,  and  a  lack  of  standardized  security  protocols.  they  can  do  this  by  implementing  new  tools  and  by  understanding  vendor  capabilities.
__label__situationalsurveillance here  are  three  key  iot  security  measures  to  take  before  implementing  any  iot  project.  poor  vendor  support  usually  refers  to  a  vendors  inability  to  support  your  iot  project  from  implementation  through  future  use.  as  you  use  a  technology,  your  vendor  should  be  able  to  help  you  overcome  challenges  and  offer  you  new  solutions  after  all,  they  want  you  to  successfully  leverage  their  technology.  but  some  providers  simply  dont  have  the  necessary  resources  or  experience  to  provide  this  service.  depending  on  the  sophistication  of  your  maintenance  strategy,  you  may  already  have  a  or  .  if  not,  youll  likely  have  to  evaluate
__label__situationalsurveillance two  different  vendors  for  maintenance  and  iot  capabilities.  here  are  some  questions  you  can  ask  each  to  determine  which  can  offer  the  best  longterm  support:  when  evaluating  vendors,  its  easy  to  get  caught  up  in  product  features.  instead,  keep  your  goals  in  mind  and  inquire  about  and  the  final  security  concern  is  a  lack  of  standards  and  norms  around  the  use  of  iot  technology.  because  the  technology  is  still  relatively  new,  iot  devices  rely  on  a  variety  of  different  protocols  and  network  types  to  operate.  it  helps  your  search  to  be  aware  of  these  networks  and  protocols  so  you  can
__label__situationalsurveillance match  vendor  capabilities  to  your  needs:  unless  youre  building  an  iot  platform  from  scratch,  you  wont  need  to  evaluate  the  merits  of  each  of  these  protocols.  but  its  good  to  be  aware  of  them  so  youre  able  to  match  your  specific  needs  with  the  vendor  and  standards  that  best  suit  your  iot  project.  when  you  connect  networked  sensors  to  your  assets,  it  tends  to  expose  your  system  to  attack.  malicious  hackers  look  for  the  easiest,  least  suspicious  way  into  your  network  to  steal  intellectual  property,  sensitive  data  or  trade  secrets.  thats  why  you  and  your  it  team,  if  applicable  should
__label__situationalsurveillance maintain  an  accurate  inventory  of  iot  devices  in  your  facilityto  illuminate  any  dark  corners  of  your  network.  conduct  regular  audits  of  the  sensors,  equipment  and  other  assets  connected  to  your  network.  you  can  use  your  existing  maintenance  software,  such  as  a  or  an  ,  to  track  these  devices  like  you  would  any  other  machine.  shodan.io  is  an  inexpensive  way  to  check  the  visibility  of  your  connected  devices  though  large  enterprise  users  of  iot  technology  are  more  attractive  targets  for  malicious  hackers  and  intrusions,  all  companies  using  iot  devices  can  and  should  take  simple  steps  to  maintain  a  secure  network.  to
__label__situationalsurveillance recap:  we  also  have  other  reports  on:  ,  and  using  .  if  you  want  some  personal  guidance,  reach  out  to  our  advisors  at  844  6894876  for  a  free  consultation  to  identify  your  best  options.  how  to  avoid  the  worst  manufacturing  cyber  security  risks  3  ways  iot  in  manufacturing  boosts  productivity  and  a  roadmap  to  get  there  set  up  predictive  maintenance  anomaly  detection  to  catch  costly  failures
__label__situationalsurveillance refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  to  gather  insights  on  the  current  and  future  state  of  iot,  we  talked  to  23  executives  involved  with  iot.  we  asked  them,  what  are  realworld  problems  you,  or  your  clients,  are  solving  with  iot?  heres  who  we  spoke  to:  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__situationalsurveillance getty  images  dan  jamieson  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys
__label__situationalsurveillance talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other
__label__situationalsurveillance search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  two  years  ago,  predictive  maintenance  was  forecast  to  be  one  of  the  most  promising  uses  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iot.  thats  the  lead  of  report  based  on  a  recent  survey  of  more  than  600  hightech  executives  ,  by  bain  partners  michael  schallehn,  christopher  schorling,  peter  bowen  and  oliver  straehle.  the  report  goes  on  to  note  that  identifying  precisely  when  equipment  might  fail  seemed  like  a  nobrainer.  and
__label__situationalsurveillance yet,  the  report  concludes,  predictive  maintenance  has  failed  to  take  off  as  broadly  as  expected.  in  fact,  industrial  leaders  were  not  as  excited  about  predictive  maintenance  as  they  were  back  in  a  2016  survey.  according  to  bain,  there  have  been  problems  on  the  both  sides  of  the  ball:  first,  implementing  has  been  harder  than  expected,  and  second,  deriving  valuable  insights  from  the  data  gathered  has  also  turned  out  to  be  unexpectedly  challenging.  but  wait,  it  gets  worse.  it  seems  that  predictive  maintenance  is  just  one  of  many  iot  use  cases  that  customers  have  had  difficulty  integrating  into  their  existing  operational
__label__situationalsurveillance technology  and  it  systems.  while  investment  in  proofofconcept  projects  continues,  the  bain  report  said,  actually  turning  that  into  successful  mainstream  implementations  hasnt  been  able  to  keep  up.  longterm  enthusiasm  for  the  technology  remains  strong,  the  survey  showed,  but  many  industrial  organizations  now  foresee  implementation  taking  longer  than  initially  predicted.  bain  still  predicts  the  market  to  double  by  2021,  topping  200  billion.  those  delays  come  along  with  a  shift  in  the  concerns  of  industrial  iot  users.  in  2016,  top  concerns  centered  on  security,  return  on  investment,  and  integrating  iot  solutions  with  existing  it  systems.  after  a  couple  years  of  poc  projects,
__label__situationalsurveillance security  remains  a  key  concern  in  2018,  and  worries  around  gathering  sufficient  technical  expertise,  dealing  with  multiple  data  formats,  and  transition  risks  have  become  even  more  intense.  roi  concerns,  meanwhile,  have  faded  a  bit.  could  it  be  that  industrial  iot  projects  are  actually  paying  off?  none  of  this  should  come  as  a  huge  surprise.  the  transition  from  promising  vision  to  practical  success  often  faces  unforeseen  roadblocks.  but  while  these  impediments  can  loom  large  during  the  early  adoption  phase,  they  tend  to  be  quickly  forgotten  once  the  technology  achieves  widespread  success,  indeed,  the  bain  report  notes  that  given  the  progress  in
__label__situationalsurveillance sensor  technology,  5g  connectivity,  edge  computing  and  edge  analytics,  and  an  estimated  20  billion  devices  connected  by  2020,  theres  little  doubt  of  the  potential  for  technology  to  vastly  improve  efficiency  and  no  doubt  that  the  iot  will  have  to  manage  it.  to  overcome  these  issues,  bain  says,  analytics  firms,  industrial  technology  makers  and  cloud  service  providers  must  help  their  customers  gain  deeper  experience  in  industryspecific  applications  and  offer  more  complete,  endtoend  iot  solutions.  in  the  short  run,  though,  that  may  not  be  so  easy,  for  a  variety  of  reasons.  first,  industrial  iot  vendors  and  users  dont  always  agree  on  whats
__label__situationalsurveillance important  and  whats  ready  for  prime  time,  the  bain  survey  revealed.  for  example,  while  quality  control  and  remote  monitoring  and  tracking  of  equipment  ranked  high  among  both  groups,  customers  wanted  augmented  reality/virtual  reality  ar/vr  and  energy  management  solutions,  which  vendors  were  less  ready  to  deliver.  on  the  other  hand,  vendors  said  they  were  ready  to  deploy  predictive  maintenance  solutions,  but  its  not  clear  customers  are  waiting  in  line  to  buy  them.  notably,  smartcity  use  cases,  which  have  received  a  lot  of  press  attention,  were  not  top  of  the  list  for  either  vendors  or  customers.  software  deficiencies  also  remain  a  problem.
__label__situationalsurveillance according  to  bain,  device  makers  and  other  vendors  of  industrial  and  operational  technology  need  to  dramatically  improve  their  software  capabilitiesnot  a  historical  strength  for  most  of  them.  the  report  notes  that  many  vendors  are  spending  freely  on  acquisitions  to  accumulate  the  required  capabilities.  finally,  bain  suggests  that  industrial  iot  vendors  focus  on  enabling  key  use  cases  and  overcoming  critical  barriers,  plus  leverage  partnerships  to  fill  the  inevitable  capability  gaps.  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs
__label__situationalsurveillance jun  20,  2019  4:56:09  pm  /  by  more  iot  analytics  is  a  new  and  challenging  field.  it  takes  in  huge  volumes  of  heterogeneous  data  from  iot  devices,  with  the  objective  of  processing,  storing,  and  extracting  business  value  from  them.  this  requires  a  combination  of  tools,  from  data  lakes  to  stream  processing  frameworks  and  analytics  tools.  this  article  will  help  you  understand  how  iot  analytics  is  used  in  different  industries,  what  are  the  key  challenges  involved  in  extracting  value  from  iot  data,  and  how  to  solve  them  with  a  state  of  the  art  iot  analytics  infrastructure.  the  objective  of  iot  analytics
__label__situationalsurveillance is  to  gain  value  from  large  volumes  of  data  generated  by  devices  connected  via  the  internet  of  things  iot.  iot  analytics  is  typically  connected  to  the  industrial  iot  iiot.  organizations  use  iiot  to  collect  and  analyze  data  from  pipelines,  weather  stations,  sensors  on  manufacturing  equipment,  smart  meters,  delivery  trucks,  and  other  machinery.  iot  analytics  is  also  used  in  retail,  data  center  management,  healthcare.  iot  data  is  a  subset  of  big  data,  and  is  constantly  growing  in  volume,  variety  and  velocity  the  3vs  model.  it  consists  of  heterogeneous  streams  that  need  to  be  transformed  and  combined  to  produce  current,  comprehensive  and
__label__situationalsurveillance accurate  information  for  business  analysis  and  reporting.  many  iot  devices  were  not  developed  for  compatibility  with  other  iot  devices  and  systems.  iot  data  integration  is  thus  complex,  as  is  the  analytics  that  relies  on  it.  focuses  on  whats  happening,  by  monitoring  the  status  of  iot  devices,  machines,  products  and  assets.  determines  if  things  are  going  as  planned,  and  notifies  if  anomalies  occur.  descriptive  analytics  is  generally  implemented  as  dashboards  that  show  current  and  historical  sensor  data,  key  performance  indicators  kpis,  statistics  and  alerts.  addresses  questions  such  as:  answers  the  question:  why  is  something  happening?  analyzes  iot  data  to  identify  core
__label__situationalsurveillance problems  and  to  fix  or  improve  a  service,  product  or  process.  diagnostic  capabilities  are  typically  extensions  to  dashboards  that  permit  users  to  drill  into  data,  compare  it,  and  visualize  correlations  and  trends  in  an  adhoc  manner.  many  organizations  employ  domain  experts  knowledgeable  about  a  specific  process,  machine,  device  or  product,  rather  than  data  scientists,  to  perform  diagnostics  on  data.  addresses  questions  such  as:  raises  the  question:  what  will  happen?  assesses  the  likelihood  that  something  will  happen  within  a  specific  timeframe,  according  to  historical  data.  the  aim  is  to  proactively  take  corrective  action  before  an  undesired  outcome  occurs,  to  mitigate  risk,
__label__situationalsurveillance or  to  isolate  opportunities.  typically  implemented  via  machine  learning  models  that  are  trained  with  historical  data,  and  stationed  on  the  cloud  so  that  they  can  be  accessed  by  enduser  applications.  addresses  questions  such  as:  poses  the  question:  what  action  should  i  take?  suggests  actions  based  on  the  result  of  a  prediction  or  diagnosis,  or  provides  some  visibility  to  the  rationale  behind  a  prediction  or  diagnostic.  recommendations  tend  to  be  about  how  to  optimize  or  fix  something.  addresses  questions  such  as:  iot  analytics  can  help  optimize  marketing  and  sales  for  companies  selling  large  quantities  of  physical  items:  manufacturers  in  industries  including
__label__situationalsurveillance automotive,  electronics,  durable  goods,  and  chemicals,  have  invested  in  iot  analytics  to  improve  production  efficiency.  they  use  manufacturing  equipment  with  intelligent  sensors  to  help  with  smart  manufacturing.  this  aids  in  cost  containment  and  revenue  generation,  for  example,  by  saving  on  energy  costs.  the  development  of  health  apps  and  connected  medical  devices  has  lead  to  patientcentered  analytics.  the  apps  or  devices  are  programmed  to  automatically  provide  alerts  and  initiate  a  response  from  a  healthcare  professional  when  a  health  problem  is  detected.  for  example,  an  inhaler  with  sensors  to  monitor  environmental  conditions  that  can  affect  asthmatic  patients.  sensors  are  now  embedded  in
__label__situationalsurveillance diagnostic  equipment,  personal  health  and  fitness  equipment,  surgical  robots,  drug  dispensing  systems,  and  implantable  devices.  these  sensors  enable  realtime  monitoring  of  patients,  and  also  monitoring  equipment  to  minimize  downtime  and  avoid  failures.  iot  analytics  can  be  applied  to  a  predictive  maintenance  model,  where  sensors  keep  track  of  the  condition  of  infrastructure  and  equipment.  for  example,  sensors  embedded  in  roads  or  train  tracks  can  relay  ultrasonic  and  vibrational  data  in  real  time,  allowing  maintenance  teams  to  repair  vulnerable  sections  of  the  road  or  track  before  they  are  damaged.  one  way  to  view  iot  analytics  challenges  is  to  consider  a  possible  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance deployment.  lets  take  the  following  scenario.  a  huge  industrial  food  storage  warehouse  and  distribution  center  uses  internetconnected  devices  to  maintain  the  temperature  of  specific  zones,  such  as  a  refrigeration  area  for  items  that  need  ongoing,  nonfreezing  cooling,  and  a  freezer  area  for  items  that  need  to  be  consistently  frozen.  the  total  amount  of  data  being  collected  may  be  so  large  that  it  may  not  be  possible  to  move  it  over  the  network  to  a  central  location.  take,  for  example,  a  single  outside  temperature  sensor  in  the  warehouse.  to  fulfill  its  role  it  transmits  data,  including  temperature,  humidity,  battery  level,  software
__label__situationalsurveillance versions,  hardware  versions,  and  motion/position  changes.  sensors  could  transmit  this  information  every  30  seconds,  and  there  could  be  several  hundred  of  these  sensors  across  the  warehouse.  this  may  be  only  one  of  dozens  of  sensor  types.  it  is  essential  for  connected  devices  to  work  together  for  most  iot  use  cases,  but  this  approach  raises  security  issues.  the  overall  security  profile  is  only  as  effective  as  the  weakest  device.  if  the  security  on  a  specific  vendors  outdoor  sensor  is  weak,  and  the  sensor  is  connected  to  other  devices,  the  likelihood  of  indirect  critical  impact  is  high.  attackers  can  compromise  the  sensor
__label__situationalsurveillance and  modify  its  data  or  exploit  the  connection  to  other  devices  to  cause  damage.  for  example,  a  breached  sensor  could  provide  the  system  with  an  incorrect  outdoor  temperature  reading  to  the  system.  the  system  could  adjust  a  zone  temperature  in  a  way  that  destroys  the  food  in  that  area.  these  are  devices  or  sensors  that  go  bad  and  begin  sending  false  readings  to  the  system.  for  example,  a  low  battery,  a  software  bug,  or  a  hardware  failure,  could  cause  such  readings.  this  could  ruin  the  inventory  of  the  warehouse.  iot  analytics  requires  three  key  components  to  operate:  storage,  stream  processing
__label__situationalsurveillance software,  and  an  analytics  engine.  in  an  iot  architecture,  there  are  thousands  of  sensors  collecting  huge  volumes  of  unstructured  data,  from  clickstream  data  to  video  footage.  modern  data  streaming  architectures  use  data  lakes  like  amazon  s3  to  store  this  raw  data.  the  benefits  of  data  lakes  are  that  they  can  grow  indefinitely,  integrate  with  many  processing  and  analytics  tools,  and  provide  a  relatively  low  cost  of  storage.  you  can  read  more  about  the  advantages  of  data  lakes  .  to  enable  analytics  on  iot  data,  organizations  need  to  plan  their  storage  carefully.  just  dumping  data  into  a  data  lake  with  no
__label__situationalsurveillance prior  treatment  can  create  a  data  swamp.  is  a  stream  processing  and  data  lake  management  platform  that  can  save  iot  data  to  a  data  lake  in  a  format  that  enables  sqlbased  analysis  by  traditional  analytics  tools.  stream  processing  allows  you  to  analyze  continuous  data  flows  in  memory,  with  only  state  changes  transported  to  a  database  or  file  system.  this  process,  called  change  data  capture  cdc,  is  useful  in  an  iot  setting  as  it  permits  a  system  to  recognize  relevant  information  while  removing  less  useful  data  points.  an  event  stream  processor,  like  ,  lets  you  write  logic  for  each  actor,  representing
__label__situationalsurveillance a  type  of  iot  device  which  is  transmitting  data,  wire  the  actors  up,  and  connect  them  to  data  sources.  connecting  the  stream  processor  to  large  numbers  of  data  sources  in  an  iot  environment,  and  managing  storage  effectively,  is  a  major  challenge  and  requires  data  engineering  expertise.  upsolver  provides  an  endtoend  stream  processing  solution,  based  on  kafka,  which  lets  you  set  up  an  iot  analytics  pipeline  without  needing  to  invest  in  data  engineering.  lets  you  integrate  with  data  sources  in  one  click  and  store  everything  in  a  data  lake,  in  an  optimized  format  that  permits  high  performance,  sqlbased  analysis.  several  vendors
__label__situationalsurveillance provide  purposebuilt  analytics  engines  designed  to  work  with  iot  data.  you  can  use  one  of  these  solutions,  or  analyze  iot  data  directly  with  standard  analytics  tools,  like  you  would  any  type  of  big  data.  aws  iot  analytics  transforms,  filters  and  enriches  iot  data  prior  to  storing  it  in  a  timeseries  data  store  for  analysis.  it  collects  data  from  your  devices,  transforms  it  into  a  usable  form,  enriches  the  data  with  devicespecific  metadata,  and  stores  the  processed  data.  you  can  then  analyze  data  by  initiating  adhoc  or  scheduled  queries  using  the  builtin  sql  query  engine,  or  run  machine  learning  algorithms  on
__label__situationalsurveillance the  data.  aws  iot  analytics  includes  prebuilt  models  for  common  iot  use  cases  like  predictive  maintenance  and  smart  agriculture.  azure  stream  analytics  integrates  with  open  source  cloud  platforms  to  provide  real  time  analytics  on  data  from  iot  applications  and  devices.  azure  iot  analytics  allows  you  to:  upsolver  lets  you  transform  iot  streaming  data  into  workable  data,  enhancing  timetovalue  and  increasing  the  success  rate  of  streaming  data  projects.  upsolvers  facilitates  streaming  data  integration,  preparation,  and  management  in  cloud  data  lakes,  allowing  a  single  user  with  no  data  engineering  expertise  to  transform  streaming  data  into  analytics,  using  a  draganddrop  data  interface.  this
__label__situationalsurveillance provides  the  analytical  capabilities  of  a  database,  at  the  scale  of  a  data  lake.  integrate  data  between  all  key  input  and  output  platforms  and  your  current  data  lake.  upsolver  deals  with  file  management  and  optimization  of  your  data  lake,  whether  on  or  onpremise.  topics:  ,  ,  ,  2018  upsolver  all  rights  reserved.  call:
__label__situationalsurveillance by  jerome  rampon,  ceo,algodone  internet  of  things  iot  promises  great  business  opportunities  for  the  semiconductor  companies,  system  integrators,  and  service  providers.  however,  iot  security  is  a  major  concern  to  this  promised  growth  because  there  are  many  weak  security  links  in  the  iot  ecosystem.  this  article  proposes  a  way  to  secure  iot  devices  and  standardize  iot  usage  through  silicon  licensing.  we  are  surrounded  by  iot  devices  today.  from  connected  household  appliances,  wearables,  industrial  robots,  healthcare  monitors,  to  smart  cars,  smart  meters,  and  smartphones,  billions  of  connected  electronic  devices  are  improving  our  lives  and  changing  the  world  we  live  in.  the  already
__label__situationalsurveillance realized  and  promised  iot  market  growth  speaks  volume  for  the  future  of  iot.  in  2014,  the  size  of  the  worldwide  iot  market  is  2,690  billion  euros.  by  2020,  it  is  projected  to  grow  to  7,474  billion  euros,  representing  10  of  global  worldwide  gdp  growth  domestic  product.  according  to  idc  international  data  corporation,  among  the  7,474  billion  euros,  only  1,700  billion  euros  will  come  from  iot  solutions  providers  technology  and  products  providers  along  the  supply  chain.  the  most  significant  market  growth,  as  predicted  by  most  experts,  will  be  driven  by  businesstobusiness  b2b  and  businesstobusinesstoconsumer  b2b2c  usages  in  4  principal  industrial  domains:
__label__situationalsurveillance however,  to  enable  the  promised  growth,  we  must  resolve  the  security  challenges.  security  is  atop  concern  of  the  iot  community  because  of  the  importance  of  the  data  at  stake  and  the  technical  complexity  existing  in  the  communication  network  and  cloud  infrastructure.  there  are  three  main  targets  for  hackers  to  access  the  functionalities  and  data  of  a  connected  device:  consequently,  an  essential  pillar  to  secure  an  iot  device  and  preserve  any  stored  data  or  communicated  data  relies  on  the  protection  of  the  iot  device  itself  throughout  its  entire  life  cycle,  from  conception  to  manufacturing  to  final  use.  the  iot  ecosystem  involves
__label__situationalsurveillance many  diverse  players  and  each  faces  a  distinct  set  of  security  challenges.  2.1  software  software,  either  embedded  or  at  the  application  level,  remains  the  weakest  link  in  the  iot  ecosystem.  it  requires  less  resources  to  hack  software  systems  compared  to  hardware,  as  manifested  by  the  numerous  data  breach  stories  in  the  news.  in  addition,  not  all  software  providers  have  enough  security  expertise  to  take  the  necessary  security  measures.  what  makes  it  even  worse  for  iot  software  is  the  sheer  magnitude  of  the  different  types  of  iot  devices  available,  hence  the  different  types  of  software  provided  to  support  these  iot  functionalities.
__label__situationalsurveillance all  these  broaden  the  spectrum  of  attacks  in  enterprises  and  at  consumers  level  for  iot.  consumers  oem,  industrial  oems  and  mobile  networks  operators  telco  or  isp  have  to  work  together  to  provide  an  endtoend  security  solution,  taking  into  account  hardware  security.  2.2  cloud  infrastructure  iot  devices  often  need  to  monitor  and  collect  data  as  well  as  send  the  data  to  cloud  for  processing.  cloud  infrastructure  is  also  a  prominent  target  of  threats  as  it  is  observable  and  the  surface  of  attack  is  large.  numerous  efforts  have  been  taken  to  improve  cloud  security:  iot  cloud  security  requires  a  tight  combination  of
__label__situationalsurveillance secured  hardware  devices  and  software  processes  to  provide  the  end  to  end  security.  this  is  a  not  trivial  task  as  there  are  many  suppliers  and  stakeholders  involved.  2.3  iot  network  most  current  iot  devices  are  connected  through  mobile  2g/3g/4g  or  local  networks  wifi,  bluetooth,  lifi,  with  ethernet  gateways.  dedicated  specific  communication  networks  have  emerged  via  lpwan  low  power  wide  area  network  infrastructure  development,  with  a  goal  of  low  power  consumption  so  that  battery  operated  iot  devices  can  be  active  over  decades.  the  lpwan  are  in  strong  deployment  phases  with  different  protocols  and  deployment  structures  and  business  models,  with  two  competing
__label__situationalsurveillance trends:  no  matter  what  kind  of  network,  cellular  or  noncellular  based,  iot  network  security  is  a  real  concern.  first  of  all,  there  are  limited  cryptographic  solutions  in  terms  of  communication  protocols  and  deployment.  solutions  with  hardware  secure  elements  in  devices  are  recommended  to  create  a  complete  layer  of  security,  however,  they  are  not  universally  adopted,  partly  because  the  cost  of  adding  hardware  secure  elements  in  the  system  is  a  barrier  of  adoption  for  endpoint  iot  devices  targeting  a  low  price  point.  as  a  result,  many  industrial  use  cases  with  safety  requirements  and  highsecurity  challenges  transport,  energy,  nuclear,  military  need  their
__label__situationalsurveillance own  layers  of  security.  2.4  iot  devices  last,  but  not  the  least,  is  the  security  challenge  of  managing  the  iot  device  itself.  this  is  exacerbated  by  the  fact  that  these  iot  devices  are  connected  and  often  reconfigurable  throughout  the  devices  life  cycle.  when  the  firmware  and  hardware  of  the  iot  devices  are  modified  in  the  field  over  the  air  or  not,  security  is  not  anymore  static  at  device  manufacturing  before  sale  or  first  deployment  steps.  instead,  security  needs  to  be  thought  out  and  managed  throughout  the  full  lifecycle  of  the  iot  devices.  the  responsibility  of  iot  device  security  management  is
__label__situationalsurveillance hence  increased.  for  example,  new  iot  devices  may  need  to  be  integrated  into  a  fleet  of  existing  iot  devices  with  interoperability  and  security  management  authentication  of  new  devices,  enrolment  in  the  fleet,  and  sharing  of  communication  keys.  some  devices  may  become  obsolete  and  would  need  to  be  securely  removed  from  an  iot  fleet  or  network.  identity  management,  for  all  these  operations,  and  monetization  of  software/firmware  updates  are  new  areas  of  security  challenges.  to  address  the  iot  device  security  challenge,  we  propose  a  new  silicon  licensing  scheme  to  personalize  each  iot  device  so  that  each  of  the  billions  of  iot  devices
__label__situationalsurveillance can  be  uniquely  identified  and  managed.  compared  to  hardware  secure  element,  the  silicon  licensing  approach  is  a  light  weight  security  solution  that  can  be  used  even  for  low  price  point  iot  devices.  in  addition,  licensed  iot  devices  also  allow  for  a  new  business  model  so  that  iot  device  makers  can  offer  deviceasaservice,  rather  than  sell  iot  devices  at  low  profit  margin.  silicon  licensing  is  enabled  through  a  soft  rtl  ip  that  needs  to  be  embedded  in  the  host  processor  or  microcontroller  will  refer  to  as  host  in  the  following  discussion  inside  the  iot  device.  each  silicon  license  is  tied  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  unique  chip  id  the  dna  of  the  host,  such  that  the  unique  identity  offered  by  the  host  is  extended  to  the  iot  device  itself.  the  key  benefit  of  the  siliconbased  licensing  is  its  secure  nature  because  it  takes  much  more  significant  effort  and  cost  to  hack  a  hardware  device.  each  license  provisioned  is  for  a  specific  iot  device,  much  like  the  ignition  key  of  a  car  is  unique  to  the  car  itself.  with  unique  silicon  licenses,  even  when  a  particular  device  is  attacked,  the  whole  fleet  of  similar  iot  devices  will  still  be  intact.  another  key  component  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance silicon  licensing  scheme  is  the  secure  cloudbased  server  which  is  used  to  provision,  manage,  and  store  these  unique  licenses  to  allow  only  authorized  parties  the  access  to  the  license  database.  silicon  licensing  personalizes  each  iot  device  and  allows  the  transmission  of  sensitive  data  from  a  remote  cloud  server  to  and  from  the  device  with  a  personalized  encryption  layer  so  that  sensitive  data  such  as  firmware  upgrades  can  be  transmitted  securely  to  a  specific  iot  device.  the  following  are  some  of  the  specific  use  cases  that  can  benefit  from  silicon  licensing.  3.1  infield  upgrade  iot  devices  need  to  be  reconfigurable  and
__label__situationalsurveillance upgradable  throughout  the  devices  life  cycle.  firmware  over  the  air  fota  can  be  done  remotely  to  enable  new  features  and  functionalities,  as  well  as  to  perform  maintenance  operations.  however,  for  security  purposes,  such  changes  of  device  software  or  hardware  must  be  certified  or  authenticated,  i.e.  only  authorized  entities  such  as  the  device  maker  or  the  iot  operator  have  the  rights  to  modify  the  iot  device.  this  is  to  prevent  any  malicious  update  that  could  use  standard  update  channels  to  modify  and  control  the  device  with  open  doors.  additionally,  this  also  ensures  the  integrity  of  the  update  to  make  sure  nothing
__label__situationalsurveillance is  added  by  an  unauthorized  third  party.  similar  to  software  licensing  used  to  control  and  manage  software  applications,  silicon  licensing  is  ideal  for  managing  and  controlling  infield  iot  device  configurations  and  upgrades.  a  feature  or  capability,  which  was  designed  in  the  system  but  not  enabled,  can  be  easily  enabled  through  a  new  license  and  secure  cloudtochip  encrypted  communication.  one  example  of  such  use  is  to  temporarily  increase  the  bandwidth  of  iot  network  to  perform  firmware  update  and  change  it  back  to  the  standard  lower  rate  once  the  update  is  completed.  because  each  license  is  personalized  to  a  unique  iot  device,
__label__situationalsurveillance it  is  possible  to  offer  a  finely  controlled  firmware  upgrade  to  targeted  iot  devices,  opening  doors  for  monetization  opportunities.  3.2  key  and  signature  provisioning  iot  connection  is  useful  to  the  management  of  device  keys  and  signatures.  much  iot  security  is  based  on  either  permanent  master  keys  on  iot  devices  or  temporary  keys  that  can  be  regularly  updated  onboard.  the  temporary  keys  are  often  used  in  critical  systems  to  offer  better  security  by  limiting  the  time  of  potential  attack.  however,  key  updates  require  regular  painful  maintenance  operations  that  cannot  be  performed  remotely.  silicon  licensing  can  help  simplify  the  renewal  of  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance security  credentials  such  as  cryptographic  keys,  signatures  and  certificates  remotely  over  potentially  unsecure  iot  networks.  with  its  secured  transmission  container,  the  cloud  license  server  can  send  new  temporary  keys  remotely  embedded  in  the  silicon  licensing,  making  iot  devices  more  secure  through  frequent  temporary  key  updates.  3.3  metering  for  payperuse  nowadays,  many  iot  edge  devices  are  not  simply  dumb  sensors  which  collect  data  that  is  then  sent  to  the  cloud  for  processing.  instead,  they  often  have  significant  ai  functionalities  built  in  to  offer  preliminary  data  computation  and  processing  at  the  edge  so  as  to  reduce  the  amount  of  data  sent  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  cloud.  an  example  can  be  an  intelligent  video  camera  installed  at  retail  stores  to  record  customers  traffic  patterns  and  offer  analysis  so  as  to  improve  the  retail  stores  profit.  instead  of  selling  these  highend  iot  devices  as  products  to  profit  from  a  thin  costplus  margin,  these  devices  can  be  used  as  a  platform  to  enable  the  payperuse  business  model  so  they  can  bring  longterm  recurring  revenue  to  the  iot  device  makers.  silicon  licensing  offers  an  ideal  solution  for  this  use  model.  the  embedded  silicon  ip  can  be  used  to  meter  data  processed  at  the  edge  iot  device  and  transmit
__label__situationalsurveillance such  information  back  to  the  cloud  server  for  processing  and  billing  by  the  iot  device  makers  or  iot  operators.  3.4  health  usage  monitoring  system  hums  continuous  system  monitoring  is  an  area  for  iot  devices  to  help  ensure  the  availability,  reliability,  and  safety  of  any  systems,  for  example,  for  industrial  robots  or  autonomous  driving  vehicles.  for  such  applications,  it  is  important  to  retrieve  realtime  data  so  as  to  improve  the  maintenance  accuracy  based  on  information  from  various  iot  sensors.  once  again,  through  silicon  licensing,  such  data  can  be  securely  transmitted  from  the  unique  iot  device  to  the  cloud  server  so  that
__label__situationalsurveillance proper  alert  on  maintenance  requests  can  be  issued.  through  the  discussion  of  iot  security  requirements  and  the  many  different  use  cases  that  require  secure  and  personalized  iottocloud  communication,  we  have  shown  that  silicon  licensing  is  a  novice  concept  to  meet  these  requirements.  while  the  concept  and  benefits  of  silicon  licensing  are  easy  to  understand,  it  requires  significant  security  expertise  to  create  such  a  system  with  both  the  embedded  silicon  ip  and  the  cloud  server  platform  so  as  to  withstand  potential  attack.  algodones  silicon  activation  licensing  technology  salt  is  architected  to  offer  a  light  weight,  low  cost,  and  secure  solution  to
__label__situationalsurveillance by  read  april  19,  2017  2  the  industrial  iot  has  already  proven  its  versatility  with  deployments  going  live  in  various  enterprises,  showing  off  dozens  of  different  use  cases.  but  a  few  key  uses  consistently  present  themselves  within  the  same  trade,  and  even  throughout  different  industries.  its  important  to  note  that  internet  of  thing  use  cases  will  continue  to  expand  in  the  coming  years.  that  said,  we  have  compiled  the  top  five  industrial  iot  use  cases  of  today.  to  learn  more  about  how  ibm  watson  iot  can  help  you  improve  operational  efficiency  by  optimizing  asset  maintenance,  watch  the  webinar  or  .
__label__situationalsurveillance keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines  and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated
__label__situationalsurveillance task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  key  is  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time.  this  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  a  smart  meter  is  an  internetcapable  device  that  measures  energy,  water  or  natural  gas  consumption  of  a  building  or  home,  .  traditional  meters  only  measure
__label__situationalsurveillance total  consumption,  whereas  smart  meters  record  when  and  how  much  of  a  resource  is  consumed.  power  companies  are  deploying  smart  meters  to  monitor  consumer  usage  and  adjust  prices  according  to  the  time  of  day  and  season.  smart  metering  benefits  utilities  by  improving  customer  satisfaction  with  faster  interaction,  giving  consumers  more  control  of  their  energy  usage  to  save  money  and  reduce  carbon  emissions.  smart  meters  also  give  power  consumption  visibility  all  the  way  to  the  meter,  so  utilities  can  optimize  energy  distribution  and  take  action  to  shift  demand  loads.  ,  smart  metering  also  helps  utilities:  according  to  a  study  by  infosys
__label__situationalsurveillance and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  infosys  and  other  supporting  companies,  including  ibm,  bosch,  ge,  intel,  national  instruments  and  ptc,  have  launched  a  testbed  to  collect  asset  information  efficiently  and  accurately  in  realtime  and  run  analytics  to  aid  them  in  decisionmaking.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize
__label__situationalsurveillance logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  one  industry  that  heavily  relies  on  asset  tracking  is  maritime  shipping.  on  a  large  scale,  sensors  help  track  the  location  of  a  ship  at  sea,  and  on  a  smaller  scale,  they  can  provide  the  status  and  temperature  of  individual  cargo  containers.  one  benefit  is  realtime  metrics  on  refrigerated  containers;  these  containers  must  be  stored  at  constant  temperatures  so  perishable  goods  remain  fresh.  each  refrigerated  container  needs  to  be  equipped  with  temperature  sensors,  a  processing  unit  and  a  mobile  transmitter.  when  temperatures  differ  from  the  optimal  mark,  crew  can  be  notified
__label__situationalsurveillance and  begin  needed  repairs.  connected  vehicles  are  all  the  rage  now.  in  simplest  terms,  these  are  computerenhanced  vehicles  that  automate  many  normal  driving  tasks  in  some  cases,  even  driving  themselves.  current  systems  scan  painted  lines  as  one  of  several  detection  methods;  magnetic  rails  and  other  forms  of  enhanced  highways  may  guide  future  systems.  source:  the  daily  conversation/youtube  there  are  several  advantages  of  selfdriving  cars.  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive,  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles,  pcmag  .  driverless  taxis  could  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits
__label__situationalsurveillance idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel  closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time,  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  cameras,  radar  and  lasers  are  among  the  sensors  feeding  information  into  the  differential  gps.  cameras  let  the  cars  computers  see  whats  around  it,  while  radar  allows  vehicles  to  see  up  to  100  meters  away  in  the  dark,  rain,  or  snow.  lasers,  which  look  like  a  spinning  siren  light,  continuously  scan  the  world  around  the  car  and  provide  the  vehicle  with  a  continuous,  3d  omnidirectional  view  of  its  surroundings.  these  sensors  are  providing  you
__label__situationalsurveillance with  raw  information  of  the  world.  you  need  very  sophisticated  algorithms  to  process  all  that  information,  just  like  a  human  would,  sridhar  lakshmanan,  a  selfdriving  auto  expert  and  engineering  professor  at  the  university  of  michigandearborn,  time  .  for  companies  that  rely  on  transportation  as  part  of  their  business,  fleet  management  helps  them  remove  or  minimize  the  risks  associated  with  vehicle  investment,  improving  efficiency  and  productivity  while  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  for  example,  asset  tracking  is  being  used  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in
__label__situationalsurveillance urban  environments.  shipping  services  also  use  real  time  traffic  feeds  and  efficiency  algorithms  to  deliver  more  packages  more  efficiently,  with  less  wear  and  tear  on  drivers  and  on  vehicles.  source:  att  enterprise/youtube  by  2020,  north  america  is  expected  to  reach  12.7  million  active  fleet  management  systems  deployed  in  commercial  vehicle  fleets,  according  to  a  recent  study  by  swedish  machinetomachine/iot  research  firm  berg  insight.  the  installed  base  of  fleet  management  systems  totaled  5.8  million  at  the  end  of  2015.  the  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  17  during  the  2015  to  2020  period.  the  study
__label__situationalsurveillance also  said  that  the  number  of  active  fleet  management  systems  in  latin  america  is  expected  to  increase  from  2.3  million  at  the  end  of  2015,  to  4.1  million  in  2020.  this  article  originally  appeared  on  .  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__situationalsurveillance by:  on  july  26th,  2019  the  last  few  years  have  seen  the  internet  of  things  iot  grow  from  a  theoretical  concept  to  a  major  priority  for  many  organizations.  as  companies  integrate  iot  devices  into  their  ,  they  are  looking  for  new  ways  to  utilize  them  and  manage  the  data  they  collect.  given  these  devices  are  likely  to  have  on  the  world,  its  worth  looking  at  a  few  key  internet  of  things  statistics.  more  in  a  very  general  sense,  iot  refers  to  a  broad  range  of  internetconnected  devices  that  are  capable  of  communicating  with  other  devices  and  networks.  they  can  but
__label__situationalsurveillance are  most  often  used  to  gather  information  and  perform  specific  actions.  while  many  of  them  have  the  ability  to  process  data,  some  are  only  intended  to  gather  and  transmit  data  elsewhere  for  processing.  the  advantage  of  iot  devices  is  that  their  connectivity  greatly  enhances  functionality.  since  they  can  connect  to  a  broader  network,  they  can  have  extensive  functionality  with  relatively  modest  hardware  capabilities.  they  are  crucial  for  automation  strategies  and  can  be  used  to  control  a  variety  of  tasks  and  functions  remotely.  thats  a  lot  of  devices.  when  looking  at  the  raw  number  of  connected  devices  predicts  will  be  connected
__label__situationalsurveillance to  the  internet  by  the  end  of  the  decade,  its  easy  to  lose  sight  of  how  large  the  figure  actually  is.  for  context,  take  a  moment  to  look  at  the  difference  between  a  million  and  a  billion  in  terms  of  time:  one  million  seconds  is  roughly  equal  to  11.5  days.  one  billion  seconds  is  roughly  equal  to  31.75  years.  the  difference  between  a  few  million  iot  devices  and  a  few  billion,  then,  is  quite  staggering.  other  estimates  that  push  iot  projections  farther  into  the  future  provide  even  more  striking  numbers.  that  there  will  be  over  64  billion  iot  devices  by
__label__situationalsurveillance 2025.  autonomous  vehicles  are  coming,  whether  people  like  it  or  not.  while  precise  numbers  are  difficult  to  determine,  that  the  automotive  industry  spent  around  46  billion  on  research  and  development  of  selfdriving  cars  in  2015  alone.  while  driverless  cars  may  not  be  taking  over  the  highways  soon,  their  need  to  gather  and  analyze  huge  amounts  of  data  will  demand  more  sophisticated  edge  data  centers  capable  of  directing  the  resulting  .  even  if  selfdriving  vehicles  arent  here  yet,  existing  automobiles  are  increasingly  incorporating  iot  features.  from  sensors  that  transmit  usage  and  mechanical  condition  data  to  manufacturers  and  dispatchers  to  internet  connectivity
__label__situationalsurveillance that  facilitates  better  gps  and  driver  comfort,  todays  vehicles  offer  as  much  connectivity  as  the  modern  home.  the  computing  power  that  makes  this  connectivity  possible  will  make  iotenabled  vehicles  valuable  tools  in  .  increasingly,  iot  devices  are  popping  up  everywhere.  ,  who  calculated  just  how  many  devices  were  being  added  every  second,  provides  a  glimpse  into  how  widespread  theyve  already  become:  things  are  no  longer  just  computers  and  phones.  today,  literally  anything  can  be  connected,  including  tennis  rackets,  diapers,  clothing,  vehicles,  and,  of  course,  homes.  and  although  people  may  find  this  unsettling,  the  network  is  also  starting  to  include  biological
__label__situationalsurveillance things:  today,  pets,  crops,  livestock,  and  the  clothing  on  your  body  can  be  connected.  were  not  far  from  an  internet  link  you  can  actually  swallow  as  a  pill.  with  so  many  devices  proliferating,  it  professionals  will  need  to  be  much  more  aware  of  .  each  device  represents  a  different  for  hackers,  and  with  so  many  devices  coming  and  going  in  the  workplace,  companies  must  become  more  diligent  managing  access.  in  a  2018  report  on  the  mobile  industry,  on  internet  of  things  growth,  largely  due  to  the  accelerating  pace  of  deployments  in  china.  the  north  east  asia  market  alone  is  expected
__label__situationalsurveillance to  account  for  2.2  billion  connections  by  2023.  shortrange  iot  devices  are  expected  to  see  the  greatest  increase,  but  widearea  and  cellular  internetconnected  devices  are  forecast  to  grow  at  an  annual  rate  of  about  30  percent  by  the  same  year.  much  of  this  iot  growth  will  be  credited  to  reductions  in  chipset  prices  and  the  such  as  nbiot  and  catm1.  many  companies  have  already  identified  iot  devices  as  a  clear  valueadd  for  their  business.  far  from  just  the  technology  sector,  clothing  manufacturers,  healthcare  providers,  and  municipalities  around  the  world  are  investing  in  new  ways  to  leverage  the  potential  of  interconnected
__label__situationalsurveillance devices.  with  so  much  ,  its  safe  to  assume  that  the  iot  market  size  of  the  next  decade  will  look  very  different  from  todays.  one  thing  that  wont  change,  however,  will  be  the  importance  of  in  iot  networks.  this  may  explain  why  colocation  data  centers  continue  to  be  a  for  organizations  looking  to  rapidly  scale  their  operations  to  make  the  most  of  iot  devices.  research  by  the  suggests  that  iot  growth  will  continue  to  be  rapid  despite  the  fact  that  many  of  the  most  promising  applications  of  the  technology  have  yet  to  be  fully  deployed.  many  companies  already  utilizing  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance technology  are  doing  so  modestly,  such  as  using  to  track  products  flowing  through  their  supply  chains.  however,  complementary  technologies  such  as  more  versatile  cloud  technology  and  edge  computing  architecture  will  likely  enable  a  rapid  expansion  of  iot  applications.  the  and  reductions  in  hardware  costs  are  also  expected  to  help  increase  the  widespread  adoption  of  internetconnected  devices.  smart  home  devices,  most  of  which  are  used  to  automate  lighting,  climate,  appliance,  entertainment,  or  security  systems  in  a  household,  are  already  entering  homes  in  .  as  an  example,  smart  speaker  devices  like  the  amazon  echo  are  already  in  as  of  q1  2019,  up
__label__situationalsurveillance from  a  mere  seven  percent  in  2017.  healthcare  is  one  of  the  most  exciting  use  cases  for  iot  technology,  which  is  why  the  market  in  that  sector  is  by  12  percent  annually  from  2017  to  2023.  the  potential  of  telemedicine  and  wearable  sensors  will  make  it  possible  for  medical  professionals  to  better  monitor  and  treat  patients,  especially  in  traditionally  .  although  the  healthcare  sector  faces  unique  challenges  owing  to  the  compliance  demands  of  requirements,  improvements  in  will  help  the  technology  to  be  applied  more  broadly  in  the  coming  years.  while  selfdriving  cars  and  smart  kitchens  snatch  most  of  the  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance headlines,  some  of  the  most  exciting  innovation  is  taking  place  in  the  .  from  intelligent  machines  capable  of  performing  automated  tasks  to  augmented  wearables  that  allow  people  to  work  more  efficiently  and  safely,  companies  are  experimenting  with  new  ways  of  .  better  data  analysis  will  also  enable  predictive  maintenance,  better  energy  efficiency,  and  higher  overall  levels  of  production  uptime.  combined  with  architectures,  industrial  iot  devices  will  be  especially  valuable  for  places  where  low  or  nonexistent  bandwidth  has  led  to  data  infrastructure  challenges  in  the  past.  smart  machinery  will  be  able  to  operate  in  more  places  than  ever  before,  helping  to
__label__situationalsurveillance boost  production,  create  jobs,  and  grow  the  economy.  the  majority  of  business  leaders  in  these  industries  of  investing  in  comprehensive  iot  strategies.  some  of  that  confidence  could  be  due  to  the  early  return  on  investment  many  companies  have  already  experienced.  for  instance,  according  to  a  ,  while  only  16  percent  of  business  leaders  expected  iot  investments  to  lead  to  large  profit  gains,  twice  as  many  actually  did  see  those  profits  materialize.  similarly,  46  percent  of  companies  made  improvements  in  efficiency  despite  only  29  percent  of  executives  believing  iot  would  make  an  impact  on  their  efficiency  standards.  as  iot  technology  becomes
__label__situationalsurveillance more  costeffective  to  implement  in  the  coming  years,  more  business  leaders  will  surely  be  quick  to  support  such  initiatives.  fully  have  the  potential  to  fully  unleash  the  possibilities  of  iot,  and  cities  around  the  world  are  racing  to  develop  new  strategies  that  use  iot  technology  to  streamline  municipal  operations  and  services.  while  are  already  implementing  these  solutions,  another  25  percent  are  exploring  potential  iot  applications.  on  a  global  scale,  the  incorporating  iot  and  ai  is  expected  to  surpass  2  trillion  by  2025,  with  the  top  600  smart  cities  of  global  gdp.  online  shoppers  have  already  come  to  expect  a  customized
__label__situationalsurveillance shopping  experience  thanks  to  data  analytics  that  allow  online  retailers  to  use  past  purchases  and  viewing  history  to  promote  the  type  of  products  customers  are  likely  to  find  appealing.  thanks  to  iot  technology,  brickandmortar  stores  .  with  ,  companies  will  be  able  to  actively  shape  the  customer  experience  the  moment  someone  enters  a  store.  realtime  data  from  smart  price  tags  will  allow  stores  to  be  more  responsive  to  purchasing  trends  and  make  adjustments  to  maximize  sales.  if  the  total  number  of  connected  devices  doesnt  provide  enough  shock  value,  consider  the  vast  amount  of  data  these  devices  are  expected  to  generate.
__label__situationalsurveillance cisco  expects  that  total  to  exceed  ,  which  is  quite  a  lot  considering  that  a  single  zettabyte  is  equal  to  about  a  trillion  gigabytes  following  the  time  example  above,  one  trillion  seconds  is  equal  to  about  31,710  years.  data  centers  will  play  a  huge  role  in  managing  this  information  and  harnessing  its  potential.  considering  that  about  90  of  this  data  will  be  ,  it  will  be  more  important  than  ever  for  data  centers  to  continue  pushing  the  boundaries  of  both  and  to  keep  pace  with  the  demands  of  iot.  while  iot  devices  are  clearly  already  having  an  impact  on  the
__label__situationalsurveillance worlds  network  infrastructure,  that  influence  is  only  going  to  increase  in  the  coming  years.  by  taking  some  of  the  current  and  projected  figures  into  account,  organizations  can  begin  to  position  their  business  plans  to  take  advantage  of  the  tremendous  opportunities  and  mitigate  the  risks  these  devices  present.  no  matter  how  a  company  plans  to  incorporate  iot,  a  good  data  center  will  continue  to  be  a  vital  partner  in  that  process.  as  the  marketing  manager  for  vxchnge,  kaylie  handles  the  coordination  and  logistics  of  tradeshows  and  events.  she  is  responsible  for  social  media  marketing  and  brand  promotion  through  various  outlets.  she
__label__situationalsurveillance enjoys  developing  new  ways  and  events  to  capture  the  attention  of  the  vxchnge  audience.  november  25,  2019  walmart,  j.  crew  and  best  buy  represent  a  small  sample  of  some  of  the  top  brands  that  experienced  black  friday  website  ...  read  more  november  20,  2019  cloud  computing  was  a  gamechanger.  it  still  occupies  a  vital  position  in  the  modern  network  environment  since  cloudbased  ...  read  more  november  11,  2019  business  intelligence  bi  involves  using  a  variety  of  specialized  tools,  programs  and  techniques  to  extract  data  from  ...  read  more  use  this  checklist  to  help  protect  you  investment,  mitigate  potential  risk  and
__label__situationalsurveillance internet  of  things  iot  has  been  quite  the  buzzword  in  business  and,  more  recently,  in  consumer  electronics.  to  help  understand  what  the  hoopla  is  all  about,  has  put  together  this  latest  set  of  internet  of  things  statistics.  these  data  points  cover  a  wide  range  of  topics  including  the  most  uptodate  trends  and  numbers  related  to  iot,  the  impact  it  is  having  and  is  expected  to  have  in  the  future  in  different  segments,  the  growth  drivers  and  the  key  concerns  that  may  act  as  barriers,  and  the  forecasts  of  the  market  size  of  iot  in  various  industries.  contents  there  are  expected
__label__situationalsurveillance to  be  more  than  64b  iot  devices  worldwide  by  2025  the  global  iot  market  is  forecast  to  be  worth  1.7t  in  2019  by  2022,  100  of  the  global  population  is  expected  to  have  lpwan  coverage  iot  has  the  potential  to  generate  4t  to  11t  in  economic  value  by  2025  the  main  revenue  driver  for  54  of  enterprise  iot  projects  is  cost  savings  more  than  80  of  senior  executives  across  industries,  on  average,  say  iot  is  critical  to  some  or  all  lines  of  their  business  in  2018  97  of  organizations  feel  there  are  challenges  to  creating  value  from  iotrelated  data  the
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  in  banking  and  financial  services  market  size  is  expected  to  grow  to  2.03b  by  2023  as  you  would  note,  one  salient  feature  of  predictions  on  iot  is  that  there  can  be  wildly  varying  figures  on  number  of  devices,  market  size,  or  investment  across  different  studies.  even  a  search  for  the  answer  to  the  seemingly  simple  question  in  2018?  returned  remarkably  different  figures  from  reputed  companies  and  research  bodies.  this  makes  building  a  coherent  story  difficult.  still,  even  though  all  forecast  figures  might  not  always  appear  to  be  in  perfect  sync,  there  is  a  general  trend  that  emerged  after  consulting
__label__situationalsurveillance enough  different  pieces  of  research.  they  all  say  we  can  expect  much  faster  growth  in  iot  adoption  rates  across  all  sectors.  in  the  next  four  to  five  years  we  will  see  better  progress  than  during  the  whole  of  the  last  decade.  201819  was  a  breakthrough  point,  with  iot  poised  to  have  a  more  immediate  impact  on  our  lives  than,  say,  robotics  or  ai.  the  internet  of  things  promises  an  exciting  journey,  making  this  as  good  a  time  as  any  to  familiarize  oneself  with  all  thats  happening  in  this  field  through  these  carefully  put  together  stats.  happy  reading  1.  how  many
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  devices  are  there?  there  are  expected  to  be  more  than  64b  iot  devices  worldwide  by  2025.  source:  business  insider,  iot  analytics,  gartner,  intel  according  to  latest  research,  the  number  of  iot  devices  globally  is  believed  to  have  reached  10  billion  in  2018.  note  that  this  is  higher  than  the  number  of  mobile  devices  in  use  in  the  world.  with  5g  on  the  horizon  and  an  uptick  in  iot  adoption,  companies  plans  to  invest  in  iot  solutions  seem  to  be  accelerating.  estimates  vary,  of  course,  with  another  study  pegging  the  2018  figure  at  7  billion  devices  and  the  2025  estimate
__label__situationalsurveillance at  22  billion.  another  set  of  by  gartner  predicts  25  billion  iot  devices  by  2021.  we  have  also  seen  very  high  numbers  being  cited  in  some  other  studies  e.g.,  200  billion  according  to  intel.  2.  127  new  iot  devices  connect  to  the  internet  every  second.  source:  mckinsey  global  institute  consumers  are  more  connected  than  ever,  owning  an  average  of  four  iot  devices  that  communicate  with  the  cloud.  while  this  presents  a  valid  case  for  optimism,  the  consensus  seems  to  be  that  the  adoption  rate  of  iot  is  still  very  slow.  thankfully,  there  are  a  number  of  technological  advances  taking  place
__label__situationalsurveillance that  should  speed  up  iot  adoption.  3.  consumer  electronics  will  account  for  63  of  all  installed  iot  units  in  2020.  source:  statista  while  answers  to  the  query  how  many  connected  devices  will  there  be  in  2020?  may  vary  across  different  studies,  the  consensus  is  that  consumer  electronics  accounts  for  the  largest  segment  of  the  internet  of  things  market.  its  share  of  the  market  will  remain  at  around  63  between  2018  and  2020.  4.  the  global  iot  market  is  forecast  to  be  worth  1.7t  in  2019.  source:  statista  the  global  iot  market  is  projected  to  nearly  double  in  size  between  2014
__label__situationalsurveillance and  2017,  passing  the  1  trillion  mark.  by  2019,  the  global  iot  market  is  forecast  to  be  valued  at  more  than  1.7  trillion.  consumer  electronics  is  the  largest  component  of  the  global  iot  market.  5.  hardware  will  account  for  35  of  this  1.7t  market  value.  source:  pwc  an  internet  of  things  market  analysis  in  terms  of  where  actual  value  comes  from  shows  a  slight  dominance  of  hardware,  which  is  projected  to  have  a  market  value  of  585b.  services  will  account  for  27  xaas  12  and  it  and  installation  services  15,  connectivity  for  22,  and  software  for  16.  6.  business  investment
__label__situationalsurveillance will  account  for  more  than  50  of  the  overall  iot  spend  in  2020.  source:  pwc  business  investment  will  grow  from  215  billion  in  2015  to  832  billion  in  2020,  while  consumerdriven  spending  will  grow  from  72  billion  in  2015  to  236  billion  in  2020.  this  represents  a  slightly  higher  growth  in  business  spending  as  compared  to  consumer  spending  on  iot  in  the  5year  period.  governmentspending  will  add  an  extra  500  billion  or  so  to  the  total  spend  on  iot  in  2020.  7.  by  2022,  100  of  the  global  population  is  expected  to  have  lpwan  coverage.  source:  mckinsey  global  institute  lowpower,
__label__situationalsurveillance widearea  networks  allow  longrange  communications  among  a  large  number  of  connected  devices  at  optimized  costs  and  power  consumption  rates.  in  2017,  only  20  of  the  world  population  was  covered  by  this  type  of  network.  many  other  advances  are  helping  reduce  costs  and  power  requirements  to  help  faster  iot  adoption.  another  example  is  the  cost  of  lidar  sensors,  essential  for  autonomous  driving,  which  have  become  10  times  cheaper  in  the  last  decade  and  are  expected  to  get  several  times  cheaper  still  in  the  next  few  years.  8.  the  number  of  cellular  iot  connections  is  expected  to  reach  3.5b  in  2023.  source:
__label__situationalsurveillance ericsson  the  ongoing  largescale  deployment  in  china  is  the  main  factor  behind  the  almost  doubling  of  the  forecast  for  the  internet  of  things  mobile  market.  of  the  3.5  billion  cellular  iot  connections,  expected  to  be  present  in  2023,  2.2  billion  are  anticipated  to  be  active  in  north  east  asia.  iot  is  bringing  huge  changes  in  our  lives.  wait  until  you  hear  the  numbers  in  terms  of  money.  9.  iot  has  the  potential  to  generate  4t  to  11t  in  economic  value  by  2025.  source:  mckinsey  global  institute  the  greatest  contribution  is  expected  to  be  from  factories  1.2  to  3.7  trillion,  followed
__label__situationalsurveillance by  smart  cities,  health  care,  retail,  nonurban  outdoor  environments,  custom  production  environments,  automotive,  home,  and  office.  10.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  market  is  predicted  to  reach  124b  in  2021.  source:  forbes,  iscoop  this  includes  a  cagr  of  7.3  through  2020.  morgan  stanley  predicts  the  industrial  iot  market  size  to  reach  110  billion  by  2020.  according  to  accenture,  iiot  could  add  14.2  trillion  to  the  global  economy  by  2030.  the  top  drivers  of  iiot  growth  include  improved  operational  efficiency,  improved  productivity,  creation  of  new  business  opportunities,  reduction  in  downtime,  and  optimization  of  asset  utilization.  11.  by  2020,  discrete  manufacturing,
__label__situationalsurveillance transportation  logistics,  and  utilities  industries  are  projected  to  spend  40b  each  on  iot  platforms,  systems,  and  services.  source:  statista  b2c  commerce  will  be  spending  25  billion  on  iot  software  and  platforms  within  the  next  two  years.  health  care  is  projected  to  be  spending  15  billion,  as  are  process  industries.  the  bottom  line  is  that  theres  going  to  be  healthy  investment  in  iot  not  just  in  industrial  sectors  that  make  obvious  sense,  but  even  in  areas  like  retail  and  government.  12.  of  the  1600  actual  enterprise  iot  projects  in  progress  in  2018,  the  highest  were  in  the  segments  of  smart  city
__label__situationalsurveillance 23,  connected  industry  17,  and  connected  building  12.  source:  iot  analytics  according  to  internet  of  things  statistics  2018,  among  smart  city  projects,  nearly  half  were  ongoing  in  europe,  while  in  all  other  segments,  the  largest  share  was  in  the  americas.  smart  agriculture  is  one  area  where  the  apac  region  has  more  projects  than  europe  and  almost  as  many  as  the  americas.  13.  the  main  revenue  driver  for  54  of  enterprise  iot  projects  is  cost  savings.  source:  iot  analytics  most  enterprise  iot  projects  focus  on  cost  reduction.  only  35  of  iot  projects  are  used  to  increase  revenue  e.g.,  by  offering  new
__label__situationalsurveillance iotconnected  products  and  services.  24  of  projects  also  increase  overall  safety  e.g.,  by  offering  enhanced  monitoring  systems  with  realtime  alerts  and  notifications.  14.  the  top  goal  of  enterprise  iot  deployment  varies  by  country;  23  of  chinese  companies  use  it  to  increase  competitiveness.  source:  ovum  iot  statistics  show  that  not  everyone  is  focused  on  cost  reduction.  a  more  granular  study  of  the  main  purpose  for  deploying  enterprise  iot  found  that  while  cost  reduction  might  be  the  priority  in  usa,  uk,  france,  and  australia,  in  other  countries  the  top  goal  cold  be  increasing  competitiveness  china,  s.  korea,  italy,  mexico,  improving  business  processes
__label__situationalsurveillance germany,  japan,  brazil,  or  improving  customer  experience  spain.  15.  58  of  manufacturers  say  iot  is  required  to  digitally  transform  industrial  operations.  source:  ge  sectorwise  breakup  of  manufacturing  shows  that  the  reliance  on  iiot  applications  is  the  highest  in  power  and  energy  64,  aviation  and  aerospace  62,  and  utilities  58.  this  survey  by  ge  also  found  that  investment  costs  are  the  biggest  barrier  preventing  a  faster  adoption  of  iiot  in  manufacturing.  16.  more  than  80  of  senior  executives  across  industries,  on  average,  say  iot  is  critical  to  some  or  all  lines  of  their  business  in  2018.  source:  statista  the  highest  percentage
__label__situationalsurveillance of  senior  execs  saying  this  is  in  the  technology,  media,  and  telecommunications  industries,  followed  by  financial  services  and  energy  utilities  mining.  internet  of  things  statistics  show  that  28  execs,  on  average,  plan  to  invest  in  iot  security  in  the  next  12  months.  the  variation  is  much  wider  33  to  54  in  response  to  the  query  whether  they  are  very  confident  they  are  building  sufficient  digital  trust  controls  into  their  iot  programs.  they  are  the  least  confident  when  it  comes  to  consumer  markets.  17.  realworld  business  benefits  gained  from  iot  have  been  known  to  exceed  original  expectations  by  16  to  17
__label__situationalsurveillance percentage  points.  source:  aruba  networks  this  expectations  dividend  is  seen  in  both  business  efficiency  and  profitability.  according  to  a  worldwide  survey  of  it  and  business  decision  makers,  only  29  of  executives  expected  that  their  iot  strategies  would  result  in  business  efficiency  improvements.  actual  results  showed  that  46  experienced  gains  in  efficiency.  similarly,  while  only  16  of  the  business  leaders  projected  a  large  increase  in  profits  because  of  their  iot  investment,  32  ended  up  with  iotdriven  profit  gains.  iot  trends  show  that  these  business  benefits  are  encouraging  other  decision  makers  to  mark  out  budgets  for  iot  adoption.  18.  93  of  enterprises
__label__situationalsurveillance are  believed  to  have  adopted  iot  technology  by  2019.  source:  aruba  networks  77  executives  in  the  sector  believe  iot  technology  will  allow  them  to  transform  offices  into  a  smart  workplace.  59  use  iot  for  monitoring  and  maintenance,  while  55  use  it  for  locationbased  services.  key  benefits  from  iot  for  the  enterprise  segment  includes  increased  it  effectiveness  and  an  innovation  boost.  the  most  common  iot  tech  consists  of  mobile  devices,  energy  meters,  and  smart  appliances.  19.  92  of  industrial  organizations  are  expected  to  have  adopted  iot  in  some  way  by  2019.  source:  aruba  networks  iot  stats  show  that  68  of  the
__label__situationalsurveillance business  leaders  in  this  sector  use  iot  for  monitoring  and  maintenance  and  54  for  remote  operations.  benefits  include  increased  business  efficiency,  greater  innovation,  and  better  visibility  across  the  organization.  the  most  common  iot  tech  in  the  industrial  sector  includes  chemical  sensors,  picking  systems,  and  cranes  and  forklifts.  decision  maker  further  expect  to  see  a  reduction  in  operational  risks  and  downtime.  all  in  all,  iot  inspires  a  lot  of  expectations,  and  somehow  it  still  manages  to  exceed  them.  20.  87  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  started  using  iot  technology  in  some  way  by  2019.  source:  aruba  networks  patient  monitoring  is  the
__label__situationalsurveillance number  one  use  of  iot  in  the  health  care  sector,  followed  by  remote  operation  and  control  and  locationbased  services.  executives  here  mention  increased  innovation  as  the  top  benefit  from  iot,  along  with  high  numbers  for  organization  visibility  and  cost  savings.  patient  monitors  are  by  far  the  most  commonly  used  iot  tech  in  the  sector.  energy  meters  and  xrays  and  imaging  devices  also  make  use  of  iot.  according  to  internet  of  things  statistics,  creation  of  new  business  models  and  improvement  of  collaboration  with  colleagues  and  patients  are  two  of  the  many  additional  benefits  healthcare  executives  see  accruing  from  their  iot  investments.
__label__situationalsurveillance 21.  79  of  retail  organizations  are  expected  to  use  iot  by  the  end  of  2019,  up  from  49  in  2017.  source:  aruba  networks  instore  iot  based  location  services  can  deliver  personalized  offers  and  product  information  to  shoppers.  they  also  serve  for  monitoring,  maintenance,  and  even  surveillance  purposes.  these  are  the  top  uses  for  iot  in  retail.  improved  customer  experience  is  the  greatest  benefit  retail  executives  see  from  iot  implementation,  followed  by  improved  organizationwide  visibility  and  increased  profitability.  most  common  iot  technology  being  used  in  the  sector  right  now  are  barcode  readers,  personal  mobile  devices,  and  building  systems  related  to  refrigeration
__label__situationalsurveillance and  security.  future  benefits  include  increase  in  productivity,  expansion  into  new  markets,  and  receipt  of  more  customer  referrals.  22.  the  government  sector  is  the  slowest  to  adopt  iot,  with  68  of  decision  makers  expected  to  start  using  it  in  some  form  by  2019.  source:  aruba  networks  60  of  government  leaders  using  iot  are  using  it  for  monitoring  and  maintenance,  while  45  are  doing  so  for  locationbased  services.  according  to  iot  statistics  for  this  sector,  increased  innovation,  efficiency,  and  visibility  across  the  city  are  the  key  benefits  of  adoption.  building  security  systems,  street  lights,  and  vehicles  are  the  most  commonly  used
__label__situationalsurveillance elements  of  iot  tech.  future  benefits  include  cost  savings,  better  asset  and  equipment  utilization,  and  better  collaboration  across  departments.  governments  and  companies  are  starting  to  invest  more  and  more  in  iot.  heres  why  it  makes  sense.  23.  in  terms  of  average  implementation  percentage  of  high  potential  use  cases  by  industries,  telecom  is  the  leader  at  36.  source:  capgemini  high  potential  use  cases  in  telecom  include  monitoring  of  inventory,  remote  monitoring  and  management  of  telecom  base  stations,  and  environment  monitoring  for  telecom  equipment.  other  leading  sectors  are  industrial  manufacturing  33;  production  asset  maintenance,  manufacturing  intelligence,  and  product  quality  optimization  and  consumer
__label__situationalsurveillance products  27;  manufacturing  intelligence  and  monitoring  shipment  conditions.  the  lowest  implementation  of  high  potential  use  cases  across  iot  market  segments  is  seen  in  energy  utilities  18  and  automotive  17.  24.  according  to  enterprise  executives,  the  u.s.  leads  in  deploying  iot  in  operations  at  full  scale.  source:  capgemini  this  is  followed  by  uk  41  and  germany  35.  the  us  lead  can  be  attributed  to  significant  venture  capital  investment.  according  to  an  estimate,  over  twothirds  of  the  iot  startups  funded  in  the  20122017  period  were  based  in  the  us.  along  with  innovation  in  the  core  iot  stack  of  sensors,  platforms,  and  predictive
__label__situationalsurveillance analytics,  there  is  a  strong  focus  from  startups  on  security  solutions  for  iot  as  well.  25.  samsung  is  the  top  patent  holder  in  the  iot  industry  with  820  patents  to  its  name.  source:  relecura  the  other  toppers  in  iot  ip  are  lg  524  patents,  huawei  490,  qualcomm  485,  and  sony  479.  its  obvious  that  the  bulk  of  these  patents  are  related  to  the  telecom  and  consumer  electronics  sectors.  the  top  patent  holders  in  software,  automotive,  and  industrial  sectors  are  also  usual  suspects  like  ibm  and  microsoft;  toyota,  bosch,  and  hyundai;  and  honeywell,  ge,  hitachi,  and  mitsubishi.  the  encouraging  take  away
__label__situationalsurveillance from  this  set  of  internet  of  things  facts  is  that  patent  holdings  are  spread  over  several  players  with  no  single  company  or  small  group  of  companies  holding  the  bulk  of  the  patents.  26.  29  of  developers  favor  microsofts  azure  iot  suite  for  enabling  connected  devices  in  their  software  projects.  source:  cowen  google  cloud  it  24,  amazon  aws  iot  19,  and  cisco  iot  services  13  are  the  next  two  mostpreferred  platforms.  aws  was  more  popular  with  respondents  from  smaller  organizations  28  versus  9.  googes  cloud  iot  is  being  adopted  more  by  employees  in  larger  companies  37  vs.  15.  27.  while  over
__label__situationalsurveillance 98  of  business  leaders  have  an  understanding  of  internet  of  things,  stats  show  that  many  are  unclear  of  the  exact  definition  of  the  term.  source:  aruba  networks  more  importantly,  many  business  leaders  arent  sure  what  iot  means  for  their  business.  this  results  in  iot  not  being  implemented  properly  or  being  put  to  very  basic  uses  instead  of  being  utilized  for  the  high  potential  it  has  to  transform  processes.  according  to  kevin  ashton,  the  tech  visionary  who  coined  the  term  iot,  it  means  sensors  connected  to  the  internet  and  behaving  in  an  internetlike  way  by  making  open,  ad  hoc  connections,  sharing
__label__situationalsurveillance data  freely  and  allowing  unexpected  applications,  so  computers  can  understand  the  world  around  them  and  become  humanitys  nervous  system.  28.  84  of  organizations  that  have  adopted  iot  have  experienced  an  iotrelated  security  breach.  source:  aruba  networks  iot  trends  show  that  external  attacks  and  the  increased  probability  of  remain  the  greatest  barriers  to  embracing  iot  in  a  more  comprehensive  manner  for  most  organizations.  a  holistic  iot  strategy  that  is  built  on  strong  network  access  control  and  policy  management  is  needed  when  organizations  are  planning  their  iot  investment.  other  major  barriers  to  adoption  include  cost  50,  maintenance  44,  and  integration  of  legacy
__label__situationalsurveillance technology  43.  29.  spending  on  iot  endpoint  security  solutions  will  increase  to  631m  in  2021.  source:  gartner  this  will  represent  a  growth  at  a  cagr  of  21.38,  considering  that  the  estimation  of  the  endpoint  security  solutions  in  iot  market  size  by  gartner  for  2016  was  at  240  million.  worldwide  iot  security  spending  will  increase  from  912  million  in  2016,  soaring  to  3.1  billion  in  2021,  attaining  a  27.87  cagr  in  the  forecast  period.  30.  97  of  organizations  feel  there  are  challenges  to  creating  value  from  iotrelated  data.  source:  aruba  networks  even  though  98  of  organizations  using  iot  are  extracting  a
__label__situationalsurveillance mass  of  data  from  their  processes,  making  sense  of  this  data  remains  a  hurdle.  well  over  a  third  39  of  businesses  are  not  extracting  or  analyzing  data  within  corporate  networks,  and  are  thereby  missing  out  on  insights  that  could  improve  business  decisions.  31.  by  2023,  the  average  cio  will  be  responsible  for  more  than  three  times  the  endpoints  they  manage  in  2018.  source:  gartner  what  is  the  future  of  internet  of  things  from  the  perspective  of  people  who  have  to  manage  it?  the  proliferating  array  of  new  iot  networks  and  the  sensor  devices  supporting  them  because  of  emerging  business  models
__label__situationalsurveillance and  the  revenue  streams  they  represent  will  require  cios  to  consider  a  wider  range  of  aspects  to  ensure  the  smooth  running  of  their  organizations  systems.  cybersecurity,  of  course,  will  be  one  of  the  key  areas  of  concern  as  the  world  gets  more  connected.  32.  the  north  american  iot  market  is  expected  to  be  worth  more  than  500b  in  2022.  source:  statista  the  north  american  iot  markets  value  will  see  a  steady  yearonyear  growth  from  a  little  under  300  billion  in  2017.  the  division  of  market  revenue  by  application  shows  the  largest  pie  for  consumer  electronics  in  2020,  followed  by  transportation.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  growth  of  internet  of  things  consumer  electronics  market  in  north  america  is  predicted  at  a  cagr  of  12.25  from  90  billion  in  2017  to  180  billion  in  2022.  33.  the  iot  market  will  be  worth  581b  for  ictbased  spend  alone  by  2020,  growing  at  a  cagr  of  between  7  and  15.  source:  mckinsey  company  software  infrastructure  and  applications  will  account  for  38  of  overall  iot  spend  by  2020,  with  solutions  services  a  close  second  with  30  of  global  spending.  hardware  ranks  third  with  about  20  of  the  overall  spend,  followed  by  security  and  connectivity.  34.  the  global  automotive  internet
__label__situationalsurveillance of  things  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  104.2b  by  2023.  source:  business  wire,  markets  and  markets,  business  insider  there  will  be  220  million  connected  cars  on  the  road  in  2020,  and  90  of  all  new  cars  by  2040  are  expected  to  be  connected  through  iot.  the  automotive  iot  market  was  valued  at  15.87  billion  in  2015,  indicating  a  cagr  of  26.5  over  the  eight  year  period.  the  three  areas  driving  growth  in  automotive  iot  are  invehicle  communication  route  information,  traveling  times,  incident  reports,  infotainment,  and  vehicletovehicle  communication.  35.  the  global  healthcare  iot  market  will  be  worth  158b  in  2022.
__label__situationalsurveillance source:  markets  and  markets  iot  statistics  for  the  healthcare  market  shows  a  projected  growth  at  cagr  of  30.8  from  2017  when  the  healthcare  iot  market  was  valued  at  41.22  billion.  telemedicine  was  the  biggest  component  of  healthcare  iot  in  2017,  but  the  greatest  growth  is  expected  from  systems  and  software,  which  include  remote  device  management,  network  bandwidth  management,  data  analytics,  applications  security,  and  network  security  solutions.  geographywise,  the  greatest  growth  is  expected  from  the  asiapacific  region.  36.  the  global  iot  in  retail  market  is  projected  to  grow  to  35.64b  by  2020.  source:  markets  and  markets  the  iot  in  retail  market
__label__situationalsurveillance is  expected  to  grow  at  a  cagr  of  20  from  usd  14.28  billion  in  2015  driven  by  the  increase  in  demand  because  of  the  internets  ubiquity,  the  wider  use  of  cloud  platforms,  the  increasing  use  of  mobile  apps,  and  the  declining  cost  of  sensors  and  rfid.  37.  the  value  of  the  global  smart  homes  market  will  be  58.7b  in  2020.  source:  statista  internet  of  things  statistics  for  2020  for  the  worldwide  smart  homes  market  show  an  estimated  growth  at  a  cagr  of  19.31  rising  from  20.38  billion  in  2014.  growth  drivers  include  increasing  implementation  of  smart  speakers,  home  appliances,  lighting
__label__situationalsurveillance control  systems,  home  healthcare  products,  smart  furniture,  smart  kitchen,  and  hvac  control  solutions.  38.  the  global  iot  in  education  market  size  is  expected  to  grow  to  11.3b  in  2023.  source:  markets  and  markets  an  increased  use  of  connected  devices  in  schools  and  colleges,  fast  adoption  of  elearning,  and  wide  availability  of  cloudbased  solutions  have  meant  that  iot  already  has  a  fairly  strong  presence  in  the  field  of  education  across  the  world.  in  2018,  the  worldwide  market  value  of  iot  in  education  was  4.8  billion,  and  was  expected  to  grow  at  a  cagr  of  18.8  through  2023.  39.  the  iot  in
__label__situationalsurveillance banking  and  financial  services  market  size  is  expected  to  grow  to  2.03b  by  2023.  source:  markets  and  markets  iot  forecasts  for  the  banking  and  financial  services  market  predict  growth  at  a  cagr  of  52.1  from  0.17  billion  in  2017.  the  major  driving  forces  of  the  market  include  the  increasing  use  of  iot  devices  for  connected  banking,  and  convergence  of  operational  technology  and  information  technology.  within  financial  services,  the  fastest  growth  is  expected  in  the  insurance  sector  where  iot  will  help  companies  in  more  effectively  determining  insurance  prices  and  providing  services  based  on  data  gathered  from  smart  devices.  internet  of  things
__label__situationalsurveillance statistics  from  2019  seem  to  confirm  this  trend.  40.  the  global  iot  in  manufacturing  market  size  is  projected  to  reach  45.3b  by  2022.  source:  markets  and  markets  the  worldwide  iot  in  manufacturing  market  was  valued  at  10.45  billion  in  2016  and  is  project  to  grow  at  a  cagr  of  29  through  2022.  the  major  factors  driving  the  growth  of  the  iot  in  manufacturing  market  are  the  growing  need  for  centralized  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  of  manufacturing  infrastructure,  the  advent  of  the  latest  communication  technologies,  and  the  need  for  agile  production  and  operational  efficiency.according  to  internet  of  things  statistics,  an  increasing
__label__situationalsurveillance adoption  of  the  cloud,  convergence  in  operational  technologies  ot  and  it,  and  growing  number  of  intelligent  connected  devices  with  cost  reduction  are  some  of  the  other  factors  supporting  the  overall  growth  of  the  market.  reference:  business  insider  ,  iot  analytics  ,  gartner  ,  intel  mckinsey  global  institute  statista  statista  pwc  pwc  mckinsey  global  institute  ericsson  mckinsey  global  institute  forbes  ,  iscoop  statista  iot  analytics  iot  analytics  ovum  ge  statista  aruba  networks  aruba  networks  aruba  networks  aruba  networks  aruba  networks  aruba  networks  capgemini  capgemini  aruba  networks  cowen  aruba  networks  aruba  networks  gartner  aruba  networks  gartner  statista  mckinsey  company  business  wire  ,
__label__situationalsurveillance markets  and  markets  business  insider  markets  and  markets  markets  and  markets  statista  markets  and  markets  markets  and  markets  markets  and  markets  tech  has  revolutionized  the  way  we  live,  communicate,  and  create  value.  with  techjury,  i  found  a  way  to  help  users  find  detailed,  unbiased  information  about  all  things  technology.
__label__situationalsurveillance dossiers  get  a  quick  quantitative  overview  of  a  topic  outlook  reports  trend  forecasts  in  the  statista  market  outlooks  surveys  market  insights  from  an  expert  and  consumer  perspective  toplists  company  rankings  for  sales  and  analysis  market  studies  complete  markets  in  evaluation  industry  reports  all  key  figures  for  an  industry  global  business  cities  reports  global  business  city  rankings  and  key  figures  on  cities  brand  reports  insights  and  benchmarks  on  brands  worldwide  country  reports  countries  and  their  potential  further  studies  get  a  deeper  insight  into  your  topic  everything  you  need  to  know  about  consumer  goods  identify  market  potentials  of  the  digital  future  key
__label__situationalsurveillance topics  in  mobility  key  economic  and  social  indicators  insights  on  most  important  technology  markets  find  studies  from  all  around  the  internet  sales  and  employment  figures  at  a  glance  data  sets  for  your  business  plan  directly  accessible  data  for  170  industries  from  50  countries  and  over  1mio.  facts.  we  offer  customized  research  analysis  services.  content  marketing  information  design  for  your  projects:  kpis  for  more  than  10,000  online  stores  in  the  following  7  chapters,  you  will  quickly  find  the  45  most  important  statistics  relating  to  internet  of  things.  the  most  important  key  figures  provide  you  with  a  compact  summary  of  the  topic
__label__situationalsurveillance of  internet  of  things  and  take  you  straight  to  the  corresponding  statistics.  iot  managed  services  market  revenues  worldwide  20182027  iot  security  market  revenues  worldwide  20162025  iot  in  agriculture  market  size  globally  2018/2023  internet  of  things  semiconductor  shipments  worldwide  2018,  by  type  global  rfid  technology  market  revenue  20142025  fog  computing  market  value  by  component  worldwide  20182022  internet  of  things  number  of  connected  devices  worldwide  20152025  internet  of  things  devices  worldwide  by  sector  20172018  connected  devices  worldwide  by  access  technology  20162021  global  iot  connections  share  20152018,  by  cellular  technology  number  of  mobile  subscriptions  worldwide  19932018  global  proximity  mobile  payment  transaction  users  20182023
__label__situationalsurveillance global  smartphone  shipments  forecast  20102022  connected  wearable  devices  worldwide  20162022  smart  city  initiative  investment  worldwide  in  20182022  iot:  enterprise  smart  cities  projects  breakdown  2018,  by  segment  feel  free  to  contact  us  anytime  using  our  or  visit  our  .  we  use  cookies  to  personalize  contents  and  ads,  offer  social  media  features,  and  analyze  access  to  our  website.  in  your  browser  settings  you  can  configure  or  disable  this,  respectively,  and  can  delete  any  already  placed  cookies.  for  details,  please  see  your  browsers  help  section  by  pressing  f1.  please  see  our  for  details  about  how  we  use  data.
__label__situationalsurveillance dossiers  get  a  quick  quantitative  overview  of  a  topic  outlook  reports  trend  forecasts  in  the  statista  market  outlooks  surveys  market  insights  from  an  expert  and  consumer  perspective  toplists  company  rankings  for  sales  and  analysis  market  studies  complete  markets  in  evaluation  industry  reports  all  key  figures  for  an  industry  global  business  cities  reports  global  business  city  rankings  and  key  figures  on  cities  brand  reports  insights  and  benchmarks  on  brands  worldwide  country  reports  countries  and  their  potential  further  studies  get  a  deeper  insight  into  your  topic  everything  you  need  to  know  about  consumer  goods  identify  market  potentials  of  the  digital  future  key
__label__situationalsurveillance topics  in  mobility  key  economic  and  social  indicators  insights  on  most  important  technology  markets  find  studies  from  all  around  the  internet  sales  and  employment  figures  at  a  glance  data  sets  for  your  business  plan  directly  accessible  data  for  170  industries  from  50  countries  and  over  1mio.  facts.  we  offer  customized  research  analysis  services.  content  marketing  information  design  for  your  projects:  kpis  for  more  than  10,000  online  stores  about  this  statistic  show  source  download  started  electronics  rfid  tags  global  market  size  forecast  20162020  telecommunications  internet  of  things  iot  market  size  in  europe  2014  and  2020,  by  country  electronics  connected  things  global
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  services  spending  20142017  telecommunications  average  spend  per  company  on  internet  of  things  worldwide  in  2015,  by  industry  you  only  have  access  to  basic  statistics.  instant  access  download  references  corporate  solution  including  all  features.  the  most  important  statistics  the  most  important  statistics  the  most  important  statistics  the  most  important  statistics  statista  offers  dossiers  and  reports  on  over  170  industries.  with  statista  you  are  always  able  to  make  informed  decisions  and  boost  your  work  efficiency.  we  provide  you  with  detailed  information  about  our  corporate  account.  register  in  seconds  and  access  exclusive  features.  free  59  per  month  this  feature  is  limited  to
__label__situationalsurveillance our  corporate  solutions.  please  contact  us  to  get  started  with  full  access  to  dossiers,  forecasts,  studies  and  international  data.  we  use  cookies  to  personalize  contents  and  ads,  offer  social  media  features,  and  analyze  access  to  our  website.  in  your  browser  settings  you  can  configure  or  disable  this,  respectively,  and  can  delete  any  already  placed  cookies.  for  details,  please  see  your  browsers  help  section  by  pressing  f1.  please  see  our  for  details  about  how  we  use  data.
__label__situationalsurveillance views  the  internet  connects  people  together  via  business  and  social  communication  or  with  systems  via  business  transaction  such  as  internet  banking  or  ecommerce.  on  the  other  hand,  the  emerging  internet  of  things  iot  is  all  about  connecting  machines  and  systems  together  via  sensors  and  actuators,  so  that  meaningful  information  from  these  systems  can  be  collected  and  actions  taken  to  enhance  human  productivity  and  efficiency.  were  talking  about  iot  driving  the  proliferation  of  connected  devices  from  around  a  billion  plus  today  to  over  50  billion  in  the  next  decade.  by  doing  so,  iot  takes  the  meaning  of  interconnectivity  to  a  whole
__label__situationalsurveillance new  level.  while  iot  promises  a  way  to  reduce  wastes,  costs  and  inconvenience  while  increasing  efficiency,  the  biggest  appeal  of  this  technology  trend  is  for  us  to  lead  environmentally  cleaner,  productive  and  a  better  quality  of  life.  some  example  of  such  benefits  are:  smarter  homes  and  offices  that  can  save  energy  costs,  or  modify  the  inner  ambiance  of  a  building  to  suit  the  tastes  and  needs  of  the  inhabitant,  or  offering  better  security  by  constant  surveillance  and  taking  proactive  action  such  as  alerting  the  local  police  in  case  of  security  breach.  better  health  care  via  remote  monitoring  of  patients  and
__label__situationalsurveillance even  remotely  administering  medication  to  them  reminders  of  mundane  tasks  such  as  payment  of  utility  bills,  parking  meters  smart  lighting  of  streets  or  automatic  sensing  and  control  of  traffic  signals  remote  monitoring  of  assembly  line  and  production  system  to  maximise  operational  efficiency,  reliability  and  safety  in  a  manufacturing  facility  smart  automobiles  that  can  summon  assistance  if  required,  assist  in  controlling  vehicle  speed  based  on  traffic  and  environmental  conditions  the  possibilities  for  today  and  the  future  are  limitless  and  thats  what  everyone  is  excited  about  the  possibilities  it  holds  for  the  future.  while  many  of  us  have  harboured  sciencefictional  and  futuristic
__label__situationalsurveillance dreams  of  using  smart  homes  and  offices  and  the  freedom  of  living  and  working  from  anywhere  irrespective  of  location  technology  to  enable  that  did  not  exist.  today  the  availability  of  the  following  technology  solutions  is  helping  to  make  iot  a  reality:  technologies  to  transport,  store  and  process  bigdata  generated  by  iot.  this  requires  high  computing  power,  distributed  processing  frameworks  and  storage  along  with  high  speed  networks  deployed  on  private  data  centres  or  ondemand  cloudbased  infrastructures.  most  of  these  are  already  a  reality  today  or  at  least  nearing  it.  capability  to  perform  business  and  data  analytics  to  give  insights  into  the
__label__situationalsurveillance information  received  from  the  iot  environment.  emergence  of  mobile  technologies  and  apps  that  provide  instant  access  to  data  and  actionable  events  to  users  via  personal  mobile  devices  as  usage  grows  and  iot  networks  become  more  pervasive,  costs  of  the  sensors  and  such  connected  devices  will  drop.  development  of  lowbandwidth,  lowpower  consuming  devices  will  further  drive  the  costs  down.  in  fact,  in  the  late  90s,  sun  microsystem  defined  a  javabased  standard  called  jini  which  was  a  network  architecture  comprised  of  distributed  systems,  devices  and  services.  jini  talked  about  connected  devices,  both  in  the  consumer  space  and  the  enterprise.  in  a  manner
__label__situationalsurveillance of  speaking,  jini  was  a  precursor  of  the  iot,  but  none  of  the  above  mentioned  supporting  technologies  existed  at  that  time  and  due  to  this  and  few  other  reasons.  jini  never  made  it  to  the  mainstream.  the  proliferation  of  connected  devices  from  1  per  person  today  to  say  10  devices  per  person  in  future,  will  open  up  a  lot  of  new  opportunities  for  startups  and  can  create  an  ecosystem  around  the  iot  area.  once  the  business  value  of  the  iot  domain  is  understood,  new  products,  services  and  revenue  models  will  emerge  which  will  attract  investments  and  therefore  create  jobs  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  iot  area.  this  also  has  the  potential  to  increase  imports  or  exports  for  such  products  and  solutions,  which  in  turn  could  push  up  economies  similar  to  what  it  services  has  done  for  india.  it  could  also  lead  to  the  emergence  of  ancillary  or  supporting  industries  such  as  manufacturing  of  smart  and  connected  devices,  monitoring  and  measurement  systems,  decision  control  and  analytics  systems  and  security  solutions  to  ensure  safe  use  and  address  privacy  concerns  when  it  comes  to  usage  of  iot.  regulatory  bodies  would  need  to  define  policies  and  guidelines  to  govern  usage  of  iot  when  it  comes  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance type  of  information  collected  by  iot  devices,  the  granularity  of  it,  who  has  access  to  it  and  how  it  will  be  used.  such  positive  actions  will  boost  user  confidence  in  the  technology  and  increase  adoption.  adoption  of  iot  will  also  give  rise  to  adoption  of  big  data  and  analytics  technologies  that  can  provide  insight  to  take  meaningful  decision.  the  large  number  of  devices,  coupled  with  the  high  volume,  velocity  and  structure  of  iot  data,  can  creates  opportunities  especially  in  the  areas  of  security,  data,  storage  management,  servers  and  the  data  centre  network,  data  analytics.  this  means  skills  such  as  knowledge
__label__situationalsurveillance of  business  analysis,  maths  and  statistics,  creative  design  for  end  user  visualisation,  big  data  frameworks,  programming  and  architecting  large  scalable  systems  and  knowledge  of  devices  used  in  the  iot  ecosystems  will  be  in  demand  in  addition  to  understanding  business  specific  usage  patterns,  customer  behaviours  and  innovative  marketing  techniques.  this  could  also  influence  the  course  and  curriculum  used  in  schools  and  colleges.  however,  along  with  all  these  benefits  arise  concerns  of  security  risks  and  breach  of  privacy.  smart  meters  improve  energy  usage  by  monitoring  movements  or  presence  of  inhabitants  in  a  house  and  shut  down  energyconsuming  devices  when  no  one  is
__label__situationalsurveillance at  home  or  in  unoccupied  rooms.  however,  if  such  records  of  our  movements  or  absence  in  the  house  falls  into  the  wrong  hands,  security  could  be  compromised.  similarly  monitoring  the  activities  of  patients  or  the  elderly  could  be  seen  as  intrusion  on  their  private  lives.  such  intrusive  monitoring  of  persons  could  also  lead  to  unwanted  social  implications  and  change  in  behavioural  patterns.  then  there  are  concerns  about  the  privacy  of  the  information  being  gathered,  who  has  access  to  it  and  how  it  will  be  used.  having  such  privacy  and  security  concerns  about  an  upcoming  technology  is  not  new  or  unwarranted.
__label__situationalsurveillance we  felt  the  same  when  internet  based  email  systems  were  first  made  available  or  accessing  our  data  in  cloud  based  infrastructures.  how  the  industry  promoting  iot  deals  with  such  issues  will  be  important.  if  they  are  able  to  consistently  demonstrate  the  safe  usage  of  iot,  it  could  really  open  up  possibilities  for  a  cleaner,  better  and  productive  life  for  all  of  us.  read  about  the  latest  technological  developments  and  data  trends  transforming  the  world  of  gaming  analytics  in  this  exclusive  ebook  from  the  datax  team.  sign  up  for  this  week  in  innovation  to  stay  up  to  date  with  all  the
__label__situationalsurveillance predictions  about  the  internet  of  things  iot,  can  be  ,  and  ,  so  weve  compiled  50  tangible  applications  of  current  iot  technology  in  10  major  industries:  even  if  your  industry  isnt  mentioned  in  this  list,  here  are  those  applications  to  use  for  inspiration:  the  smart  agriculture  market  is  predicted  to  grow  to  and  .  increases  crop  yield  by  controlling  environmental  parameters  like  light,  temperature,  air  pressure,  and  humidity.  iot  helps  by  adding  remotecontrolled  sensors  and  actuators  that  allow  farmers  to  remotely  monitor  their  greenhouses  conditions  and  update  its  behavior.  when  combined  with  artificial  intelligence,  iot  technology  can  even  complete  the
__label__situationalsurveillance necessary  tasks  itself  turn  on  lights,  control  a  heater,  open  a  window,  etc.  the  smart  greenhouse  market  alone  is  projected  to  grow  to  and  .  for  farmers,  iot  greenhouses  will:  if  youre  looking  for  a  smart  greenhouse,  look  no  further:  drones  are  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  that  can  access  the  airspace  above  growing  fields  with  an  ease  previously  impossible  or  prohibitively  expensive.  these  can  help  farmers  monitor  fields  by  and  like  seeds,  water,  and  crop  sprays.  aerial  pictures  not  apparent  at  eye  level,  such  as  soil  variation,  irrigation  issues,  and  even  pest/fungal  infestations.  these  images  ,  which  can  show  valuable  information
__label__situationalsurveillance invisible  to  the  naked  eye.  this  data  can  provide  on  plant  health,  plant  height,  plant  counting,  and  yield  prediction.  additionally,  a  drones  results  are  ,  so  a  grower  can  get  actionable,  fieldlevel  sameday  information,  an  impressive  level  of  immediacy  and  convenience  for  the  industry.  drones  have  also  been  known  to  via  systems  that  reduce  planting  costs  and  precision  spraying  drones  that  .  compared  to  most  farm  equipment,  drones  are  extremely  affordable,  often  paying  for  themselves  or  even  .  iot  precision  agriculture  makes  farming  through  increasingly  precise  .  these  include  monitors  for  weather,  soil,  air  quality,  temperature,  precipitation,  crop  maturity,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance animal  health  as  well  as  actuators  for  ,  which  lets  a  farmer  control  the  amount  of  input  they  apply  in  each  specific  location.  the  precision  agriculture  market  is  expected  to  reach  throughiot  applications  that:  use  internetconnected  machines  to  replace  human  labor  during  crop  growing  and  harvesting.  these  machines  use  iotcoordinated  and  to  complete  tasks  that  previously  required  human  labor.  robots  are  typically  ,  leading  to  significant  time  savings  and  .  they  can  also  and  help  to  ease  the  nations  current  that  are  .  iot  allows  farmers  to  that  tracklocation,  well  being,  and  even  animal  health.  the  farmer  can  then  monitor
__label__situationalsurveillance their  herd  in  realtime  and  receive  alerts  for  important  situations.  smart  livestock  implementations  have  been  shown  to:  in  general,  iot  improves  the  livestock  farming  experience  at  every  step  along  the  way:  with  already  having  an  allocated  budget  for  iot,  the  smart  retail  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  .  include  iot  sensors  built  into  retail  shelves.  these  sensors  can  gather  data  from  tags  on  items  or  their  packaging  and  communicate  it  to  the  store  or  directly  to  shoppers.  smart  shelves  have  been  shown  to:  ,  stores  are  now  able  to  upgrade  from  the  standard  cashierscanningbarcode  method  of  checkout.  iotenabled  automated
__label__situationalsurveillance checkout  systems  pair  video  cameras  with  computer  vision  and  ai  to  associate  shoppers  with  items,  while  embed  in  product  packaging.  automated  checkout  can  reduce  cashier  staff  requirements  ,  resulting  in  annual  savings  of  150b  billion.  in  addition  to  the  cost  savings,  can  avoid  human  error  and  even  prevent  shrinkage:  while  a  thief  may  be  able  to  fool  store  personnel  by  hiding  an  item  under  their  shirt,  iot  checkout  systems  are  .  robotics  specializes  in  replacing  repetitive  tasks,  a  categorization  that  applies  to  .  by  connecting  these  robots  to  other  iot  devices  and  the  internet,  retail  establishments  can  train  machines  to
__label__situationalsurveillance join  the  workforce.  smart  robot  employees  have  been  used  to:  a  is  the  system  of  coordinating  goods  from  initial  manufacturing  all  the  way  to  retail  sale.  by  adding  to  track  traits  like  location,  physical  orientation,  and  damage,  retailers  can  have  increased  confidence  theyll  have  the  right  items  in  the  right  condition  at  the  right  time.  can  lower  delivery  ,  increase  confidence  in  manufacturing  quality,  and  even  perform  automatic  reordering.  iot  technology  can  improve  supply  chain  practices  at  every  single  step  along  the  way:  through  personalized  messages,  item  monitoring,  and  computer  vision,  retailers  can  use  iot  to  better  .  for  example,
__label__situationalsurveillance a  bluetoothpowered  location  proximity  sensor  called  a  allows  stores  to  communicate  with  specific  customers  in  a  targeted  location.  according  to  ,  over  85  of  retailers  who  have  implemented  iot  have  seen  improved  insights  into  customer  preferences,  so  its  no  wonder  that  are  expected  to  implement  iot  devices  to  enhance  customer  experience  by  2021.  these  enhancements  could  come  in  the  form  of:  these  strategies  seem  to  work:  say  beacontriggered  content  increased  their  likelihood  to  purchase  instore.  industrial  iot  is  expected  to  grow  to  ,  and  is  impressive  enough  to  have  received  its  own  categorizing  acronym,  the  iiot.  iot  by  attaching  sensors
__label__situationalsurveillance that  report  back  on  the  items  status  and  location,  allowing  for  improvements  to  the  companys  processes.  a  is  typically  comprised  of  the  following  four  steps:  asset  utilization  is  expected  to  over  the  next  ten  years.  why?  better  asset  tracking  can:  through  iot  sensors  and  ai,  that  previouslyrequired  human  intervention.  industrial  manufacturers  are  increasingly  relying  on  automated  iot  components  to  improve  efficiency  and  reduce  costs.  these  automated  components  can  also  collect  objective  performance  data  and  ,  allowing  for  further  optimization  of  the  manufacturing  process.  additionally,  because  the  communication  between  multiple  iot  devices  is  much  faster  than  that  between  humans,  industrial  automation
__label__situationalsurveillance systems  can  ,  eliminate  steps,  and  even  create  new  .  because  the  iotenabled  industrial  automation  market  is  so  large,  many  companies  have  set  out  to  tackle  it,  including:  through  iots  ,  an  organization  can  better  understand  its  energy  habits  and  perform  tactical  alterations  to  systems  like  lighting,  room  equipment,  or  heating,  ventilation,  and  airconditioning  .  by  2020,  smart  energy  management  is  predicted  to  account  for  ,  ,  and  .  for  companies,  the  clearest  benefit  of  smart  energy  management  comes  in  the  form  of  reduced  utility  bills:  by  one  estimation,  iot  can  save  a  whopping  .  aims  to  fix  machines  just
__label__situationalsurveillance before  a  failure.  compare  it  with  ,  whichresponds  to  breakages,  and  ,  whichfollows  a  regular  maintenance  schedule.  iotenabled  predictive  maintenance  systems  typically  use  :  ibms  mary  bunzel  believes  that  of  every  dollar  spent  on  preventative  maintenance  is  wasted.  while  this  number  sounds  high,  it  does  align  with  the  data  that  only  18  of  equipment  failures  ,  while  82  of  failures  occur  randomly  as  that  suggests  a  severe  flaw  in  timebased  maintenance  strategies.  according  to  the  ,  predictive  maintenance  would  reduce  maintenance  costs,  breakdowns,  and  downtime  for  oil  gas  companies  by  30,  70,  and  40,  respectively.  iotenabled  predictive  maintenance  technology  can:
__label__situationalsurveillance an  industrial  supply  chain  is  a  network  stretching  all  the  way  back  from  customers,  through  retailers  to  distribution  centers,  warehouses,  factories,  and  suppliers.  many  of  these  communication  steps  are  heavily  dependent  on  email  and  phone  communication  between  people,  and  could  be  made  .  supply  chain  inefficiencies  annually  cost  businesses  in  the  uk  alone,  with  cisco  estimating  iot  supply  chain  applications  to  be  worth  iot  provides  firms  with  clearer  visibility  on  the  movement  of  their  goods,  even  down  to  the  precise  location  at  each  second,  allowing  companies  to:  through  iot,  many  currently  invisible  assets  in  the  supply  chain  become  visible,  :
__label__situationalsurveillance the  smart  infrastructure  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  and  includes  iotenabled  connects  iot  sensors  at  each  parking  space  with  a  cloudbased  server  that  provides  individuals  with  realtime  information  about  the  location  of  available  parking  spaces.  in  addition  to  an  improved  user  experience,  :  for  these  reasons  and  more,  its  being  recommended  by  the  north  america  .  systems  apply  iot  sensors  to  gather  data  about  traffic  patterns  and  can  even  change  conditions  in  real  time,  such  as  by  altering  traffic  signals  to  divert  vehicles  to  lessused  routes.  in  2016,  traffic  congestion  cost  u.s.  drivers  in  wasted  time  and  fuel.  in
__label__situationalsurveillance addition  to  the  economic  and  emotional  improvements  of  improving  traffic  flow,  smart  traffic  management  systems  can  also  reach  their  destination  faster.  a  power  grid  is  the  network  of  electrical  lines,  substations,  and  more  that  deliver  electricity  to  homes  and  businesses.  an  iot  power  grid,  known  as  the  adds  internet  connectivity  to  the  power  grid,  allowing  for  remote  monitoring  and  control  of  the  entire  electrical  system.  :  utility  companies  are  already  seeing  the  benefits,  with  already  using  the  iot  for  outage  management  and  a  further  24  planning  to  use  it  in  the  next  three  years.  most  noniot  waste  collection  companies  service
__label__situationalsurveillance containers  on  a  fixed  schedule,  which  is  inevitably  inefficient  because  some  bins  are  still  nearly  empty  while  others  are  overflowing.  instead,  can  track  waste  levels  and  composition  through  bin  sensors  to  ensure  the  garbage  company  services  them  only  when  needed.  they  can  also  improve  route  optimization  and  analytics  through  technology  like  on  binsand  trucks.  the  smart  wastemarket  is  expected  to  grow  to  thanks  to  :  can  granularly  monitor  various  metrics  such  as  pressure,  temperature,  water  level,  and  flow  across  all  steps  of  the  water  systemfrom  sourcing  to  reclamationproviding  realtime  information  as  well  as  remote  control.  smart  water  management  solutions  can
__label__situationalsurveillance save  utility  companies  annually,  and  cities  of  their  total  water  cost.  the  adoption  of  smart  meter  devices  is  therefore  growing,  with  the  total  market  expected  to  grow  to  .  specifically,  iot  can  through:  the  market  for  smart  buildings  is  expected  to  grow  to  through  sensors  that  monitor  the  presence  of  harmful  pollutants  or  organic  compounds,  then  alter  the  behavior  of  other  internetconnected  systems,  such  as  turning  off  a  buildings  hvac  system  or  switching  on  a  uv  air  purifier.  this  is  an  example  of  how  a  smart  air  quality  system  could  be  structured:  workers  are  when  they  work  from  buildings  with
__label__situationalsurveillance good  indoor  environmental  quality,  so  its  no  wonder  the  global  indoor  air  quality  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  .  :  contrariwise,  :  use  internetconnected  sensors  to  detect  equipment  failure  or  degradation  and  make  realtime  changes  from  any  part  of  the  world.  the  international  energy  association  estimates  that  buildings  account  for  even  ,  and  20  of  energyrelated  greenhouse  gas  emissions.  iot  energy  management  programs  can  save  of  energy  in  midsized  buildings,  providing  a  returnoninvestment  in  as  little  as  six  months.  upgrading  from  the  utility  billandspreadsheet  method  of  improving  a  buildings  energy  efficiency,  :  broken  down  by  type  of  building,  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance solutions  can  decrease  energy  use  by:  iot  buildings  like  lighting,  humidity,  and  temperature,  even  allowing  individuals  to  improve  them  in  real  time  from  a  mobile  device.  a  proper  office  temperature  and  .  lighting  can  too,  and  can  be  improved  by  like  and  .  iot  security  systems  have  come  a  long  way  from  their  predecessor  .  now,  can  coordinate  multiple  elementscameras,  microphones,  door  locks,  facial  recognition  sensors,  even  allowing  all  internetconnected  aspects  of  a  buildings  security  system  to  be  monitored  and  adjusted  remotely.  iot  :  iot  security  systems  are  also  ,  so  theyre  generally  quick  and  easy  to  install  out  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  box.  predictive  maintenance  amalgamates  information  from  iot  sensors  to  understand  the  state  of  a  building  and  its  equipment,  then  predict  the  proper  time  to  perform  preemptive  maintenance.  an  iot  predictive  maintenance  system  is  :  iotbased  predictive  maintenance  can  improve  equipment  effectiveness  and  reduce  maintenance  costs  by  up  to  13.  elevators  are  of  the  power  of  iot  for  predictive  maintenance.  an  iot  elevator  may  track  any  number  of  metrics,  :  by  monitoring  these  elements,  along  with  changes  in  operating  conditions  such  as  friction,  noise,  and  heat,  the  elevator  can  automatically  predict  when  it  needs  maintenance,  thereby  increasing  product  reliability,  expediting
__label__situationalsurveillance diagnosis,  and  avoiding  downtime.  the  wearable  smart  electronics  industry  has  already  ,  with  saying  they  feel  naked  when  not  wearing  their  device.  iot  wearables  for  pets  are  typically  equipped  with  a  gps  tracker  and  biometric  sensors  that  log  location  and  behavioral  data  of  fourlegged  friends.  while  most  animal  wearables  to  provide  their  owners  with  peace  of  mind,  also  track  other  elements,  such  as  their  diet  or  emotional  state,  which  can  be  later  used  to  alter  animal  care.  by  sensing  and  relaying  information  to  someone  who  would  have  been  otherwise  unable  to  receive  it.  as  assistive  technology  improves,  its  data  requirements
__label__situationalsurveillance increase.  by  connecting  an  assistive  technology  to  the  internet,  device  manufacturers  can  take  advantage  of  increased  data  storage  and  cloudbased  processing  speed,  therefore  finding  themselves  less  limited  in  the  technologies  they  create.  wearable  technology  can  monitor  human  biometrics,  tracking  a  large  amount  of  information  for  both  individuals  and  whole  populations.  already,  track  step  count,  cadence,  and  speed,  with  many  tackling  like  skin  temperature,  and  .  while  most  iot  wearables  like  the  and  are  ,  they  still  provide  valuable,  actionable  information  on  health,  and  even  .  iot  wearables  designed  with  healthcare  in  mind  ,  both  for  individual  health  and  populationwide  understanding
__label__situationalsurveillance of  disease.  bodymounted  iot  sensors  have  through  their  ability  to  measure  movement  in  real  athletic  situations.  they  can  monitor  all  sorts  of  data,  like  ,  speed,  and  vital  signs  which  can  be  later  used  to  improve  future  training.  additionally,  many  of  these  technologies  are  seeping  down  from  the  pro  level  .  the  market  for  sports  wearables  is  estimated  to  reach  .  wearables  have  been  ,  ,  ,and  to  golfers.  it  might  be  shorter  to  list  the  facets  that  they  havent  been  improving.  by  connecting  a  person  to  all  their  internetconnected  devices,  wearables  allow  their  users  to  .  as  analyst  jeff
__label__situationalsurveillance kagan  ,  the  smartwatch  will  be  your  remote  control  for  your  smartphone.  and  your  smartphone  will  be  your  remote  control  for  your  life.  the  clearest  example  of  a  benefit  is  that  of  convenience:  imagine  using  a  smartwatch  to  or  .  the  compendium  of  implementations  is  wideranging  in  essence,  youll  be  able  to  control  anything  with  an  internet  connection  from  the  wearables  on  your  body.  the  market  for  internetconnected  vehicle  technology  is  expected  to  grow  to  .  as  cars  are  increasingly  connected  to  the  internet,  theyre  to  accelerate,  brake,  and  steer  with  little  or  no  driver  input.  these  autonomous  vehicles  typically
__label__situationalsurveillance employ  the  following  :  vehicle  automation  into  :  autonomous  vehicles  are  expected  to  provide:  many  car  companies  are  investing  in  the  autonomous  vehicle  market:  noncar  related  technology  companies  have  shown  interest  as  well,  with  googles  autonomous  car  company  on  the  verge  of  .  uses  physical  and  behavioral  characteristics  to  recognize  specific  people  and  their  behaviors.  these  :  for  cars,  iot  :  is  the  incar  hardware  and  software  that  provides  an  improved  journey  to  its  passengers  through  navigation  and  diagnostics  as  well  as  entertainment.  the  invehicle  infotainment  market  is  expected  to  reach  ,  driven  by  and  an  .  infotainment  systems  can
__label__situationalsurveillance save  their  users  time  and  effort,  syncing  with  a  drivers  calendar  and  traffic  conditions  to  automatically  calculate  the  time  and  route  to  their  next  meeting.  additionally,  while  current  car  entertainment  is  typically  radio  or  bluetoothbased,  autonomous  vehicles  free  up  the  drivers  attention,  allowing  them  to  watch  movies  instead  of  watching  the  road.  iot  can  dramatically  increase  the  number  of  sensors  in  a  vehicle,  improving  its  owners  ability  to  keep  it  running  smoothly.  this  sort  of  iot  predictive  maintenance  for  vehicles  typically  :  the  effects  of  predictive  maintenance:  source  1:  source  2:  source  3:  for  automotive  iot  applications,  :  these  improvements
__label__situationalsurveillance can  sum  to  impressively  large  numbers.  vehicle  downtime  in  the  trucking  industry,  for  instance,  can  cost  .  automotive  while  iot  sensors  can  be  applied  to  many  different  elements  of  a  car,  lets  take  the  battery  as  an  example.  heres  how  an  iot  predictive  maintenance  system  could  work  for  a  car  battery:  allows  vehicles  to  share  their  sensors  with  the  vehicles  around  them,  thereby  developing  a  more  detailed  and  accurate  mapping  of  the  world.  v2v  technologys  main  aims  are  .  enhanced  v2v  communication  is  predicted  to  address  approximately  which  accounted  for  .  on  the  traffic  side,  costs  5.5  billion  hours  and
__label__situationalsurveillance 121b  in  fuel  costs  and  delays.simple  v2v  technology  can  easily  fix  many  congestion  issues  ,  and  would  reduce  congestion  in  the  orange  county  area  of  californias  interstate  5  .  in  the  future,  more  complicated  ,  such  as  relaying  information  to  traffic  lights  and  speed  limit  signs,  could  further  improve  traffic.  the  smart  transportation  market  is  expected  to  reach  .  is  the  coordination  between  large  numbers  of  vehicles,  a  practice  typically  performed  through  cumbersome  logistics,  but  which  could  become  much  more  seamless  and  automated  through  iot  devices.  by  adding  rfid  systems,  mobile  scanners,  and  computers,  for  instance,  fleet  management  systems  can
__label__situationalsurveillance knowthe  and  of  the  different  vehicles  in  their  fleet.  :  iots  improvements  to  trains  come  in  four  areas:  for  smart  trains,  :  unmanned  aerial  vehicles  called  drones,  typically  in  the  form  of  ,  have  recently  taken  off  in  popularity.  through  internetconnected  cameras  and  remote  piloting,  as  well  as  recent  ,  they  are  gaining  the  increased  ability  to  .  the  drone  delivery  and  logistics  market  is  expected  to  balloon  to  .  its  often  and  is  forecasted  to  have  ,  consuming  .  through  improved  monitoring  and  communication,  iot  is  dramatically  improving  coordination  both  within  transit  systems  and  between  the  systems  and  their
__label__situationalsurveillance customers.  :  while  waiting  for  a  public  transit  vehicle  was  previously  a  guessing  game,  iot  makes  accurate,  realtime  information  ,  even  allowing  rerouting  in  case  of  issues.  this  also  allows  for  additional  data  to  be  gathered,  which  can  be  beneficial  for  ,  ,  and  predictive  analytics.  by  adding  internetconnected  sensors,  iot  allows  individuals  to  monitor  the  status  of  vehicles  with  a  greater  granularity  on  timing  and  an  increased  macro  understanding  of  how  to  fit  transportation  decisions  into  strategic  goals.  monitoring  devices  typically  use  forvehicles  and  the  assets  they  carry,  along  with  syncing  to  additional  context  like  weather  conditions  and  traffic
__label__situationalsurveillance congestion.  for  business  transportation  applications,  endtoend  visibility  facilitates  effective,  timely  decisionsthat  can  be  .  for  consumer  applications,  this  visibility  by  factoring  in  aspects  of  a  vehicles  context,  from  the  delay  of  a  bus  to  local  traffic  congestion  and  weather.  the  smart  home  market  is  expected  to  reach  .  through  a  combination  of  horticultural  sensors  and  data  analytics  paired  with  machine  learning,  iot  can  monitor  plants,  make  insights  and  suggestions,  and  even  implement  them  without  user  input.  the  american  home  gardening  industry  is  worth  an  impressive  .  iot  applications  include:  through  embedded  sensors  and  internetconnected  apps  often  paired  with  voice  commands,
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  products  can  and  even  add  .  while  most  increases  convenience  or  entertainment,  are  targeted  at  improving  health  and  hygiene.  iot  adds  sensors  and  connectivity  to  kitchen  devices,  increasing  communication  both  between  kitchen  devices  and  the  abilities  of  the  internet.  :  the  implementations  are  wideranging,  best  explained  by  examples:  as  sensors  ,  homes  are  accordingly  increasing  their  level  of  automation,  leading  to  :  home  automation  iot  technology  can  touch  on  every  aspect  of  home  life,  from  increased  and  to  ,  ,  and  .  even  many  nonobvious  areas  like  and  benefit  from  becoming  iot.  by  connecting  safety  security  systems  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance internet,  homeowners  can  monitor  their  homes  status  from  anywhere.  these  applications  typically  include  internetconnected  ,  ,  and  ,  but  can  also  tack  on  more  nuanced  applications  like  and  .  at  ,  home  security  systems  are  currently  the  most  financially  successful  iot  applications.  they  allow  homeowners  to  ,  and  can  even  .  safety.com  has  written  a  review  of  the  that  incorporate  different  smart  home  applications  from  popular  security  companies.  healthcare  iotis  expected  to  grow  to  .  through  remote  sensors,  iot  can  help  provide  ,  including  biometrics  like  weight,  heart  rate,  electrocardiogram,  blood  sugar  levels,  blood  pressure,  and  blood  oxygen  levels,  allowing
__label__situationalsurveillance for  health  improvements  even  in  locations  that  lack  sufficient  medical  specialists  or  facilities.  smart  remote  patient  monitoring  is  expected  to  reach  a  market  size  of  .  the  :  is  the  process  of  delivering  medical  care  from  a  distance,  such  as  through  a  textbased  portal  or  a  phone/video  call.  when  combined  with  remote  patient  monitoring,  iot  medical  sensors  can  connect  patient  data  to  the  internet  and  doctors  to  their  patients,  allowing  for  diagnoses  and  medical  treatment  from  a  distance.  benefits  of  iotenabled  telemedicine  include:  for  these  reasons  and  more,  telehealth  is  becoming  and  by  employersponsored  health  plans.  through  greater  medication  monitoring
__label__situationalsurveillance and  adherence  data,  iot  can  save  some  of  the  and  help  to  prevent  some  of  the  caused  by  improper  patient  adherence.  iots  applications  to  drug  management  typically  come  through  sensors  on  medication  packages/bottles  that  prompt  patients  to  take  their  medication  and/or  automatically  transmit  adherence  data  to  doctors.  half  of  patients  in  longterm  treatment  ,  with  that  patient  adherence  improves  by  20  if  they  know  their  habits  are  being  tracked.  additionally,  smart  drug  management  can  provide  a  clearer,  more  accurate  picture  of  individual  health  than  ,  which  can  aid  doctors  in  providing  proper  medical  advice.  iots  can  help  patients  manage  their
__label__situationalsurveillance chronic  diseases  and  report  back  reliable  information  to  their  doctors.  perhaps  because  chronically  ill  patients  ,  these  iot  solutions  typically  come  in  the  form  of  automatic  monitoring  or  management  that  removes  the  need  for  a  patient  to  take  action.  with  over  half  of  americans  living  with  a  chronic  condition  and  going  to  the  treatment  of  chronic  diseases,  the  value  of  iotenabled  remote  monitoring  for  patients  with  chronic  diseases  could  amount  to  .  hospital  asset  management  involves  ,  including  supplies,  infrastructure,  medical  equipment,  and  even  physicians,  staff,  and  patients.  through  iot  monitoring  devices  like  rfid  tags,  the  hospital  can  more  precisely
__label__situationalsurveillance and  reliably  know  the  location  and  status  of  these  valuable  assets.  iot  in  hospital  asset  management  is  expected  to  provide  .  these  savings  come  from:  additionally,  can  help  locate  staff,  ensuring  proper  personnel  presence  during  emergencies.  an  example  of  an  iotenabled  hospital  ecosystem:  in  brazil  has  to  identify  and  locate  equipment  in  its  intensive  care  unit,  including  electrocardiograph  machines,  infusion  pumps,  and  cardiac  monitors.  the  system  has  streamlined  audits  and  prevented  thefts  while  reducing  operating  costs.  as  the  hospitals  superintendent  :  iot  technologies,  when  well  applied,  are  a  great  support.  .  services  resources  company  legal
__label__situationalsurveillance the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  engineering,  macquarie  university,  sydney,  nsw  2109,  australia  department  of  engineering,  macquarie  university,  sydney,  nsw  2109,  australia  department  of  electrical  and  electronic  engineering,  uttara  university,  dhaka  1230,  bangladesh  shenzhen  institute  of  advanced  technology,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  shenzhen  518055,  china  department  of  engineering,  macquarie  university,  sydney,  nsw  2109,  australia  an  internet  of  things  iot  enabled  intelligent  sensor  node  has  been  designed  and  developed  for  smart  city  applications.  the  fabricated  sensor  nodes  count  the  number  of  pedestrians,  their  direction  of  travel  along  with  some  ambient  parameters.  the  field  of  view  fov  of
__label__situationalsurveillance fresnel  lens  of  commercially  available  passive  infrared  pir  sensors  has  been  specially  tuned  to  monitor  the  movements  of  only  humans  and  no  other  domestic  animals  such  as  dogs,  cats  etc.  the  ambient  parameters  include  temperature,  humidity,  pressure,  carbon  di  oxide  co  and  total  volatile  organic  component  tvoc.  the  monitored  data  are  uploaded  to  the  internet  server  through  the  long  range  wide  area  network  lorawan  communication  system.  an  intelligent  algorithm  has  been  developed  to  achieve  an  accuracy  of  95  for  the  pedestrian  count.  there  are  a  total  of  74  sensor  nodes  that  have  been  installed  around  macquarie  university  and  continued  working
__label__situationalsurveillance for  the  last  six  months.  with  the  proliferation  of  technological  advancement,  the  idea  of  a  smart  city  is  emerging  day  by  day.  a  city  is  named  as  smart  once  its  intelligent  and  sustainable  infrastructure  is  integrated  with  advanced  technological  solutions  .  the  essential  purpose  of  building  a  smart  city  is  providing  a  sustainable,  environmentfriendly  life  to  its  residents.  it  is  predicted  that  66  of  the  world  population  is  expected  to  live  in  urban  areas  by  2050  .  due  to  the  industrial  revolution  and  rapid  urbanization,  human  societies  are  in  great  strain  on  resource  consumption  and  environmental  issues  .  thus,  it
__label__situationalsurveillance has  become  an  important  issue  to  keep  track  of  footpath  traffic  and  environmental  parameters  for  urban  planning,  retail  development,  major  event  crowd  assessments,  pedestrian  safety,  traffic  flow  management  and  assessments  of  the  street  development.  researchers  are  seeking  interest  in  people  counting  in  office  buildings  as  well  as  public  places  such  as  train  stations.  there  are  numerous  researches  that  have  been  carried  out  on  human  counting  using  different  technologies  in  the  indoor  environment  ,  ,  .  occupancy  counting  in  smart  buildings  is  implemented  via  video  cameras,  thermal  cameras,  sensors,  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  and  wifi  probe  requests  ,  ,  ,  .
__label__situationalsurveillance one  of  the  most  extensively  used  methods  of  human  counting  is  the  usage  of  a  video  camera.  it  also  has  a  wide  range  of  applications  in  the  surveillance  of  potential  areas  for  detecting  unusual  events,  tracking  customers  in  retail  stores  to  control  and  monitor  the  movements  of  assets,  monitoring  elderly  and  sick  people  staying  at  home  alone,  recognize  and  track  people  .  the  number  of  people  in  each  frame  of  the  video  camera  are  determined  based  on  the  image  processing  algorithm.  some  methods  count  the  number  of  people  by  counting  heads,  whereas  some  methods  count  faces  from  the  captured  images
__label__situationalsurveillance .  however,  the  system  count  and  actual  count  vary  due  to  the  spatial  characteristics  of  the  area  under  surveillance  confined  compared  to  open  area,  features  extracted  from  the  image,  expected  response  time  realtime  requirements  compared  to  offline  processing  and  the  maximum  size  of  the  crowd.  moreover,  the  performance  of  the  video  camera  degrades  due  to  environmental  conditions  such  as  sudden  luminosity  changes,  camera  location  and  angle  of  view.  furthermore,  the  process  of  counting  people  is  complicated  and  very  costly  in  terms  of  computing  and  money  .  there  is  an  infringement  of  privacy.  this  technique  allows  accuracy  up  to  95  for
__label__situationalsurveillance an  indoor  surveillance  environmental  and  85  for  outdoor  applications  .  a  thermal  camera  is  another  popular  method  for  human  detection.  it  is  also  used  for  vehicle  detection,  search  for  victims  at  night,  spot  smoldering  fires  inside  a  wall  and  detecting  overheating  electrical  wiring.  the  thermal  camera  functions  by  detecting  the  infrared  energy  emitted  by  an  object  which  is  known  as  a  heat  signature  and  creating  an  image  electronically  based  on  information  about  the  temperature  differences.  compared  to  optical  imaging,  thermal  imaging  cameras  are  advantageous  for  nighttime  video  surveillance.  it  can  be  used  where  pedestrians  privacy  respect  cannot  be  violated.  however,
__label__situationalsurveillance it  also  outperforms  the  bad  results  obtained  from  visible  images  due  to  occlusions  or  closing  texture  .  moreover,  the  size  and  weight  of  the  camera  are  quite  big  4  kg  to  7  kg,  and  it  consumes  a  high  current  250  ma,  which  requires  additional  circuitry  to  run  by  an  iot  enabled  microcontroller  based  system  .  pirs  are  other  important  technologies  for  human  detection.  these  lowcost  motion  sensors  respond  when  an  infrared  ir  emitting  subject  humans  or  animals  passes  through  its  fov  .  pir  sensors  have  been  employed  by  many  researchers  for  human  detection,  localization  and  gait  velocity  estimation  at  indoor
__label__situationalsurveillance surveillance.  zappi  et  al.  2010  proposed  an  array  of  passive  infrared  sensors  pir  placed  on  the  ceiling  to  determine  the  number  of  people  passing  the  hallway.  they  detected  the  position  and  direction  of  movement  from  the  analogue  output  signal  of  pir  which  consists  of  two  peaks.  however,  the  drawback  of  the  system  is  that  it  cannot  detect  more  than  one  person  at  a  time  .  wang  et  al.  2014  showed  two  fusion  methods  for  determining  the  building  occupant  level.  the  first  method  assumed  independent  observations  of  the  multiple  systems,  whereas  the  second  method  exploits  the  correlation  among  the  multiple  information
__label__situationalsurveillance sources.  they  combined  two  methods  and  compared  the  experimental  results  with  the  results  obtained  from  individual  rfid  or  video  cameras.  the  maximum  accuracy  of  this  fusion  method  is  73  only  .  the  usage  of  pir  sensors  does  not  violate  human  privacy,  unlike  the  video  camera.  it  needs  3.35  v  supply  to  drive  the  pir  sensors.  it  consumes  only  3  ma  current  while  sensing  .  therefore,  it  is  possible  to  use  the  sensors  in  a  microcontrollerbased  system.  as  the  current  consumption  is  deficient,  there  is  no  necessity  to  use  any  amplifier  .  therefore,  the  circuitry  becomes  very  simple.  these  sensors  have
__label__situationalsurveillance been  widely  used  for  human  presence  detection  in  the  indoor  environment  .  however,  it  is  not  used  in  the  outdoor  environment  to  date  as  its  performance  degrades  with  the  change  in  temperature  and  humidity.  the  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  technology  is  also  used  for  the  identification  of  objects  and  people.  there  are  two  main  components  of  an  rfid  network  such  as  rfid  readers  and  rfid  tags.  it  then  reflects  signals  with  the  tags  unique  identification  number  to  the  reader.  the  rfid  reader  emits  electromagnetic  waves  and  activates  the  rfid  tags  .  rfid  tags  are  classified  as  active  and  passive.  between
__label__situationalsurveillance these  two,  passive  rfid  tags  are  vastly  used  due  to  long  life  and  costeffectiveness.  among  various  applications,  some  potential  applications  are  occupancy  counting  in  smart  buildings,  building  evacuation  during  natural  disasters  or  terrorist  attack,  bus  and  railway  stations,  smart  parking  systems,  asset  tracking,  bill  payment  in  toll  gates,  track  prisoners,  etc.  ,  ,  .  the  utilization  of  wifi  probe  requests  is  another  important  aspect  of  human  counting  and  tracking  inside  office  buildings.  ciftler  et  al.  2018  used  wifi  probe  requests  for  human  occupancy  monitoring  and  tracking  in  smart  buildings.  probe  requests  are  continuously  broadcasted  signals  from  devices  having  wifi  technology,
__label__situationalsurveillance such  as  smartphones,  laptops  and  tablets.  the  unencrypted  probe  requests  can  be  captured  and  decoded  using  passive  sniffers  without  connecting  to  a  particular  network.  the  proposed  method  was  able  to  differentiate  the  peak  and  offpeak  hours  of  individual  zones  and  track  zonelevel  occupancy  tracking  with  a  maximum  accuracy  of  90.  this  is  adaptable  for  localization  of  pinch  points  of  a  building,  tracking  and  occupancy  counting  for  indoor  surveillance  .  in  addition  to  the  development  of  occupancy  counting  in  smart  buildings,  some  cities  of  the  usa,  europe  and  australia  have  already  started  adopting  smart  technologies  in  their  cities  for  pedestrian  counting
__label__situationalsurveillance and  collecting  environmental  data.  these  data  are  collected  to  have  an  adequate  understanding  of  the  ongoing  trends  of  pedestrian  activity.  this  helps  to  plan  and  respond  to  emergencies.  moreover,  this  data  helps  the  city  planner  to  take  a  decision  quickly.  the  pedestrian  counting  system  of  melbourne  uses  both  camera  and  laserbased  sensors,  whereas  auckland,  new  york,  dublin,  and  barcelona  use  only  camerabased  technology.  some  systems  auckland,  new  york  and  liverpool  are  typically  installed  under  canopies  or  on  street  poles.  some  other  systems  melbourne,  dublin  and  barcelona  need  separate  installation  facilities,  which  are  an  extra  financial  burden.  the  data  collected  are
__label__situationalsurveillance transferred  to  the  server  and  uploaded  on  the  website  for  public  use  via  the  3g  communication  box.  although  the  usage  of  3g  communication  covers  a  more  extended  range  compared  to  wifi,  zigbee  or  other  communication  protocols,  they  consume  excessive  device  energy  .  moreover,  the  power  consumption  of  the  camerabased  system  is  higher  compared  to  the  sensorbased  prototype.  a  summary  of  the  existing  pedestrian  counting  system  is  shown  in  .  although  the  existing  systems  can  serve  the  purpose,  power  consumption,  cost  and  peoples  privacy  concerns  should  also  be  addressed.  therefore,  it  has  become  an  important  issue  to  come  up  with  a
__label__situationalsurveillance lowpower,  lowcost,  compact,  accurate  system.  having  additional  features  will  be  more  advantageous.  comparison  of  the  existing  pedestrian  counting  system  in  smart  cities  worldwide.  after  reviewing  the  technologies  used  for  pedestrian  counting,  it  is  decided  to  use  the  pir  sensors  in  this  research  as  it  is  a  costeffective,  lowpower  sensor  compared  to  other  existing  technologies.  the  drawbacks  of  the  pir  sensors  are  considered  while  designing  the  prototype.  therefore,  the  developed  prototype  will  be  able  to  overcome  the  downsides  of  the  sensors.  this  paper  presents  a  novel  compact  system  that  not  only  provides  the  pedestrian  count  but  also  gives  information  about  the
__label__situationalsurveillance pedestrians  direction  of  travel  and  environmental  data  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  pressure,  co  and  tvoc.  the  novel  contributions  of  this  paper  can  be  summarized  as  follows:  the  sensitivity  of  the  pir  sensors  has  been  tuned,  and  a  specific  section  from  the  fresnel  lens  is  chosen  for  receiving  the  ir  emission  from  1  m  above  the  ground.  therefore,  domestic  animals  such  as  dogs  or  cats  will  not  be  detected  while  crossing  the  footpath  as  the  maximum  shoulder  height  of  a  domestic  dog  is  less  than  100  cm  .  a  novel  method  of  the  pedestrian  count  and  direction  detection  system  has  been
__label__situationalsurveillance designed.  three  pir  sensors  cover  the  detection  region  across  the  width  of  footpath  in  such  a  way  that  the  detection  regions  of  the  sensors  do  not  overlap.  each  of  the  three  sensors  is  horizontally  paired  with  another  three  sensors  such  that  each  pair  can  validate  their  detection  as  well  as  find  the  direction  of  travel  of  the  pedestrian.  therefore,  the  system  can  provide  highly  accurate  results,  up  to  95  compared  to  manual  counting.  a  microcontrollerbased  lowpower  sensing  device  along  with  the  lowpower  communication  system  has  been  proposed  to  increase  the  battery  life.  the  system  can  be  installed  on  the  street
__label__situationalsurveillance pole  without  altering  the  other  infrastructure  of  the  city.  this  section  presents  the  necessary  explanation  for  developing  the  smart  counting  system.  it  also  explains  the  fov  of  fresnel  lens  of  the  pir  sensors,  the  novel  method  of  pedestrian  detection  and  finding  the  direction  of  travel,  proposed  algorithm,  installation  system,  study  locations,  data  transmission  and  collection  system.  a  pir  sensor  consists  of  two  sensing  elements  and  a  fresnel  lens.  the  fresnel  lens  focuses  the  emitted  ir  radiation  to  the  sensing  element.  the  sensing  element  absorbs  the  ir  radiation  and  converts  it  into  heat,  which  is  converted  into  a  minute  electric  current
__label__situationalsurveillance by  the  pyroelectric  crystalline  material  .  a  fresnel  lens  is  composed  of  a  series  of  concentric  grooves  having  a  standard  focal  length.  the  significant  advantage  of  the  fresnel  lens  is  that  the  propagation  direction  of  light  does  not  change  within  a  medium  but  only  deviates  at  the  surfaces  of  a  medium.  the  different  faceting  and  sublenses  of  the  fresnel  offer  a  range  of  detection  areas.  the  focal  point  of  the  fov  is  divided  into  af  sections  a,  which  are  10  degrees  apart  from  each  other.  the  different  sections  af  of  the  fresnel  lens  offer  a  detection  range  from  4  m10
__label__situationalsurveillance m  at  full  sensitivity,  as  shown  in  b.  the  detection  length  can  be  decreased  to  1.8  m  at  reduced  sensitivity.  the  usage  of  the  asection  at  full  sensitivity  implies  the  installation  of  the  sensor  node  at  11  m  height  of  the  pole.  this  is  not  possible  in  the  practical  scenario  as  the  maximum  height  of  the  lamp  posts  is  6.5  m  .  therefore,  it  is  necessary  to  operate  the  pir  sensors  at  a  reduced  sensitivity  mode  rather  than  full  sensitivity.  the  detection  length  of  each  section  of  the  fresnel  lens  is  measured  by  walking  towards  that  section  from  a  far
__label__situationalsurveillance distance  covering  other  sections  with  polyvinyl  chloride  pvc  tape.  b,c  shows  the  top  view  and  side  view  of  the  fov  of  the  fresnel  lens  of  the  pir  sensor  parallax  inc.,  rocklin,  ca,  usa,  55528027  pir  sensor  module  at  full  sensitivity  while  shows  the  experimentally  verified  detection  lengths  of  the  a  to  f  sections  at  full  and  reduced  sensitivity.  segmentation  of  fresnel  lens  ,  top  view  of  fov  of  fresnel  lens  ,  and  side  view  of  fov  of  fresnel  lens.  measured  coverage  ranges  of  different  regions  of  fresnel  lens  at  full  and  reduced  sensitivity  mode.  this  research  aims  to  cover  3
__label__situationalsurveillance m  wide  footpath  and  limit  the  detection  length  to  1  m  from  the  street  level  for  avoiding  the  domestic  animal.  three  pairs  of  pir  sensors  are  used  to  develop  the  node  for  counting  pedestrian  and  finding  the  direction  of  travel.  the  sensor  node  is  mounted  at  4  m  of  the  electric  pole,  as  shown  in  a.  the  bottom  pir  pair  is  placed  at  0  from  the  yplane  so  that  a  person  walking  adjacent  to  the  pole  can  also  be  detected.  each  section  of  the  fresnel  lens  has  10  fov.  therefore,  the  detection  region  of  the  bottom  pair  can  be  calculated
__label__situationalsurveillance as  follows:  height  of  the  system  and  counting  mechanism,  3d  view  of  the  detection  regions  of  the  pir  sensors  for  the  proposed  system.  to  find  the  appropriate  focus  angle  of  the  middle  pair  of  the  pir  sensors,  it  is  assumed  that  a  person  is  standing  at  the  edge  of  the  detection  region  of  the  bottom  pair  as  shown  in  a.  the  middle  pair  is  placed  in  such  a  way  that  the  person  detected  by  the  bottom  pair  does  not  fall  in  the  coverage  region  of  the  middle  pair.  from  the  graphical  representation  of  this  scenario,  it  is  determined  that  the
__label__situationalsurveillance middle  pair  detection  region  should  start  at  21  from  the  yplane.  therefore,  this  middle  pair  detection  region  ends  at  31  from  the  yplane.  the  minimum  and  maximum  coverage  regions  of  the  middle  pair  are  calculated  as  follows:  detection  regions  of  the  top  pair  are  calculated  in  a  similar  manner  and  values  are  shown  in  a.  coverage  regions  of  the  sensors  do  not  overlap  due  to  applying  this  method  while  locating  the  pir  sensors.  therefore,  the  error  can  be  minimized.  the  required  detection  length  of  the  bottom,  middle  and  top  pir  sensors  can  be  found  using  the  formula  of  a  rightangle
__label__situationalsurveillance triangle,  which  is,  the  values  of  sa,  sb  and  sd  are  calculated  as  3  m,  3.17  m  and  3.87  m,  respectively.  the  appropriate  selection  of  the  sections  of  the  fresnel  lens  is  necessary  to  minimize  the  error.  if  the  selected  section  detects  more  area  under  the  1  m  height  of  clearance,  then  tall  domestic  pets,  such  as  dogs  will  be  detected.  when  the  selected  section  detects  less  area  above  the  1  m  clearance,  then  pedestrians  having  a  shorter  height  such  as  1.11.2  will  not  be  detected.  as  it  is  not  possible  to  finetune  the  detection  length  of  the  commercial  pir
__label__situationalsurveillance sensor  to  achieve  a  full  area  of  coverage,  the  section  should  be  selected  that  provides  minimum  error  region.  therefore,  e,  d  and  c  sections  are  kept  active  for  the  bottom,  middle  and  top  pairs,  respectively.  bottom  and  middle  pir  sensor  pairs  are  operated  at  reducing  sensitivity,  whereas  the  top  pair  operates  at  full  sensitivity  to  minimize  the  error.  people  on  wheelchair  also  come  under  the  detection  region.  the  proposed  system  consists  of  six  pir  sensors,  one  environmental  combo  sensor  ,  qwiic  shield  ,  arduino  uno  microcontroller  ,  power  converter  ,  lora  shield  for  radio  communication,  solar  panel  and  rechargeable  battery
__label__situationalsurveillance to  provide  continuous  energy.  the  pir  sensors  are  connected  to  the  analog  inputs  of  arduino  uno.  the  environmental  combo  is  connected  to  the  arduino  uno  via  the  qwiic  shield  that  has  four  3.3  v  i  c  ports  and  i  c  sensors  are  connected  to  the  shield  via  the  qwiic  cable  .  the  solar  charger  shield  and  the  lora  shield  are  also  connected  with  the  main  microcontroller.  the  6000  mah  rechargeable  battery  and  6  v  solar  panel  are  connected  with  the  power  management  block.  a  summary  of  the  types  of  sensors  and  other  electronics  are  listed  in  and  the  circuit  block
__label__situationalsurveillance diagram  of  the  proposed  system  are  shown  in  .  circuit  diagram  of  the  proposed  system.  summary  of  the  electronics  used  in  the  proposed  system.  all  the  sensors  and  the  necessary  electronics  were  placed  inside  the  mould  that  is  designed  using  the  fusion  360  software,  as  shown  in  a.  a  curvature  plane  was  created  to  place  the  pir  sensors  at  the  proposed  angles.  the  pla  polylactic  acid  filament  was  used  to  print  the  design  in  the  dreamer  3d  printer  .  pir  sensors  are  placed  in  the  holder  in  such  a  way  that  the  e,  d  and  c  sections  function  for  the
__label__situationalsurveillance bottom,  middle  and  top  pairs  of  the  pir  sensors,  respectively.  due  to  the  usage  of  the  holders,  direct  sunlight  cannot  affect  the  performances  of  the  pir  sensors.  a  unique  environmental  combo  sensors  holder  was  designed  to  hold  the  sensor,  which  was  connected  with  the  glue  on  the  box.  one  side  of  the  holder  is  open  so  that  it  is  exposed  to  the  environment  and  able  to  read  the  environmental  parameters  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  pressure,  co  and  tvoc.  the  processing  units  and  all  the  connections  are  located  inside  the  mould.  designed  mould  for  accommodating  the  pir  sensors  and  other  electronic
__label__situationalsurveillance devices  and  internals  of  the  system,  mould  for  the  environmental  combo  sensor.  to  use  the  pir  sensors  as  the  human  counter,  an  intelligent  algorithm  has  been  developed  to  count  accurately  the  number  of  pedestrians  within  the  focus  area  of  the  pir  sensor.  a  flag  variable  and  counter  variable  are  used  in  this  algorithm.  initially,  the  flag  variable  is  stated  at  a  low  state.  usually,  the  output  is  low  for  the  pir  sensor.  the  pir  sensor  changes  from  low  to  high  state  as  soon  as  any  person  enters  its  focus  zone  and  stays  at  the  high  state  for  a  certain  duration
__label__situationalsurveillance before  it  goes  back  to  low  state.  the  time  duration  can  be  adjusted  and  is  set  in  such  a  way  so  that  the  person  takes  a  similar  amount  of  time  to  walk  the  duration  of  its  focus  angle.  due  to  the  change  of  state  of  the  pir  sensor  from  low  to  high,  the  value  of  the  counter  variable  is  increased  by  one  and  immediately  the  state  of  the  flag  variable  is  switched  to  high  state.  this  algorithm  prevents  the  counter  from  counting  more  than  once  for  the  duration  a  pedestrian  takes  to  cross  the  coverage  region  of  the  pir  sensor.
__label__situationalsurveillance as  soon  as  the  sensor  goes  low,  the  flag  variables  state  is  also  changed  to  low  and  waits  for  the  next  person  to  cross.  the  direction  of  the  pedestrian  is  determined  from  their  entry  time  of  the  incident  ir  beam.  the  width  of  the  footpath  is  divided  into  three  zones,  and  each  zone  is  covered  with  one  pair  of  the  pir  sensors.  when  a  pedestrian  is  crossing  a  zone,  he  will  trigger  both  the  sensors  in  the  pair.  by  recording  the  entry  times  of  each  sensor  beam  and  comparing  the  earliest  time  among  them,  the  direction  is  detected.  this  algorithm
__label__situationalsurveillance may  provide  incorrect  results  if  a  second  person  enters  the  focus  zone  of  a  pir  sensor  before  the  transition  from  high  to  low  due  to  the  first  person.  in  this  case,  the  duration  of  high  state  gets  extended  as  shown  in  and  multiple  passersby  can  be  counted  as  a  single  individual.  to  avoid  such  a  scenario,  an  error  correction  algorithm  is  developed.  change  in  duration  of  high  state  of  the  passive  infrared  pir  sensor  due  to  single  and  multiple  passerby.  the  error  correction  algorithm  is  based  on  a  comparison  of  the  average  time  of  crossing  atc  a  pir  sensor  coverage
__label__situationalsurveillance area  by  a  human,  with  the  time  duration  at  high  state  tdhs  of  the  corresponding  sensor.  the  average  time  required  to  cross  the  coverage  region  d  of  the  pir  sensor  by  a  human  walking  with  a  speed  v  is  found  as:  this  algorithm  mathematically  calculates  the  number  of  the  people,  i.e.,  the  increment  of  the  counter  variable  as:  the  error  correction  is  activated  for  any  pir  sensors  that  stay  high  for  more  than  1.5  times  of  the  atc  considering  50  tolerance.  before  adding  the  corrected  increment  to  the  counter  variable,  it  also  compares  the  tdhs  of  the  other  sensor  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  pair.  each  of  the  paired  sensors  is  placed  in  the  mould  at  an  angle  that  produces  a  20  cm  gap  between  their  coverage  regions.  therefore,  the  probable  time  period  of  crossing  ptpc  between  the  paired  sensors  is  calculated  as:  if  the  values  of  tdhs  for  both  the  sensors  in  a  pair  are  75  near  each  other  or  the  value  of  the  counter  variable  is  more  than  one  for  any  pir  sensor  in  a  pair  within  the  ptpc,  the  increment  is  added.  otherwise,  it  does  not  add  any  increment  correction.  after  counting  the  number  of  pedestrians  by  each  pair  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  pir  sensor,  the  total  number  of  pedestrians  is  calculated  as  follows:  to  find  a  more  accurate  value  of  the  pedestrian  count,  the  n  has  been  normalized  using  calibrated  characteristics  between  the  actual  counted  value  and  system  counted  value  as  explained  in  .  due  to  considering  all  the  possible  scenarios  of  the  pedestrians  walking  pattern  and  feeding  the  system  with  actual  count  trends  to  ensure  that  the  system  provides  more  accurate  results,  the  developed  algorithm  is  defined  as  an  intelligent  algorithm.  once  the  pedestrian  counting  and  direction  of  travels  are  obtained  for  10  min  and  environmental  combo  data  are  read.
__label__situationalsurveillance after  reading  all  the  sensor  data,  data  is  sent  to  the  thingspeak  server  through  the  ttn  the  things  network  gateway.  the  complete  flow  diagram  of  the  developed  system  is  shown  in  .  flow  chart  of  the  pedestrian  count,  direction  of  travel  and  environmental  monitoring  system  for  a  smart  city.  there  is  a  total  of  74  sensors  that  have  been  installed  near  macquarie  university.  shows  the  locations  of  all  the  sensor  nodes.  the  sensor  nodes  have  been  working  successfully  for  the  last  six  months  and  providing  the  number  of  pedestrians,  direction  of  travel  and  ambient  parameters.  pole  brackets  were  used  to
__label__situationalsurveillance mount  the  proposed  systems  and  solar  panel  on  the  electric  pole.  shows  the  mounting  system  with  the  solar  panel  on  the  pole.  study  locations  of  the  proposed  sensor  node.  proposed  system  installed  on  the  electric  pole.  the  proposed  pedestrian  counting  system  is  based  on  the  lora  communication.  it  offers  connectivity  of  a  few  kilometers  in  urban  areas  and  up  to  ten  kilometers  in  rural  areas.  it  is  widely  used  where  low  data  rate,  low  power  and  low  throughput  are  required.  utilization  of  licensefree  industrial,  scientific  and  medical  ism  radio  bands  enables  lorawan  to  attract  customers  such  as  the  smart  city
__label__situationalsurveillance .  this  communication  system  consists  of  two  different  layers.  the  physical  layer  is  based  on  the  chirp  spread  spectrum  css  modulation  technique  and  the  maclayer  protocol  is  accountable  for  getting  access  to  the  network  architecture  .  the  frequency  shift  keying  fsk  is  used  in  the  lora  communication  to  communicate  between  the  gateway  and  sensor  node  .  shows  the  block  diagram  of  the  proposed  system.  after  the  installation  of  the  sensor  nodes,  the  data  were  collected  and  stored  in  the  thingspeak  channel.  block  diagram  of  the  lora  based  pedestrian  counting  system.  this  section  describes  the  performance  of  the  proposed  system  by
__label__situationalsurveillance comparing  the  system  count  with  the  manual  count.  it  also  explains  how  the  accuracy  of  the  system  is  improved.  this  section  shows  how  collected  data  are  displayed  on  the  thingspeak  channel.  the  developed  system  was  installed  on  the  pole  at  macquarie  university.  the  data  was  collected  from  the  proposed  system.  the  number  of  pedestrians,  pedestrians  coming  from  the  left  side  and  right  side  were  also  counted  manually.  the  data  was  counted  manually  from  8:00  a.m.  to  10:00  p.m.  the  flow  of  pedestrians  changed  due  to  the  peak  and  offpeak  time.  the  counting  was  done  for  three  days  weekdays  continuously,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance the  average  data  were  taken  for  data  analysis.  shows  the  data  of  the  manual  count  from  8:00  a.m.10:00  p.m.  with  a  1h  time  interval.  a  marker  is  used  at  1  m  height  of  the  pole  to  count  the  animals  in  two  different  height  groups  such  as  below  1  m  or  above  1  m.  the  system  is  not  capable  of  distinguishing  among  humans  and  pets  taller  that  one  meter.  while  doing  the  manual  counting,  no  pet  is  found  having  a  height  more  than  1  m.  it  can  be  said  from  this  scenario  that  urban  people  prefer  keeping  smaller  pets  than  taller
__label__situationalsurveillance pets.  this  nullifies  the  probability  of  error  counting  animals  as  humans  by  the  system.  the  maximum  error  that  occurs  in  this  system  counting  is  less  than  10.  actual  and  system  pedestrian  count  in  the  timeline.  in  order  to  improve  the  accuracy,  the  manual  count  and  system  count  data  are  plotted  against  each  other,  and  the  equation  for  determining  the  actual  count  is  obtained.  ac  shows  the  relationship  between  the  system  count  and  the  actual  count  for  right,  left  and  total  pedestrians  that  follow  the  linear  equations  with  a  coefficient  of  determination  r  0.992,  0.9909  and  0.997  from  the  actual  data.
__label__situationalsurveillance this  linear  equation  was  used  to  calculate  the  actual  count  from  the  systems  count,  which  can  be  represented  as  follows:  comparison  between  the  actual  count  and  system  count.  pedestrian  coming  from  the  right,  pedestrian  coming  from  the  left  and  total  number  of  pedestrians.  pedestrians  coming  from  the  right  side,  pedestrians  coming  from  the  left  side,  total  number  of  pedestrians,  where  x  represents  the  actual  pedestrian  count  and  y  represents  the  systems  count.  these  equations  were  used  as  fitted  lines  for  the  final  system.  after  doing  the  corrections,  the  system  was  installed  again  on  the  pole  and  data  was  collected  manually.
__label__situationalsurveillance both  data  were  compared.  shows  the  comparison  between  the  corrected  results  versus  the  actual  results.  as  no  animal  is  found  having  height  more  than  1  m,  the  number  of  animals  crossing  the  coverage  region  of  the  sensor  node  is  not  included  in  .  it  is  seen  from  the  table  that  the  developed  systems  accuracy  is  improved  to  95  after  the  correction.  validation  of  the  result  between  the  developed  system  and  manual  counting.  the  developed  system  provides  highly  accurate  data  without  affecting  human  privacy  compared  to  a  camerabased  system.  an  environmental  combo  sensor  is  also  included  in  the  system  that  provides
__label__situationalsurveillance temperature,  humidity,  pressure,  co  and  tvoc.  data  collected  from  the  sensor  are  compared  with  the  environmental  data  from  the  sydney  weather  station  .  the  sensors  were  calibrated  by  calculating  the  offset  factors  and  applying  to  the  bme280/ccs811  data.  there  are  74  nodes  that  are  developed  and  installed  close  to  macquarie  university  around  herring  road  334643.4  s  1510659.8  e,  waterloo  road  334644.8  s  1510713.3  e,  and  talavera  road  334635.1  s  1510722.7  e.  a  thingspeak  cloud  server  is  used  to  store  the  data  which  is  a  free  iot  cloud  server  for  data  storage.  sensor  data  were  transmitted  to  the  server  every  10
__label__situationalsurveillance min  for  increasing  the  battery  time.  the  sampling  time  is  controlled  through  arduino  programming.  shows  the  realtime  data  of  the  developed  system  for  few  data.  a  thingspeak  channel  can  support  a  maximum  of  eight  fields  and  various  fields  were  reserved  for  the  pedestrian  coming  from  the  right,  left  and  total,  temperature,  humidity,  pressure,  co  and  tvoc.  all  the  data  were  collected  through  the  ttn  gateway.  transferred  pedestrians  coming  from  the  right,  pedestrians  coming  from  the  left,  total  number  of  pedestrians,  temperature  c,  humidity  ,  pressure  hpa,  carbon  di  oxide  ppm  and  total  volatile  organic  component  ppb  data  from  the  system
__label__situationalsurveillance to  the  thingspeak  cloud  server.  from  the  variation  of  the  pedestrian  numbers  and  direction  of  travel  can  be  seen,  and  the  pattern  of  the  pedestrian  flow  is  understood.  a  maximum  number  of  pedestrians  are  walking  during  a  particular  time  such  as  08:0010:00,  12:0014:00,  and  14:0018:00  due  to  the  starting  of  office  time,  lunchtime  and  ending  of  office  time.  identical  data  can  be  seen  for  all  three  days.  during  the  night,  a  minimal  number  of  people  can  be  seen.  one  of  the  significant  outstanding  challenges  of  the  wireless  sensor  network  wsn  system  is  the  selection  of  the  appropriate  sensor  and  communication
__label__situationalsurveillance technology  since  battery  scaling  is  the  main  limit  to  sensor  nodes  miniaturization.  the  replacement  of  the  battery  is  not  possible  or  feasible  in  many  cases.  therefore,  efficient  energy  management  is  essential.  the  simplest  way  to  reduce  power  consumption  is  to  use  lowpower  devices  and  passive  sensors  such  as  the  pir  sensors.  a  lowpower  microcontroller  such  as  arduino  uno  has  only  32  kbytes  of  flash  memory  and  2  kbytes  of  sram.  power  consumption  in  wireless  sensor  nodes  has  peaked  when  the  radio  is  active.  therefore,  wireless  communication  should  be  limited.  power  consumption  by  the  sensor  node  can  also  be  limited  by
__label__situationalsurveillance increasing  the  idle  time  and  reducing  the  active  time.  shows  the  current  drawn  by  the  sensors  node  in  10  min,  i.e.,  1  cycle.  the  current  drawn  by  each  and  every  component  is  calculated  by  measuring  the  amplitude  of  the  voltage  waveform  from  the  oscilloscope  across  a  0.5  resistance  connected  in  a  series  with  the  microcontroller.  total  power  consumption  by  the  sensor  node  including  transmission  is  given  by,  where,  v  nominal  voltage  of  the  sensor  node  3.3  v  i  current  drawn  by  the  sensor  node  in  1  h  40.01  ma  i  current  drawn  during  transmission  120  ma  t  time  duration  of
__label__situationalsurveillance data  transmission  60  mc  f  frequency  of  data  transmission  measured  current  drawn  by  the  electronic  devices  of  the  sensor  node  in  one  cycle.  the  current  drawn  by  the  sensor  node,  i  is  calculated  based  on  the  idle  time  and  active  time  of  the  electronic  devices  in  10  min,  i.e.,  1  cycle.  therefore,  the  total  current  consumption  by  the  sensor  node,  power  consumption,  p  is  found  as  assuming  the  efficiency  of  the  power  converter  is  90,  the  minimum  amount  of  the  required  mva  from  the  battery,  .  given  the  battery  voltage  v  3.7  v,  the  discharge  current  required  from  the  battery
__label__situationalsurveillance is,  therefore,  the  lifespan  of  the  3.7  v  6000  mah  battery  can  be  calculated  as  follows:  it  is  assumed  that  the  battery  will  be  able  to  discharge  100,  though  it  is  not  able  to  do  so  in  the  practical  scenario.  from  the  above  numerical  calculations,  it  is  found  that  the  transmission  of  data  every  10  min  enables  the  battery  sustainability  to  151  h.  the  battery  is  charged  by  the  6  v  6  w  solar  panel  during  daylight.  there  will  be  continuous  power  to  the  system  unless  the  sun  does  not  come  out  at  all  for  a  consecutive  six  days.  an
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  enabled  pedestrian  count,  direction  of  travel  and  ambient  parameters  determination  system  is  successfully  presented  in  this  paper.  the  pir  sensors  detect  the  movement  and  convert  the  data  into  the  pedestrian  count  and  direction  of  movement.  the  developed  system  is  tested  at  various  times  of  the  day  to  evaluate  the  performance.  this  novel  method  counts  pedestrians  with  95  accuracy  and  avoids  counting  any  movement  of  domestic  animals  such  as  dogs  or  cats.  the  method  does  not  require  any  images  or  videos  thus  protecting  human  privacy.  the  environmental  combo  provides  all  the  necessary  information  of  the  weather  such  as  temperature,  humidity,
__label__situationalsurveillance pressure,  co  and  voc.  the  installation  of  the  sensor  nodes  on  the  electric  pole  reduces  the  financial  burden.  the  implementation  cost  of  the  system  is  about  250  us  dollars,  which  includes  the  purchase  of  electronic  consumables  in  small  numbers.  the  total  cost  of  fabrication  will  significantly  reduce  if  the  productions  are  made  in  large  numbers.  the  current  price  though  is  less  compared  to  other  existing  systems  thus  making  this  a  potential  candidate  to  implement  in  a  smart  city.  the  openaccess  database  of  the  system  promotes  identifying  hotspots  and  taking  necessary  action  for  pedestrian  safety  and  facilities  improvement.  moreover,  it  will
__label__situationalsurveillance help  the  city  council  to  improve  the  planning  and  provision  of  transportation  services.  furthermore,  this  will  enable  local  businesses  to  monitor  the  pedestrian  traffic  flow  and  manage  business  resources  to  improve  efficiency  and  increase  revenue.  environmental  monitoring  data  will  help  in  understanding  air  quality  and  taking  essential  measures  for  making  the  city  greener.  therefore,  the  existence  of  such  sensor  nodes  in  a  city  provides  an  opportunity  for  decisionmakers  to  test  assumptions  and  scenarios,  reducing  the  chance  of  costly  mistakes  with  the  infrastructure.  that  is  why  it  is  adopted  by  the  macquarie  park  district,  sydney,  australia,  which  is  experiencing  considerable  growth
__label__situationalsurveillance of  office  developments  over  the  past  two  decades  and  is  expected  to  continuingly  expand  as  sydneys  knowledge  hub  in  near  future.  without  such  a  mutual  policy  and  implementation  framework,  urban  planning  projects  may  place  tremendous  pressure  on  the  precinct,  transportation  and  inhabitants  whilst  also  leading  to  costly  and  ineffective  solutions.  it  is  anticipated  that  the  major  cities  in  australia  and  other  countries  will  adopt  this  technology  very  soon.  in  addition  to  pedestrian  counting,  this  system  can  also  be  implemented  in  a  smart  building  to  know  the  number  of  people  inside  and  outside  the  building  during  emergency  evacuation.  although  there  are
__label__situationalsurveillance so  many  advantages  of  the  proposed  system,  there  are  some  limitations  as  well.  this  system  is  not  able  to  differentiate  between  humans  and  animals  having  height  more  than  1  m.  due  to  keeping  1  m  clearance  from  the  street  level,  babies  sleeping  on  the  pram  are  not  counted.  future  work  would  be  the  inclusion  of  more  sensors  such  as  noise  sensor,  wind  speed  determination,  rain  sensors,  visibility  sensor,  etc.  moreover,  the  long  term  collected  data  would  be  analyzed  to  predict  the  trends.  the  environmental  effect  on  the  pedestrian  movement  would  also  be  analyzed  for  different  applications.  the  authors  would  like
__label__situationalsurveillance to  thank  the  school  of  engineering,  macquarie  university  for  providing  the  laboratory  facilities  and  supporting  the  field  trials  while  conducting  the  research.  conceptualization  and  methodology,  f.a.;  software,  f.a.,  h.r.s.;  validation  and  investigation,  f.a.,  s.k.,  h.r.s.;  writingoriginal  draft  preparation,  f.a.;  writingreview  and  editing,  f.a.,  s.m.,  m.e.e.a.;  supervision,  s.m.,  m.e.e.a.  this  research  received  no  external  funding.  there  is  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  the  internet  of  things  iot  refers  to  the  interconnection  of  smart  devices  to  collect  data  and  make  intelligent  decisions.  however,  a  lack  of  intrinsic  security  measures  makes  iot  vulnerable  to  privacy  and  security  threats.  with  its  security  by  design,  blockchain  bc  can  help  in  addressing  major  security  requirements  in  iot.  bc  capabilities  like  immutability,  transparency,  auditability,  data  encryption  and  operational  resilience  can  help  solve  most  architectural  shortcomings  of  iot.  this  article  presents  a  comprehensive  survey  on  bc  and  iot  integration.  the  objective  of  this  paper  is  to  analyze  the  current  research  trends
__label__situationalsurveillance on  the  usage  of  bcrelated  approaches  and  technologies  in  an  iot  context.  this  paper  presents  the  following  novelties,  with  respect  to  related  work:  i  it  covers  different  application  domains,  organizing  the  available  literature  according  to  this  categorization,  ii  it  introduces  two  usage  patterns,  i.e.,  device  manipulation  and  data  management  open  marketplace  solution,  and  iii  it  reports  on  the  development  level  of  some  of  the  presented  solutions.  we  also  analyze  the  main  challenges  faced  by  the  research  community  in  the  smooth  integration  of  bc  and  iot,  and  point  out  the  main  open  issues  and  future  research  directions.  last  but  not  least,
__label__situationalsurveillance we  also  present  a  survey  about  novel  uses  of  bc  in  the  machine  economy.  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  ubiquitous  internet  work  of  intelligent  physical  objects,  called  things,  and  people.  iot  empowers  anything  to  connect  and  communicate,  thereby,  converting  the  physical  world  into  an  enormous  information  system.  various  technologies,  like  cloud  computing  and  machine  learning  to  data  analysis  and  information  modeling,  are  quickly  becoming  an  integral  part  of  iot  fabric.  the  tremendous  advancement  in  the  field  of  iot  is  causing  growth  in  information  and  communication  technology  ict  business  as  well.  iot  is  enabling  the  development  of  new  business  methods,
__label__situationalsurveillance and  one  of  its  most  essential  aspects  resides  in  the  data  enhancement  that  will  affect  the  growth  in  the  ict  market.  the  extent  to  which  iot  will  be  part  of  our  daytoday  life  can  be  understood  from  the  fact  that  95  of  newly  introduced  products  by  2020  will  have  iot  technology  at  its  core  .  with  an  everincreasing  presence  of  iot  objects  and  their  visibility  from  the  internet,  security,  i.e.,  the  legitimate  users  access  to  resources,  is  of  prime  concern.  on  the  one  hand,  the  ubiquitous  nature  of  iot  encourages  the  creation  of  innovative  applications  for  the  end  user,  but,
__label__situationalsurveillance on  the  other  hand,  lack  of  security  measure  may  lead  to  critical  issues  like  persons  subjected  to  physical  damage  such  as  burglary  due  to  the  hacking  of  the  smart  alarm  system.  security  has  another  aspect,  namely  the  privacy  concern  ,  associated  with  it.  centralized  companies  managing  sensitive  user  data  can  use  them  illegitimately,  thus  leading  to  a  breach  of  privacy  .  aggravating  the  situation  is  the  fact  that  some  years  ago  to  think  about  a  scenario  with  billions  of  connected  devices  was  quite  unlikely  and,  for  this  reason,  the  security  aspects  have  not  always  been  considered  at  the  design  phase
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  products.  in  fact,  as  per  studies  conducted  worldwide  by  gartner,  iot  security  spending  will  reach  1.5  billion  in  2018,  and,  by  2022,  half  of  all  security  budgets  for  iot  will  go  to  fault  remediation,  recalls  and  safety  failures  rather  than  protection  .  therefore,  the  progressive  expansion  of  the  business  related  to  this  type  of  always  connected  environments  implies  new  technological  challenges  and  implications  about  security,  privacy,  and  interoperability.  a  distributed  trust  technology,  ensuring  scalability,  privacy,  and  reliability,  is  a  cornerstone  for  the  growth  of  such  iot  environments.  in  recent  years,  the  blockchain  bc  technology  has  matured  significantly  and
__label__situationalsurveillance is  seen  as  a  promising  solution  in  achieving  the  goals  mentioned  above  thanks  to  its  intrinsic  security.  in  fact,  bc  is  a  secure  by  design  system  that  can  mitigate  security  risks  owing  to  its  capabilities  such  as  immutability,  transparency,  auditability,  data  encryption  and  operational  resilience.  in  recent  years,  researchers  have  been  trying  to  address  the  problem  of  integrating  bc  with  iot  ,  .  reyna  et  al.  analyzed  the  challenges  emerging  from  the  integration  of  iot  and  bc.  they  presented  possible  ways  of  integration  and  platforms  that  are  integrating  iot  and  bc  in  a  general  context.  in  contrast  to  the  above
__label__situationalsurveillance work,  we  present  an  extensive  survey  categorized  by  application  areas  like  the  smart  city.  we  try  to  give  another  perspective  to  the  survey,  focusing  on  specific  usecase  and  goals,  specifying  the  technologies  or  models  used  instead  of  considering  the  operating  environment  of  the  solution.  we  also  present  a  unique  aspect  of  bc  in  the  machine  economy,  enabling  data  marketplaces.  kouicem  et  al.  presented  a  general  survey  of  security  challenges  in  iot  with  bc  being  one  of  the  solutions.  similarly,  jesus  et  al.  surveyed  the  application  of  bc  to  secure  iot  and  presented  stalker  attack.  opposed  to  the  above  surveys,  we
__label__situationalsurveillance present  a  focused  survey,  highlighting  the  suitability  of  iot  and  bc  integration.  in  addition  to  bc  addressing  the  security  challenges,  we  also  present  the  innovative  solutions  emerging  from  the  integration.  atzori  et  al.  critically  reviewed  bcbased  platforms  for  iot  and  highlighted  the  limitations  of  applying  bc  in  the  iot  environment.  compared  to  it,  we  present  recent  developments  in  the  field  of  iot  and  bc  integration.  we  also  present  an  extensive  survey  of  solutions  emerged  in  recent  years.  christidis  et  al.  provided  a  taxonomy  about  the  bc  typologies  evaluating  pros  and  cons  of  introducing  bc  into  iot.  several  ideas  have  been
__label__situationalsurveillance proposed  such  as  the  use  of  bc  and  interplanetary  file  system  ipfs  to  update  the  firmware  of  the  iot  devices  by  activation  of  smart  contracts  or  the  setup  of  an  environment  where  devices  can  gain  money  by  selling  or  buying  resources  transactive  grids  or  data  filecoins  .  in  contrast  to  the  above  work,  we  present  a  taxonomy  based  on  application  to  iot  environment  and  present  an  exhaustive  survey  in  each  of  those  categories.  we  also  try  to  motivate  the  user  by  presenting  the  innovative  application  of  bc  in  the  iot  domain.  conoscenti  et  al.  analyzed  literature  extensively  about  the  possible
__label__situationalsurveillance applications  of  bc,  presenting  its  different  forms  to  solve  some  of  the  security  challenges.  in  contrast  to  the  limited  scope  of  this  work  where  only  four  papers  dealing  with  iot  and  bc  integration  were  discussed,  we  present  a  more  exhaustive  survey  of  bciot  integration.  summarizes  the  most  relevant  ones  and  categorizes  them  by  contributions,  also  highlighting  where  this  paper  places  itself.  main  survey  papers  categorized  by  contribution.  in  contrast  to  work  presented  in  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  this  paper  focuses  on  the  presentation  and  categorization  of  several  solutions  for  the  application  of  bc  in  an  iot  environment.  this
__label__situationalsurveillance article  presents  the  following  novelties  concerning  the  related  works:  it  offers  different  application  areas,  organizing  the  available  literature  in  these  fields.  it  presents  two  usage  patterns  that  are:  device  manipulation  and  data  management  open  marketplace  solution.  it  discusses  the  development  level  of  some  of  the  offered  solutions.  the  rest  of  the  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  in  ,  we  present  the  motivation  behind  bc  and  iot  integration.  presents  the  principle  characteristics  of  bc.  the  following  is  the  core  of  the  paper.  here,  a  literature  review  of  the  integration  between  iot  and  bc  is  provided.  discusses  given  solutions  available  in  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance environments.  in  ,  we  analyze  the  challenges  in  the  integration  of  bc  and  iot,  and  challenges  resulting  from  the  integration.  provides  a  comparison  among  the  bcbased  marketplaces  available  in  the  literature,  and,  finally,  concludes  our  work  and  outlines  future  research  perspectives.  today,  iot  accounts  for  5  billion  connected  devices,  and  this  number  will  continue  to  grow  and  reach  29  billion  by  2022  .  every  device  produces  and  exchanges  data  on  the  internet.  thus,  considering  these  massive  number  of  devices,  it  is  easy  to  understand  that  we  are  talking  about  an  extensive  and  continuous  production  of  data.  addressing  the  fundamental  security
__label__situationalsurveillance issues  for  such  a  vast  information  system  is  a  challenge  in  itself.  in  this  section,  we  discuss  the  challenges  faced  by  iot  deployments.  an  essential  challenge  for  iot  is  its  distributed  architecture.  typically,  in  an  iot  network,  each  node  is  a  possible  point  of  failure  that  can  be  exploited  to  launch  cyber  attacks  such  as  distributed  denialofservice  ddos  .  a  system  of  nodes  with  several  infected  devices,  acting  simultaneously,  can  collapse  quickly.  another  concern  regards  its  centralized  configuration  typically  iot  environment  leverages  on  a  central  cloud  service  provider  .  such  a  central  point  of  failure  is  a  vulnerability,  which  must
__label__situationalsurveillance be  addressed.  another  constant  and  probably  one  of  the  most  critical  threat  is  data  confidentiality  and  authentication  .  in  the  absence  of  data  security,  iot  data  can  be  exploited  and  inappropriately  used.  in  addition,  with  the  emergence  of  new  business  models  where  devices  can  exchange  resources  like  data,  computational  power  or  electricity  autonomously,  data  security  becomes  critical.  another  challenge  for  iot  is  data  integrity  .  one  of  the  significant  applications  of  iot  is  in  decision  support  systems.  the  data  aggregated  from  the  fleet  of  sensors  can  be  utilized  in  making  timely  decisions.  thus,  it  is  essential  to  protect  the  system
__label__situationalsurveillance from  injection  attacks,  which  try  to  inject  false  measures  and  therefore,  affect  decisionmaking.  availability  is  critical  for  automated  systems  like  vehicular  networks,  manufacturing  industries,  and  smart  grids  which  are  processing  realtime  information  .  sensor  downtime  can  result  in  losses  varying  from  monetary  to  lifethreatening  situations.  with  the  emergence  of  machine  economy,  whereby  the  sensors  generating  data  are  capable  of  trading  data  in  data  marketplaces  and  endtoend  autonomous  system,  creating  trust  between  participating  entities  is  a  significant  challenge  .  the  presence  of  a  publicly  verifiable  audit  trail  without  a  trusted  3rd  party  is  desirable,  thus  solving  the  problem  of  nonrepudiation.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance primary  goal  of  the  bc  is  to  free  people  from  any  form  of  trust  we  are  now  forced  to  give  to  intermediaries  who  regulate  and  manage  a  large  part  of  citizens  life.  the  bc  is  a  technology  that  initially  was  used  to  promote  commercial  transactions  trades  through  a  new  currency  that  is  independent  of  banks  and  states,  called  bitcoin  .  this  currency  is  digital,  and  it  is  used  as  a  means  of  exchange  accepted  by  the  users  involved  in  a  transaction.  the  strength  of  this  currency  or  more  specifically  cryptocurrency  is  that  there  is  no  need  for  a  public  authority.
__label__situationalsurveillance however,  what  is  much  more  interesting  is  to  figure  out  how  to  realize  and  implement  this  new  cryptocurrency.  to  achieve  such  a  goal,  several  technologies,  and  security  and  cryptographic  functions  have  been  exploited.  the  synergy  among  these  all  technologies  constitutes  the  bc.  however,  this  technology  is  starting  to  be  exploited  in  several  different  contexts  and  not  just  for  bitcoin.  this  is  the  most  interesting  point  of  this  revolutionary  new  technology.  people  often  confuse  bc  with  bitcoin,  but  bitcoin  indicates  a  cryptocurrency  that  leverages  the  bc  technology  to  be  able  to  freely  and  globally  circulate  without  the  supervision  of  a  central
__label__situationalsurveillance guarantor  the  banks.  in  other  words,  bitcoin  is  only  a  financial  use  case  that  makes  use  of  this  powerful  technology.  before  we  dive  into  the  bc  technology  and  figure  out  what  bc  attempts  to  solve,  it  is  important  to  make  an  important  precondition.  the  bc  is  merely  a  distributed  database  system  based  on  consensus  rules  that  allow  the  transfer  of  value  between  entities.  there  are  many  distributed  systems  based  on  consensus  algorithms,  but  the  bc  is  the  only  one  that  simultaneously  enjoys  the  following  three  properties  i  trustless  :  there  is  no  need  to  own  a  certified  digital  identity.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance involved  entities  do  not  know  each  other,  but  they  can  anyhow  exchange  data  without  having  to  know  their  respective  identities,  ii  permissionless  :  nobody  decides  who  can  or  can  not  operate  on  the  bc  network.  there  are  neither  permissions  nor  controllers  and  iii  censorship  resistant  :  bc  being  a  network  without  controllers,  where  entities  trust  only  the  quality  of  the  cryptographic  algorithms  that  govern  the  operation,  anyone  can  transact  on  the  bc.  a  transaction,  once  sent  and  accepted,  can  not  be  stopped  or  censored.  in  addition,  bc  can  be  categorized  into  two  types  based  on  its  functioning:  permissionless  and  permissioned.
__label__situationalsurveillance a  permissioned  bc  limits  the  actors  who  can  participate  in  the  consensus  of  the  system  state.  in  a  permissioned  bc,  only  a  limited  selection  of  users  have  the  rights  to  validate  the  transactions.  it  may  also  restrict  access  to  approved  actors  who  can  create  smart  contracts.  on  the  other  hand,  permissionless  bc  allows  anyone  to  join  the  network,  participate  in  the  process  of  block  verification  to  reach  a  consensus  and  also  create  smart  contracts.  after  this  critical  distinction,  it  is  essential  to  understand  what  bc  attempts  to  solve.  lets  consider  the  traditional  way  to  make  economic  transactions  among  individuals.  lets
__label__situationalsurveillance assume  that  bob  wants  to  send  money  to  robert.  to  do  this,  a  centralized  trusted  third  party  ttp  has  to  perform  the  following  three  steps:  i  identify  roberts  state  e.g.,  japan,  ii  identify  roberts  bank  account,  and  iii  move  money  from  bob  to  robert.  exploiting  the  bc,  it  is  possible  to  obtain  the  same  result  but  with  some  improvement  by  i  removing  the  ttp,  ii  making  the  transaction  faster  than  three  days:  immediate  ,  and  iii  making  the  transaction  cheaper:  bitcoin  transaction  fees  are  voluntary.  bc  technology  is  based  on  four  central  concepts:  i  a  peertopeer  network  :  this  solution
__label__situationalsurveillance removes  the  central  ttp  implying  all  nodes  within  the  network  have  the  same  privileges.  in  this  network,  nodes  can  interact  with  each  other  utilizing  a  pair  of  private/public  keys.  the  private  key  is  used  to  sign  transactions,  and  the  public  key  is  used  as  an  address  to  be  reachable  on  the  network.  ii  open  and  distributed  ledger  :  lets  imagine  a  ledger  as  an  accounting  book  collecting  all  the  transactions  of  the  network  in  chronological  order.  this  data  structure  is  not  a  centralized  entity,  but  each  node  has  got  its  own  copy  of  it.  the  ledger  is  open  and  public
__label__situationalsurveillance to  everyone.  everyone  on  the  network  can  see  where  the  asset  is  and  how  much  asset  each  one  has  in  his/her  account  as  well.  moreover,  each  node  in  the  network  can  decide  whether  a  transaction  is  valid  or  not  valid.  iii  ledger  copies  synchronization  :  in  this  kind  of  scenario,  where  nodes  have  their  own  copy  of  the  same  ledger,  a  way  to  synchronize  ledgers  across  nodes  is  needed.  to  accomplish  such  a  goal,  three  main  steps  are  required  a  to  publicly  broadcast  the  new  transactions  to  the  network,  b  to  validate  the  new  transactions,  and  c  to  add  the
__label__situationalsurveillance validated  transactions  to  the  ledgers.  iv  mining  :  in  a  distributed  system,  there  are  network  delays  and  not  all  of  the  nodes  receive  the  transactions  block  of  transactions,  to  be  precise  at  the  same  time.  thus,  there  is  a  need  to  prevent  every  node  from  adding  a  transaction  to  the  chain  because  the  chain  must  only  have  a  valid  and  ordered  branch.  miners  are  unique  nodes  that  can  add  transactions  to  the  chain.  miners  are  going  to  compete  among  themselves  to  understand  who  will  be  the  first  to  take  the  new  transaction,  validate  it  and  put  it  into  ledger  chain.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  first  miner  that  will  do  that  will  get  a  financial  reward.  to  be  the  first,  a  miner  needs  to  validate  the  transaction  and  to  solve  a  mathematical  guessing  game.  in  this  way,  only  one  miner  at  a  time  will  be  able  to  add  transactions  to  the  bc.  moreover,  to  avoid  attacks  to  the  system  like  the  well  known  double  spending  attack  ,  a  solution  to  make  the  game  hard  for  dishonest  miners  is  needed.  this  solution  is  essentially  to  make  it  expensive  invest  a  lot  of  computer  processing  power  for  adversaries  to  add  transactions.  this  mathematical  game  is  called
__label__situationalsurveillance proof  of  work  pow  and  it  is  an  operation  of  inverse  hashing  to  determine  a  number  nonce  such  that  the  sha256  hash  of  the  pair  set  of  data,  representative  of  the  block  set  of  transactions,  and  the  chosen  nonce,  is  less  than  a  given  threshold  see  figure  3.  shows  the  steps  needed  to  add  a  new  block  to  the  bc.  transaction  block  validation  and  addition  flow.  after  realizing  that  a  ledger  is  a  chronologically  ordered  data  structure  of  transactions,  it  is  essential  to  know  that  it  collects  items  called  blocks.  each  block  is  a  set  of  transactions.  more  specifically,  each
__label__situationalsurveillance block  of  the  chain  contains  two  elements  see  i  header  :  it  consists  of  a  timestamp,  difficulty  target  of  the  pow,  the  hash  value  of  the  previous  block  header,  which  is  a  cryptographic  link  that  creates  the  chain  and  makes  it  tamperproof,  merkle  tree  root,  which  encodes  the  transactions  in  the  block  in  a  single  hash  code  with  leaves  signifying  data  blocks  in  this  case,  transactions,  and  nonce,  which  is  required  for  solving  the  pow,  at  the  same  time  preventing  a  replay  attack.  ii  block  content  :  it  contains  all  the  inputs  and  outputs  of  each  transaction.  the  inputs  contain
__label__situationalsurveillance the  output  of  the  previous  transactions  and  a  field  containing  the  signature  with  the  private  key  of  the  owner.  this  is  the  ownership  proof  of  such  an  asset.  the  outputs  contain  the  asset  to  be  sent  and  the  address  of  the  recipient  the  recipients  public  key.  the  recipient  will  be  the  sole  user,  able  to  spend  that  asset  because  only  his  private  key  can  prove  the  asset  ownership.  block  structure.  thus,  in  simple  words,  every  time  a  group  of  transactions  is  approved,  which  is  connected  to  the  previous  block  through  a  hash,  a  unique  and  immutable  stamp  that  provides  the
__label__situationalsurveillance guarantee  that  no  one  can  tamper  the  recorded  data.  the  only  way  to  tamper  the  bc  is  to  gain  the  51  of  the  computing  power  of  the  whole  network  acting  on  the  bc.  therefore,  it  is  impossible  for  the  individual  to  make  changes  to  the  ledger.  this  is  a  fundamental  element:  the  decentralization  of  the  bc  is  what  makes  it  secure  and  distributed;  moreover,  such  a  decentralization  allows  the  elimination  of  any  central  entity,  relying  instead  on  the  democracy  of  computing  power  ,  which  is  assured  by  the  thousands  of  participants  in  the  bc.  in  general,  all  coins  and  tokens
__label__situationalsurveillance are  considered  as  cryptocurrency  even  though  there  is  a  fundamental  difference  between  coins  and  tokens.  most  of  the  tokens  are  used  in  an  altogether  different  fashion  than  as  means  of  currency  exchange.  cryptocurrencies  are  commonly  characterized  as  i  alternative  cryptocurrency  coins  altcoins  or  native  tokens,  and  ii  nonnative  tokens.  altcoins  or  native  tokens  are  coins  that  are  built  on  their  bc,  usually  similar  to  bitcoin  or  ethereum  with  changes  to  underlying  protocols,  thus  conceiving  an  entirely  new  coin  with  a  different  set  of  features.  nonnative  tokens,  on  the  other  hand,  usually  reside  on  top  of  another  bc  and  do  not
__label__situationalsurveillance make  any  changes  to  underlying  protocols.  alex  kruger  in  his  article  classified  digital  assets  into  native  and  nonnative  tokens.  often  discussed  native  tokens  like  bitcoin,  monero,  and  ether  have  their  bc,  while  nonnative  tokens  use  other  bc  platforms.  the  author  further  classified  nonnative  tokens  into  various  classes:  i  protocol  tokens  :  the  tokens  which  are  based  on  protocols  powered  by  rules  of  the  bc,  on  which  the  tokens  are  builtfor  example,  augur  ;  ii  utility  tokens  :  the  tokens  issued  to  utilize  the  services  offered  by  any  company.  usually,  their  tokens  are  offered  as  part  of  the  ico  before  the
__label__situationalsurveillance actual  service  goes  online.  ico  stands  for  initial  coin  offering  wherein  a  share  of  the  cryptocurrency  is  offered  to  early  investors  in  exchange  for  legal  tender  or  other  cryptocurrenciesfor  example,  factom  and  civic  ;  iii  assetbacked  tokens  :  the  tokens  that  are  linked  to  a  physical  assetfor  example,  tether  ;  iv  participation  tokens  :  the  tokens  which  are  distributed  among  the  participants  to  decide  their  share  in  future  revenues  without  legal  obligationfor  example,  digixdao  ,  cryptoonestopsolution  coss  ,  bitdice  ;  v  partnership  tokens  :  the  tokens  which  are  distributed  to  decide  the  share  of  the  shareholders.  there  may  represent  equity
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  companyfor  example,  lykke  ;  vi  appreciation  tokens  :  the  tokens  which  are  offered  as  appreciationfor  example,  populous  .  in  contrast  to  cryptocurrencies  like  bitcoin  where  the  prices  are  determined  by  the  supply  and  demand,  a  new  class  of  tokens  is  emerging,  called  security  tokens  .  these  tokens  derive  their  value  from  an  external,  tradable  asset  and  thus  are  regulated  by  federal  securities.  the  potential  applications  may  vary,  with  security  tokens  representing  company  stocks  being  the  most  promising.  compared  to  ico,  security  tokens  are  issued  based  on  regulation,  which  is  easier  and  cheaper.  due  to  regulations,  the  legal  risk
__label__situationalsurveillance associated  with  the  tokens  is  reduced.  the  regulation  also  limits  who  can  invest  in  them  and  how  they  can  be  traded.  the  typical  features  of  security  tokens  are  as  follows:  i  the  markets  will  always  be  open  irrespective  of  time  or  days  weekends  or  holidays,  ii  the  interested  parties  can  partner  and  acquire  partial  control  over  a  high  value  asset,  iii  the  swift  resolution  of  settlement  between  trading  parties  as  thirdparty  like  banks  are  not  involved,  iv  there  is  a  decrement  in  direct  charge  due  to  elimination  of  securities  issuance  costs  and  postissuance  administrative  costs  like  ownership  reconciliation,  v  programming
__label__situationalsurveillance terms  of  trade  into  smart  contracts  leads  to  automated  compliance,  and  vi  integration  of  standards  like  erc20  allows  for  accumulation  of  varying  types  of  assets  in  the  same  wallet  leading  to  asset  interoperability.  the  consensus  problem  in  bc,  which  is  distributed  and  trustless,  can  be  considered  synonymous  to  byzantine  generals  problem  bgp  .  the  problem  is  formulated  as  how  the  generals  can  come  to  a  common  conclusion  in  the  presence  of  a  small  number  of  traitors  and  miscommunications.  thus,  the  consensus  protocol  must  exhibit  the  byzantine  fault  tolerant  bft  property.  the  bft  protocols  are  categorized  as  i  proofof  :  the
__label__situationalsurveillance basis  of  these  kinds  of  algorithms  is  the  election  of  a  leader.  the  leader  is  then  responsible  for  validating  the  new  block  and  propagating  through  the  network.  in  case  of  conflict,  resolution  mechanisms  are  also  present.  ii  byzantine  agreement  ba  :  the  basis  of  these  kinds  of  algorithms  is  majority  voting.  all  participants  of  the  network  are  involved  in  validation,  and  when  a  threshold  of  nodes  agree  on  a  block,  the  block  is  added  to  the  network.  a  major  prerequisite  is  that  the  majority  of  nodes  should  be  honest.  the  proofofwork  pow  is  a  computationally  intensive  mathematical  problem  that  makes
__label__situationalsurveillance the  bc  what  it  is.  in  fact,  it  would  be  impossible  to  talk  about  bc  without  the  existence  of  pow.  however,  the  pow  has  been  strongly  criticized  because  it  is  considered  excessively  difficult,  computationally  heavy  and  very  expensive  in  terms  of  energy  consumption  .  however,  it  is  not  possible  to  reduce  the  work  linked  to  the  pow.  the  pow  must  be  tough  challenging  because,  if  you  want  to  obtain  a  value  i.e.,  bitcoin  as  a  result  of  a  performed  work,  this  cannot  be  easy  to  do.  in  fact,  the  native  goal  of  the  pow  is  to  avoid  the  spamming  attack.
__label__situationalsurveillance lets  imagine  a  bitcoin  network  without  pow  and  a  user  that  wants  to  generate  a  dos.  he  could  flood  the  system  with  new  blocks  thus  clogging  the  network  itself  forcing  all  the  nodes  to  perform  extra  work  to  find,  among  tons  of  spam  blocks,  the  only  one  that  is  valid.  furthermore,  the  pow  must  be  an  asymmetric  task,  meaning:  hard  to  solve  and  very  easy  to  verify.  specifically,  a  miner  needs  much  time  in  finding  the  nonce  that  solves  the  hash  puzzle,  but  the  other  miners  in  the  network  can  immediately  verify  the  validity  of  the  found  solution.  shows  an
__label__situationalsurveillance example  of  pow.  a  miner,  to  attach  a  block  to  the  chain,  must  find  a  nonce  such  that  the  hashing  of  such  a  nonce  and  the  data  block  gives  a  resulting  value  that  is  lesser  than  a  specific  threshold.  this  is  usually  a  value  starting  with  a  specific  number  of  consecutive  0.  the  quantity  of  consecutive  0  is  determined  by  the  difficulty  to  solve  the  puzzle,  and  it  is  dynamically  adjusted  by  the  network.  another  important  characteristic  of  the  pow  is  that  anyone  can  do  it.  any  device,  in  theory,  can  solve  the  hash  problem,  and  this  makes  the  pow
__label__situationalsurveillance a  democratic  system.  differently  from  the  other  consensus  systems  such  as  proof  of  space  posp  or  proof  of  stake  pos,  where  some  nodes  are  cut  off  from  the  mining  process  because  they  do  not  have  the  basic  needed  requirements,  with  pow  any  node  can  try  to  solve  the  problem.  moreover,  pow  makes  hard  not  only  the  addition  of  new  blocks  to  the  chain  but  also  the  alteration  of  previously  added  blocks.  this  means  resilience  and  safety  for  the  bc.  that  is  why  anyone  who  wants  to  cheat  needs  a  much  more  substantial  computational  power  than  he  would  need  if  acting
__label__situationalsurveillance honestly.  proofofwork  calculation  and  threshold.  the  problem  with  pow  is  that  multiple  miners  working  towards  a  common  objective  lead  to  tremendous  wastage  of  computing  power  and  electricity.  in  addition,  due  to  the  requirement  of  high  computing  power,  mining  is  advantageous  if  it  is  done  in  pools,  thus  defeating  the  decentralization.  unlike  in  pow,  where  the  fastest  node  is  chosen  as  the  leader,  proofofstake  pos  elects  a  leader  pseudorandomly  based  on  the  stake  presented  by  the  participants.  the  malicious  participant  will  lose  his/her  stake  as  well  as  participation  in  the  future.  in  casper  ,  a  node  is  required  to  place  a
__label__situationalsurveillance safety  guarantee,  called  bonding  and  thus  becomes  a  bonded  validator.  after  bonding,  the  validator  can  place  a  stake  on  which  block  will  be  included  next.  on  acceptance,  a  reward  will  be  received  by  the  validator.  stakes  against  the  consensus  will  cause  the  validator  to  lease  his/her  bet.  dishonesty  will  result  in  deletion  of  the  bond.  delegated  proofofstake  dpos  requires  voting  to  reach  to  a  consensus.  the  responsibility  of  network  management  is  given  to  delegates  who  are  not  incentivized  .  their  responsibilities  include  fee  schedules,  block  intervals,  and  transaction  sizes.  delegators  can  also  propose  changes  which  can  be  adopted  based  on
__label__situationalsurveillance the  voting  of  the  network.  the  responsibility  of  transaction  validation  and  block  creation  rests  with  witnesses.  leader  selection  is  deterministic  and  in  a  roundrobin  fashion.  witnesses  are  paid  in  terms  of  block  generation  and  witnesses  failing  to  do  so  are  denied  their  privileges.  proof  of  authority  poa  is  the  successor  of  pos,  wherein  the  reputation  of  the  validator  acts  as  the  stake  .  the  reason  being  that  equal  coin  ownership  does  not  essentially  translate  into  equal  motivation  towards  ensuring  the  honesty  of  the  network  as  users  differ  in  terms  of  their  net  worth.  reputation  is  difficult  to  regain  once  lost
__label__situationalsurveillance and  thus  is  a  better  choice  for  stake.  poa  networks  have  high  throughput  but  are  centrallycontrolled  by  the  validators.  proof  of  capacity  poc  or  proof  of  space  pospace  is  an  alternative  to  pow,  using  miners  hard  drive  space  instead  of  computing  power  for  solving  cryptographic  challenges  ,  .  instead  of  working  simultaneously  to  solve  a  problem  in  real  time,  miners  perform  the  plotting  operation  wherein  they  try  to  store  different  solutions  to  different  problems,  thus  eliminating  the  need  for  onthefly  solving  of  the  problem.  the  miner  who  can  solve  the  puzzle  fastest  is  elected  as  the  leader  for  block  addition
__label__situationalsurveillance to  bc.  poc  does  better  energy  management  compared  to  pow.  however,  there  is  still  a  possibility  that  multiple  users  can  collude  to  combine  the  storage  power  and  thus  centralize  the  network.  proof  of  elapsed  time  poet  exploits  intels  sgx  cpus  santa  clara,  ca,  united  states  trusted  execution  environment  for  reaching  to  a  consensus  .  it  was  originally  designed  for  a  hyperledger  sawtooth  bc  project  san  francisco,  ca,  united  states,  which  is  permissioned  bc.  poet  is  a  lotterydesign  consensus  protocol  in  which  sgx  allows  userlevel  code  to  act  in  a  semaphore  environment  enclave.  other  waiting  miners  are  provided  a  random  wait
__label__situationalsurveillance time  before  allocating  the  semaphore  region.  poet  essentially  works  as  follows:  i  every  validator  requests  a  wait  time  from  an  enclave  a  trusted  function;  and  ii  the  validator  with  the  shortest  wait  time  for  a  particular  transaction  block  is  elected  as  the  leader.  a  major  concern  about  poet  is  that  it  is  lockedin  with  intels  hardware.  researchers  have  also  pointed  out  that  sgx  is  not  without  security  flaws.  algorand  is  a  ba  class  of  algorithm  .  it  is  similar  to  pos  in  that  account  holders  with  larger  shares  have  higher  chances  of  becoming  a  leader.  after  each  block  addition,  a
__label__situationalsurveillance onetime  committee  of  block  proposers  is  selected  using  a  cryptographic  algorithm  for  consensus.  here  are  the  steps  from  committee  selection  to  block  generation  i  a  random  leader  is  selected,  and  he/she  proposes  and  circulates  a  new  block.  ii  a  randomlyselected  committee  is  chosen  and  reaches  a  ba  on  the  block  proposed  by  the  leader.  iii  the  agreedupon  block  is  digitallysigned  by  a  certain  number  of  committee  members.  iv  the  digital  signatures  and  the  identities  of  the  signers,  as  well  as  the  hash  of  the  new  block,  are  circulated  so  that  everyone  on  the  network  can  authenticate  the  new  block.  compared
__label__situationalsurveillance with  pow,  algorand  requires  minimal  computation  power,  and  it  does  not  fork  with  overwhelmingly  high  probability.  a  block  that  is  entered  into  the  bc  is  considered  final.  the  ripple  network  follows  the  xrp  ledger  consensus  protocol  xlcp  .  it  consists  of  two  kinds  for  nodes:  i  tracking  nodes,  and  ii  validator  nodes.  the  tracking  nodes  are  responsible  for  client  transaction  distribution  in  the  network  and  querying  the  ledger.  some  of  the  tracking  nodes  act  as  validators.  validators  are  responsible  for  validating  and  adding  blocks  to  the  bc.  here  is  how  xlcp  works  i  client  submits  the  transaction  to  tracking  node.
__label__situationalsurveillance ii  tracking  node  relays  the  transaction  to  other  nodes.  iii  each  tracking  node  is  attached  to  set  of  validator  nodes  and  decides  based  on  the  recommendation  of  its  validators.  iv  when  a  supermajority  80  of  nodes  approves  this  candidate  transaction,  this  transaction  will  be  included  in  the  new  last  validated  ledger.  stellar  consensus  protocol  scp  from  stellar  is  constructed  as  a  federated  byzantine  agreement  fba  .  instead  of  waiting  for  a  threshold  of  total  nodes  of  the  network,  a  node  forms  a  subset  of  trusted  nodes  on  the  network.  the  node  takes  a  decision  based  on  the  consensus  of  its
__label__situationalsurveillance trusted  circle.  thus,  misbehaving  nodes  remain  out  of  trusted  circles  and  are  eliminated  from  the  decisionmaking  process.  in  hyperledger  fabric  where  practical  byzantine  fault  tolerance  pbft  is  implemented,  every  transaction  is  validated  by  every  node  in  the  network  .  however,  the  sequence  of  transactions  in  every  node  is  not  the  same.  a  leader  is  thus  elected  to  propose  the  sequence.  all  of  the  rest  of  the  nodes  then  communicate  with  each  other  about  the  sequence  until  a  consensus  is  reached.  delegated  byzantine  fault  tolerant  dbft  leverages  proxy  voting  .  in  dbft,  nodes  are  elected  to  reach  to  a  consensus  on
__label__situationalsurveillance the  next  block  to  be  added  to  the  bc.  these  nodes  are  called  bookkeepers.  voting,  and  therefore  the  selection  of  bookkeepers,  happens  continuously.  bookkeepers  are  required  to  register  their  identities  with  the  network.  summarizes  the  comparison  between  various  consensus  algorithms.  transaction  finality  specifies  whether  the  addition  of  transaction  to  the  block  is  treated  as  final.  with  multiple  blocks  being  mined  simultaneously  in  algorithms  like  pow  and  poet,  there  is  a  possibility  that  mined  blocks  become  part  of  a  temporary  fork  and  are  thus  rejected.  the  requirement  of  a  cryptographic  token  is  a  must  for  algorithms  like  pow  and  pos  as
__label__situationalsurveillance it  is  part  of  their  design  incentive  for  work.  other  consensus  algorithms  do  not  require  them.  tokens  serve  another  purpose  of  preventing  spam  or  ddos  attacks.  the  trust  model  signifies  if  the  identity  of  the  participants  is  known.  pow,  pos  and  poet  models  are  based  on  cryptographic  work  and  thus  can  be  considered  untrusted.  other  algorithms  assume  trusted  participants.  consensus  protocol  comparison.  i  ii  iii  iv  v  vi  vii  the  vision  of  ethereum  is  to  create  an  unstoppable  censorshipresistant  selfsustaining  decentralized  world  computer  .  ethereum  is  an  ecosystem  of  nodes  computers  capable  of  replicating  and  processing  data  and  programs  called
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  contracts  on  all  nodes  without  a  central  authority.  ethereum  can  be  thought  of  as  a  programmable  bc.  as  against  the  bitcoin  transactions  where  the  user  operations  are  fixed,  a  user  can  create  a  complex  operation  using  ethereum.  this  extends  the  application  of  ethereum  beyond  cryptocurrencies.  ethereum  is  characterized  by  ethereum  virtual  machine  evm  and  smart  contracts.  ethereum  is  turing  complete  with  the  evm  at  its  core.  the  evm  is  an  isolated  sandbox  environment  for  smart  contracts.  the  code  running  inside  evm  is  isolated  from  network  access,  other  processes  or  the  filesystem.  the  code  of  the  smart  contract  has  further
__label__situationalsurveillance limited  access  to  other  smart  contracts.  bigchaindb  is  an  open  source  system  that  is  a  combination  of  a  big  data  distributed  database  and  bc  features  like  decentralization  of  control,  immutable  ledger,  and  management  of  ownership  of  digital  assets  .  the  key  features  of  bigchaindb  are  i  records  are  added  to  bc  without  merkle  trees  or  sidechains.  sidechains  allow  digital  assets  to  be  securely  transferred  between  two  different  bcs  if  the  need  arises.  a  sidechain  is  an  alternate  bc  that  is  linked  to  another  chain,  usually  called  parent  bc,  using  a  twoway  peg.  the  twoway  peg  mechanism  allows  interchangeability  of  assets
__label__situationalsurveillance between  the  parent  bc  and  the  sidechain.  the  original  bc  is  usually  referred  to  as  the  main  chain,  and  all  additional  bc  are  referred  to  as  sidechains.  ii  it  supports  transparency,  custom  assets,  transactions,  and  permissions.  iii  it  supports  federation  consensus  model.  iv  it  supports  both  public  and  private  networks.  v  it  does  not  support  any  native  currency.  vi  the  permissions  are  set  at  transaction  level.  chain  core  is  a  bc  platform  dealing  with  financial  assets  on  a  permissioned  bc  infrastructure  .  chain  core  is  powered  by  opensource  chain  protocol.  control,  transfer,  and  creation  of  assets  are  decentralized  among  the
__label__situationalsurveillance participants.  a  consensus  among  the  participants  is  reached  by  a  federationa  designated  set  of  nodes.  the  key  features  include:  i  it  supports  native  digital  assets.  ii  it  utilizes  rolebased  permissions  for  operating,  accessing,  and  participating  in  a  network.  iii  it  supports  multisignature  accounts.  iv  it  supports  smart  contracts.  v  it  provides  transaction  privacy.  the  corda  platform  provides  pluggable  consensus,  which  is  unique  among  all  opensource  distributed  ledger  platforms  .  the  key  features  include:  i  it  does  not  require  global  broadcasting  of  data  across  the  network.  ii  it  supports  pluggable  consensus.  iii  it  supports  querying  with  sql,  join  to  external  databases,
__label__situationalsurveillance bulk  imports.  credits  is  a  development  framework  which  supports  permissioned  distributed  ledgers  .  it  uses  a  variant  of  pos.  it  is  based  on  a  leaderless  twophase  commit  algorithm  with  variable  voting  power.  domus  tower  blockchain  is  focused  on  regulated  environments  such  as  securities  trading  where  participants  know  each  other  and  can  independently  decide  whom  to  trust  .  merkle  dag  is  the  basis  for  data  storage.  a  node  capable  of  writing  to  bc  has  the  authority  to  write  transaction  to  that  chain.  the  authorization  model  is  centralized.  the  features  include  i  the  blocks  are  linked  as  assets  of  an  account  on
__label__situationalsurveillance one  bc  must  match  the  liabilities  on  account  of  another  bc.  ii  it  is  capable  of  a  high  rate  of  transactions  in  a  scalable  manner.  iii  there  is  a  separate  entry  for  tracking  credit  and  debit.  erisdb  belongs  to  a  permissioned  distributed  ledger  capable  of  executing  ethereum  smart  contracts  on  a  permissioned  virtual  machine.  the  consensus  mechanism  followed  is  a  byzantine  faulttolerant  tendermint  consensus  engine,  which  is  a  deposit  based  pos  protocol.  hydrachain  is  an  opensource  system  extending  ethereum  for  private  and  consortium  chains  in  a  permissioned  way  .  it  uses  bft  consensus  protocol.  the  key  features  are  i  it
__label__situationalsurveillance is  fully  compatible  with  ethereum  protocol.  ii  the  validators  in  the  system  are  accountable.  iii  it  does  not  support  forks  or  reverts.  iv  it  is  possible  to  write  smart  contracts  in  python.  hyperledger  fabric  enables  management  of  multiple  networks  capable  of  supporting  different  assets,  agreements,  and  transactions  between  different  sets  of  member  nodes.  channels  allow  crypto  assets  to  be  derived  from  different  certificate  authorities.  multichain  supports  multiasset  financial  transactions  and  is  an  opensource  bc  platform  .  it  is  based  on  bitcoins  bc.  the  key  features  include  i  it  natively  supports  multicurrency.  ii  it  supports  multiple  networks  simultaneously  on  a  single
__label__situationalsurveillance server.  the  consensus  mechanism  is  similar  to  pbft  with  one  validator  per  block,  working  in  a  roundrobin  type  of  fashion.  openchain  manages  digital  assets  and  is  based  on  an  open  source  distributed  ledger  system  .  the  tokens  are  interoperable  with  bitcoin  with  support  for  smart  contract  modules.  it  is  based  on  partitioned  consensus.  lisk  supports  the  sidechain  consensus  and  was  developed  in  node.js  .  bc,  being  a  decentralized  system,  eliminates  the  need  for  intermediaries,  thus  saving  time  and  conflict.  nick  szabo  proposed  utilization  of  decentralized  ledger  for  selfexecuting  contracts.  these  contracts  could  be  converted,  stored  and  replicated  by  participants  of
__label__situationalsurveillance bc.  nonavailability  of  necessary  technologies,  especially  the  distributed  ledger,  caused  a  hindrance  in  the  realization  of  the  concept  at  that  time.  after  the  appearance  of  bitcoin  in  2008  and  ethereum  in  2014,  it  became  possible  to  support  the  realization  of  a  smart  contract.  a  smart  contract,  in  simple  terms,  is  a  digitized  form  of  a  legal  contract.  it  consists  of  a  set  of  protocols,  which  the  participating  entities  should  agree  on,  and  conditions  causing  the  executions  of  those  protocols.  the  public  availability  of  the  code  on  the  bc  creates  a  trust  in  the  participating  entities,  and  automatic  execution  eliminates  the
__label__situationalsurveillance need  for  a  ttp.  smart  contracts  have  the  following  properties  i  autonomy  :  participating  entities  consent  on  the  decisions  and  thus  need  for  intermediary  and  bias  related  to  them  is  eliminated.  ii  trust  :  essential  documents  are  present  on  a  public  ledger  and  thus  cannot  be  destroyed  or  lost.  iii  backup  :  presence  of  data  on  multiple  nodes  participating  in  the  network  makes  the  data  safe.  iv  savings  :  smart  contracts  eliminate  the  need  for  a  ttp  and  thus  save  money.  bc  stores  metadata  about  transactions  and  user  balances.  there  are  two  popular  approaches  on  which  two  popular  bc  platforms,
__label__situationalsurveillance bitcoin  and  ethereum,  are  based  on.  the  first  approach  is  known  as  the  unspent  transaction  output  utxo  model  and  the  second  approach  is  known  as  the  account/balance  model.  bitcoin  is  based  on  the  utxo  model,  while  ethereum  follows  the  account/balance  model.  bitcoin  and  its  associated  transactions  adhere  to  the  utxo  model.  the  unspent  transactions  are  the  group  of  transactions  received  by  a  user,  but  not  yet  sent  by  him.  at  any  given  instant,  a  user  balance  can  be  found  by  aggregating  the  outputs.  bc  will  present  these  assets  on  different  accounts  owned  by  the  user  and  tracked  by  wallet  using
__label__situationalsurveillance users  keys.  the  validity  of  a  transaction  is  based  on  the  proof  of  ownership.  if  a  user  can  prove  ownership,  he/she  can  transact.  typical  features  of  utxo  include  i  higher  degree  of  privacy:  as  the  user  uses  a  new  address  for  each  new  transaction,  it  provides  the  user  a  pseudoanonymity,  thereby  providing  a  higher  degree  of  privacy.  this  feature  is  more  relevant  for  currency,  but,  in  the  case  of  other  digital  assets,  it  is  necessary  to  keep  track  of  the  assets.  ii  potential  scalability  paradigms:  utxo  compared  to  the  account  model  is  theoretically  compatible  with  certain  kinds  of  scalability  paradigms.
__label__situationalsurveillance the  owner  forgetting  data  harms  only  himself  and  do  not  affect  the  network  in  contrast  to  the  account  model,  where  everyone  losing  the  portion  of  a  merkle  tree  corresponding  to  an  account  would  make  it  impossible  to  process  messages  that  affect  that  account  at  all  in  any  way,  including  sending  to  it.  however,  nonutxodependent  scalability  paradigms  do  exist.  in  our  opinion,  bc  represents  the  missing  piece  of  a  puzzle  to  solve  privacy  and  reliability  flaws  in  iot.  the  intrinsic  decentralized,  autonomous,  and  trustless  features  of  the  bc  make  it  suitable  to  be  applied  in  several  different  scenarios  such  as  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance home,  smart  industries,  smart  grid,  and  smart  city  as  well.  for  example,  the  bc  could  keep  an  immutable  history  of  smart  devices.  moreover,  it  may  enable  an  autonomous  functioning  of  intelligent  devices,  removing  the  presence  of  centralized  authority  or  human  control  by  the  use  of  smart  contracts.  furthermore,  bc  can  also  create  a  secure  way  for  smart  devices  exchanging  messages  with  each  other.  therefore,  the  goal  of  this  paper  is  to  figure  out  how  bc  can  meet  the  iot  security  and  privacy  requirements  or  in  general  how  bc  can  be  integrated  with  iot.  thus,  in  this  section,  we  are  going
__label__situationalsurveillance to  categorize  the  analyzed  papers  in  four  main  groups,  taking  into  account  the  field  where  each  of  them  operates.  the  considered  groups  are  smart  city,  smart  home,  smart  property  and  generic  context.  the  smart  city  is  further  categorized  into  two  subsets:  smart  industry  and  smart  grid.  in  ,  a  graphic  distribution  of  the  papers  under  each  of  the  subsets  is  presented.  represents  this  categorization.  categorizes  the  surveyed  solution  into  two  categories  i  data  manipulation,  and  ii  device  manipulation.  a  data  manipulation  approach  utilizes  the  bc  as  a  secure  repository  exploiting  its  features  like  an  immutable  public  ledger  and  ability  to
__label__situationalsurveillance create  a  digital  trail  for  verification.  a  device  manipulation  approach,  on  the  other  hand,  utilizes  bc  not  just  as  a  secure  book  of  records,  but  utilizes  smart  contracts  to  create  autonomous  systems  capable  of  making  decisions  on  the  basis  of  business  logic.  smart  contracts  also  eliminate  the  need  for  a  trusted  thirdparty  as  the  rules  are  executed  automatically  based  on  present  conditions  and  rules  are  publicly  available  thereby  promoting  transparency.  another  organization  of  the  analyzed  frameworks  has  been  done  in  .  in  this  table,  the  frameworks  have  been  split  into  three  subsets  considering  their  development  level.  presents  a  categorical  view
__label__situationalsurveillance of  solution  addressing  the  challenges  presented  in  .  tries  to  give  another  perspective  to  the  survey  focusing  on  specific  usecase  and  goal  specifying  the  technologies  or  models  used  instead  of  considering  the  operating  environment  of  the  solution.  specifies  the  consensus  algorithm  adopted  in  each  of  the  presented  solutions.  paper  scope  distribution.  papers  scope  of  application.  ga:  generic  application,  sm:  smart  property,  sh:  smart  home,  sc:  smart  city,  se:  smart  energy,  sm:  smart  manufacturing,  and  dm:  data  marketplace.  usage  pattern  organization.  systems  development  level.  challenges  addressed  by  the  solution.  use  cases  of  the  analyzed  solutions.  i  ii  iii  iv  v  vi
__label__situationalsurveillance i  ii  iii  iv  v  vi  vii  viii  ix  x  xi  xii  i  ii  iii  i  ii  iii  i  ii  i  ii  iii  i  ii  iii  iv  v  i  ii  iii  iv  v  vi  vii  viii  i  ii  i  ii  consensus  algorithms.  a  city  can  be  understood  as  a  smart  city  if  it  is  capable  of  intelligently  managing  economic  aspects,  mobility,  citizen  relations,  environmental  resources,  etc.  from  the  infrastructural  point  of  view,  a  smart  city  is  designed  to  provide  services  to  citizens  and  enterprises  through  communication  and  information  technologies.  from  the  technological  point  of  view,  this  typically  means  having  a
__label__situationalsurveillance network  of  sensors  or  in  general  smart  devices  that  can  capture  data  from  the  surrounding  environment  and  make  it  available  to  citizens  and  authorities  for  optimal  and  realtime  management  of  the  city.  it  takes  place  through  the  interconnection  of  infrastructures  and  devices  such  as  smart  energy  meters,  safety  devices,  home  appliances  and  smart  cars  or  video  surveillance  systems.  it  is  easily  conceivable  that  the  more  intelligent  and  interconnected  a  city  is,  the  more  it  becomes  a  desirable  target  for  hackers.  a  smart  city  management  is  based  on  a  continuous  data  exchange  among  smart  devices  which  collect  such  data  from  citizens
__label__situationalsurveillance and  the  environment.  the  risk  of  an  attack  on  critical  services  of  a  smart  city  is  very  high  and,  if  it  occurs,  could  lead  to  serious  damage  to  the  citizens  privacy.  in  fact,  the  current  scenario  confirms  that  cybercrime  attacks  are  a  certain  element  of  the  ict  world:  insofar  as  ict  pervasiveness  grows,  so  does  cybercrime,  and  that  means  that  the  latter  is  steadily  on  the  rise.  to  tackle  these  risks,  adequate  defense  and  protection  systems,  dealing  with  any  critical  attack,  are  needed.  some  security  measures  useful  for  reducing  cybernetic  risk  are:  encryption,  anonymization,  and  pseudonymization  of  data  or  application
__label__situationalsurveillance of  the  security  by  design  approach.  an  expedient  for  separation  of  collected  data  that  are  therefore  also  physically  located  in  different  servers  is  the  pseudonymization,  so  that  only  through  a  joint  treatment  of  the  data  is  it  possible  to  get  the  identification  of  the  producer;  pseudonymization  thus  does  not  preclude  that,  by  the  merging  data  from  different  sources,  the  subject  becomes  identifiable  again.  in  other  words,  personal  data  may  no  longer  be  attributed  to  a  specific  individual  without  the  use  of  additional  information.  this  additional  information  is  stored  separately  and,  to  ensure  that  such  personal  data  is  not  attributed  to
__label__situationalsurveillance an  individuals  identity,  it  is  properly  and  technically  organized.  this  exactly  is  the  goal  of  biswa  et  al.  and  conoscenti  et  al.  ,  :  to  find  a  possible  approach  to  overcome  the  data  privacy  risks  from  the  different  point  of  views.  the  papers  presented  in  this  subsection  propose  several  bcbased  systems  that  operate  in  such  a  context.  the  first  is  based  on  pseudonymization  concept.  in  fact,  their  solution  is  to  split  data  into  several  chunks  and  to  distribute  them  among  several  smart  devices  in  an  iot  environment  smart  home.  in  this  way,  only  the  owner  can  rebuild  the  original  data.
__label__situationalsurveillance moreover,  the  use  of  the  bc  technology  provides  certification  of  the  data.  the  bc  contains  the  hash  of  the  data  produced  by  the  iot  devices.  an  owner  of  smart  devices  can  specify  access  rules  to  the  data.  thus,  if  some  external  entity  service  provider  wants  to  get  the  data,  it  has  to  be  authenticated.  the  data  owner  decides,  using  a  specific  access  list,  whose  public  key  is  allowed  to  access  the  produced  data  ,  instead  proposes  the  integration  of  bc  into  the  different  layers  of  the  smart  city  framework,  namely,  physical,  communication,  database,  and  application  layers.  the  proposed  framework  overcomes
__label__situationalsurveillance the  limitation  present  in  each  layer  via  the  bc  technology.  ethereum  is  responsible  for  providing  smart  contract  functionalities  with  bc  as  distributed  db.  finally,  the  application  layer  could  integrate  security  to  avoid  granting  intruders  any  access  to  other  dependent  processes.  another  solution  that  exploits  the  telehash  protocol  for  the  communication  is  that  developed  by  filament  company  .  the  filament  idea  is  to  create  wireless  networks  to  control  any  system,  from  the  lights  of  a  city  to  the  alarm  of  a  company.  the  system  is  based  on  the  bc  and  smart  contracts  technologies,  and  it  enables  smart  devices  sensors,  smart  appliances,
__label__situationalsurveillance etc.  to  discover,  exchange  messages,  and  interact  with  each  other  autonomously  and  without  any  central  entity.  before  any  communication,  the  devices  must  authenticate  with  each  other,  e.g.,  by  the  secure  socket  layer  ssl  or  transport  layer  security  tls  protocols,  possibly  based  on  public  key  infrastructure  pki.  in  addition,  prabhu  et  al.  in  proposed  an  intercommunication  model  between  smart  devices  in  an  iot  environment  that  makes  use  of  the  bc  as  a  backbone.  the  idea  is  novel  compared  to  those  proposed  in  ,  .  the  ip  address  acts  as  a  key  to  retrieve  information  stored  on  bc.  in  addition,  events  stored
__label__situationalsurveillance on  bc  are  used  as  notifications.  additionally,  on  the  topic  of  secure  communication  between  iot  devices,  the  startup  moeco  berlin,  germany  proposed  a  platform  called  moeco  ,  named  after  the  company.  in  an  iot  environment  where  many  peers  are  involved,  and  some  of  them  play  the  role  of  hops,  private  communication  between  two  nodes  must  be  realized.  in  light  of  the  above,  the  moeco  platform  is  exploiting  the  bc  to  develop  its  own  iot  data  routing  platform  thus  aiming  to  create  a  new  concept:  domain  name  system  dns  of  things.  every  node  e.g.,  mobile  devices  can  install  moeco  software,  becoming
__label__situationalsurveillance a  gateway  node  bridge  of  networks  and  is  incentivized  for  fulfilling  tasks.  the  payment  is  in  a  token  called  moecoin  moe.  the  bc  used  is  ethereumbased,  and  it  stores  all  the  connections  and  data  transfers  within  transactions.  the  payment  is  signed  and  processed  on  the  bc  as  well.  however,  moeco  is  planning  to  move  towards  a  different  consensus  algorithm,  namely  the  exonum  custombuilt  byzantine  one.  similarly  to  biswas  et  al.  ,  hashemi  et  al.  proposed  a  multilayer  bcbased  framework.  the  target  is  the  same  as  the  previously  analyzed  works:  data  protection.  however,  the  authors  followed  a  publishsubscribe  approach  to  create
__label__situationalsurveillance a  secure  environment.  the  authors  assert  that  conventional  best  practices  to  grant  data  security  are  not  suitable  in  iot:  the  access  control  list  acl  cannot  be  placed  on  sensors,  kerberos  is  a  central  point  of  trust,  etc.  the  presented  solution  is  based  on  two  concepts:  separate  data  store  from  data  management  and  design  components  in  a  scalable,  decentralized  and  distributed  way.  the  three  layers  are:  i  a  data  storage  system  based  on  bc  to  provide  persistent  distribution  and  transparency;  a  ii  messaging  service  providing  a  scalable  communication  system  between  senders  and  receivers;  iii  data  management  providing  a  mean  for  the
__label__situationalsurveillance interaction  between  roles  data  owner,  data  source,  data  requester,  endorser  with  an  access  control  mechanism.  the  bc  is  used  to  collect  access  control  data  in  a  decentralized  way.  the  system  allows  users  to  access  the  data  in  three  different  manners:  i  direct  access  :  everybody  can  access  the  bc  and  download  all  the  chain.  it  is  easy  to  implement  but  not  feasible  in  all  the  contexts  because  it  requires  much  computational  power  in  each  node  to  manage  that  large  amount  of  data.  ii  clientserver  solution  is  feasible  if  there  is  enough  trust  between  clients  and  server.  iii  pubsub  method  represents
__label__situationalsurveillance a  solution  where  the  publisher  does  not  have  access  to  the  data.  it  will  send  an  encrypted  version  of  the  data  to  the  subscriber  who  will  be  able  to  decrypt  it.  a  challenge  that  researchers  are  trying  to  resolve  is  to  find  a  suitable  way  to  implement  access  control  and  authentication  approaches  fulfilling  the  iot  requirements.  we  just  saw  that  classical  acl  protocols  do  not  fit  the  requirements  of  iot  environment  and  this  is  true  for  other  approaches  such  as  mandatory  access  control  mac,  discretionary  access  control  dac,  and  attributebased  access  control  abac  because  of  their  centralized  nature.  deters  in
__label__situationalsurveillance proposed  a  novel  model  to  achieve  access  control  in  iot.  the  model  evaluates  the  suitability  of  bc  based  on  statistics  derived  from  access  patterns.  the  first  is  the  announcement  approach  in  which  the  owner  of  data  or  resource  can  send  the  transaction  to  the  bc  containing  the  address  and  his  privilege.  the  second  approach  is  based  on  a  smart  contract.  to  access  the  data,  a  user  must  send  a  transaction  to  a  given  smart  contract,  which,  after  evaluating  the  access  control  rules,  decides  whether  to  grant  or  deny  permission  to  the  user.  even  though  the  purpose  of  aitzhan  et  al.
__label__situationalsurveillance in  is  to  solve  the  privacy  and  anonymization  problems  by  means  of  bc,  what  is  novel  in  this  paper  is  the  scenario.  the  target  is  not  hiding  the  identity  of  data  producers  but  of  energy  sellers.  thus,  in  this  case,  the  paper  is  placed  in  a  smart  context  that  may  be  considered  a  subset  of  the  smart  city,  namely  smart  grid.  the  bc  is  integrated  into  pritwatt  to  provide  privacy  and  security  to  the  energy  trading  system.  in  such  a  context,  a  transaction  is  understood  as  an  exchange  of  ownership  tokens.  the  proposed  energy  trade  system  generates  and  uses  new
__label__situationalsurveillance addresses  for  each  new  attempt  to  sell  energy.  in  this  way,  the  users  identity  is  hidden  every  time  it  generates  a  transaction.  the  trading  process  consists  of  three  actors:  i  a  prosumer  producer  and  consumer  ;  ii  a  consumer  ;  and  iii  an  energy  broker  called  distribution  system  operator  dso.  the  dso  manages  security  and  avoids  double  spending  of  the  energy.  thus,  this  work  is  categorized  under  the  smart  grid  label  in  ,  in  turn,  a  subset  of  the  smart  city  category.  moreover,  it  is  possible  to  insert  this  work  into  the  smart  property  context.  in  fact,  the  system  considers
__label__situationalsurveillance the  exchange  of  tokens  about  the  ownership  of  a  specific  amount  of  energy.  the  authors  also  proposed  a  proof  of  concept  of  the  presented  system.  the  secure  automation  of  the  energy  exchange  is  possible  if  smart  contracts  are  exploited.  in  fact,  it  is  possible  to  trigger  an  energy  transaction  if  specific  conditions  between  prosumers  and  consumers  are  satisfied.  this  is  the  focus  of  munsing  et  al.  where  smart  contracts  are  exploited  to  optimize  the  energy  distribution  within  microgrids.  in  addition,  lombardi  et  al.  worked  on  the  same  topic  but  from  a  higher  level  point  of  view.  specifically,  they  presented  a
__label__situationalsurveillance threelayer  bcbased  system  that  exploits  smart  contracts,  policies  and  auctions  in  a  grid.  the  system  improves  security,  availability,  and  reliability  reducing  the  transaction  costs.  together  with  the  previous  works,  neha  et  al.  also  aim  to  integrate  smartgrid  and  bc.  the  authors  utilized  bc  for  peertopeer  exchange  of  electricity,  at  the  same  time  optimizing  its  transport.  in  particular,  the  idea  is  to  move  from  a  centralized  approach  to  a  peertopeer  solution.  to  make  bc  work  well  in  a  smartgrid  context,  they  presented  electricchain  ,  which  is  a  mix  of  different  bc  approaches.  the  main  idea  is  to  manage  transactions  related  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  sale  of  electric  energy  between  two  users  belonging  to  the  same  microgrid.  inhabitants  can  exchange  energy  produced  in  their  homes  with  others,  earning  a  specific  amount  of  coins  solarcoins  per  kwh.  the  system  is  based  on  the  exploitation  of  smart  contracts  containing  all  the  rules  and  agreements  by  the  inhabitants.  moreover,  for  efficient  transaction  management,  a  smart  contract  owns  the  consumption  patterns  of  the  bc  users.  the  authors  further  highlight  the  flaws  of  the  presented  approach.  in  the  following,  the  focus  is  slightly  moved  to  another  application  field  that,  in  our  opinion,  is  directly  linked  to  the  smart  city.
__label__situationalsurveillance it  is  called  smart  manufacturing.  the  smart  manufacturing/industry  can  be  seen  as  the  adoption  of  digital  technologies  capable  of  improving  the  interconnection  and  cooperation  of  resources  used  during  the  operational  processes  distributed  along  the  value  chain  .  other  more  comprehensive  definitions  about  smart  manufacturing  are  presented  in  .  it  is  in  such  a  context  that  bahga  et  al.  gave  a  novel  cloudbased  manufacturing  cbm  system,  called  bpiiot,  exploiting  the  bc  technology  to  make  it  decentralized  and  trustless.  bpiiot  can  improve  the  well  known  cbm  which  is  a  new  manufacturing  paradigm  that  aims  to  provide  manufacturing  resources  and  capabilities  as  a
__label__situationalsurveillance service  platforms  by  exploiting  bc  and  smart  contracts.  each  iot  device  is  a  node  of  the  peertopeer  network  and  has  an  account  on  the  bc.  a  user  of  the  system  can  transact  with  the  machines  directly  enjoying  ondemand  manufacturing  services  by  sending  transactions  to  a  registered  machine.  bpiiot  can  be  exploited  for  several  manufacturing  applications,  such  as  i  ondemand  manufacturing  :  users  transact  directly  with  manufacturing  machines  such  as  computer  numerical  control  cnc  machining  or  3  d  printing;  ii  smart  diagnostics  machine  maintenance  :  exploiting  the  sensors  values,  it  is  possible  to  check  if  a  specific  machine  is  working  fine
__label__situationalsurveillance or  not;  iii  supply  chain  tracking  :  by  tracking  product  ownership  through  different  phases  in  a  supply  chain;  iv  and  others.  moreover,  the  authors  proposed  a  use  case:  machine  maintenance  and  smart  diagnostics  application.  the  system  is  based  on  ethereum,  and  the  contracts  are  developed  in  solidity  language.  the  benefits  of  this  choice  are  embedded  in  the  bc  technology,  and,  consequently,  the  system  suffers  from  the  same  problems  as  ethereum,  namely:  smart  contract  vulnerabilities,  privacy,  efficiency,  and  government  regulation.  in  fact,  in  the  paper,  the  authors  did  not  face  problems  with  user  anonymization  or  devices  provenance.  this  is,  instead,  the
__label__situationalsurveillance subject  of  .  the  authors  aim  to  grant  and  certify  the  provenance  of  a  constrained  device  without  revealing  its  identity.  the  proposed  architecture  is  based  on  several  security  concepts  such  as  enhanced  privacy  id  epid  that  in  turn  is  an  extension  of  the  direct  anonymous  attestation  daa.  the  five  actors  of  the  system  are  i  device  manufacturer,  ii  constrained  device,  iii  device  owner,  iv  iot  data  broker  provenance  verifier  and  v  a  bc  p2p  network.  the  device  manufacturer  sends  to  the  iot  data  broker  a  public  key  to  check  the  provenance  of  a  group  of  devices.  each  device  has  the
__label__situationalsurveillance corresponding  provenance  issuing  private  key.  each  device  calculates  another  pair  of  keys  to  sign  the  bc  transactions.  in  this  manner,  the  manufacturer  cannot  monitor  the  device  activity  because  it  does  not  know  this  new  pair  of  keys.  another  analysis  about  the  bc  roles  in  supply  chain  management  is  given  in  kshetri  et  al.  .  the  authors  explain  how  bc  can  be  merged  with  the  iot  and  the  aspects  of  the  supply  chain  it  can  improve.  remaining  in  the  smart  industry  context,  there  is  an  aspect  that  was  not  included  in  the  papers  cited  previously,  namely:  the  smart  energy  exchange.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance scenario  presented  in  sikorski  et  al.  considers  a  novel  machinetomachine  m2m  communication  model  based  on  the  bc  technology.  the  machines  or  components,  in  the  industry  4.0  ,  must  be  able  to  talk  with  each  other  and  trade  every  type  of  commodity  steam,  natural  gas,  coal,  energy.  every  machine  has  an  embedded  system  having  its  digital  identity,  and  this  allows  for  transacting  over  the  bc.  the  presented  system  consists  of  three  primary  entities:  the  bc;  an  energy  producer  that,  utilizing  a  transaction  to  the  bc,  publishes  an  energy  offer;  an  energy  consumer  that  picks  up  the  bestpublished  offer  and  then  sends
__label__situationalsurveillance to  the  bc  a  transaction  payment  for  that  offer.  a  smart  home  is,  by  definition,  a  home  able  to  leverage  an  integrated  home  automation  system,  to  enhance  the  comfort,  safety,  and  consumption  of  people  who  live  there  .  the  smart  home  enables  owners  to  manage  many  internal  functions  even  from  outside  the  home.  it  is  possible  to  program,  activate,  deactivate,  and  control  the  devices  within  it  without  necessarily  being  physically  at  home.  thus,  a  smart  home  provides  the  residents  with  the  ability  to  optimize  energy  loads,  create  custom  scenarios,  and  adapt  the  home  to  the  owners  preferences  and  habits.  through
__label__situationalsurveillance the  previous  ,  we  analyzed  different  solutions  aiming  to  reduce  privacy  and  general  security  issues  in  a  smart  city.  however,  what  happens  if  the  security  problems  in  iot  occur  in  the  home?  does  the  end  consumer  have  the  required  knowledge  and  tools  to  defend  itself  from  possible  external  attacks?  there  are  several  possible  kinds  of  attacks  that  could  be  attempted  by  an  intruder  to  obtain  access  to  confidential  and  private  data.  to  cite  some  of  them:  malware  acting  as  backdoor;  maninthemiddle  in  case  of  unencrypted  communication  protocols;  and  merely  obtaining  access  to  the  home  router  devices  hacking  the  password  of
__label__situationalsurveillance the  device.  in  many  cases,  breaking  into  a  single  device  gives  the  hacker  the  possibility  of  violating  others.  moreover,  some  studies  demonstrate  that,  even  when  the  sensor  generated  data  in  a  smart  home  is  encrypted,  it  can  reveal  a  great  deal  of  information  about  the  activities  of  the  users.  this  is  possible  by  just  analyzing  their  metadata  and  traffic  patterns  .  in  light  of  the  above  in  this  subsection,  we  grouped  all  papers  proposing  solutions  to  solve  some  of  the  previous  threats  through  the  exploitation  of  the  bc.  in  fact,  if  we  think  about  scenarios  where  users  use  private/public  keys
__label__situationalsurveillance to  sign  and  secure  their  activities  or  action  in  an  iot  environment,  even  if  data  or  the  communication  is  ciphered,  it  is  still  possible  to  obtain  information  about  the  involved  users  or  entities.  this  is  because  the  public  key  of  the  user  is  known  to  anyone.  furthermore,  there  are  several  situations  where  the  fact  that  two  entities  are  talking  to  each  other  can  be  sensitive  information.  a  solution  to  this  problem  is  proposed  in  .  the  main  idea  is  to  apply  a  blockchainbased  pki  system  to  those  scenarios  in  which  a  pki  is  needed.  the  application  of  this  kind  of
__label__situationalsurveillance solution  can  create  a  privacyaware  pki,  overcoming  all  the  limits  concerning  the  conventional  pki  systems.  a  possible  scenario  in  which  to  exploit  the  blockchainbased  pki  is  the  iot.  here,  a  single  user  may  act  on  multiple  devices  smart  tv,  fridge,  for  example  and  the  linking  of  identity,  being  used  across  devices,  could  be  a  privacy  concern.  however,  this  paper  does  not  explicitly  focus  on  this  scenario,  but  it  provides  an  indepth  background  about  the  bc  architecture  and  blockchainbased  public  key  infrastructure  pki  system.  another  generic  and  similar  solution  to  solve  authentication  issues  is  presented  in  fromknecht  et  al.  ,  .
__label__situationalsurveillance this  solution  is  called  certcoin.  it  is  a  namecoin  based  system  that  stores  domain  information  together  with  their  associated  public  keys  in  a  public  ledger  bc.  namecoin  is  an  implementation  of  the  bitcoin  protocol  to  create  a  completely  peertopeer  dns  system.  through  the  namecoin  system,  the  translation  of  domain  names  into  the  corresponding  ip  addresses  takes  place  without  the  use  of  central  servers  that  can  theoretically  be  subject  to  government  censorship.  this  solution  puts  together  the  pros  of  both  transparent  certificate  authorities  and  the  web  of  trust  .  the  proposed  solution  does  not  focus  specifically  on  the  application  of  certcoin
__label__situationalsurveillance in  iot  environment,  but  is  a  general  approach.  a  similar  approach  is  proposed  by  axon  et  al.  .  however,  in  our  opinion,  it  can  be  exploited  to  manage  security  aspects  in  an  environment  composed  of  thousands  of  devices  that  must  trust  each  other.  another  more  efficient  solution  than  pki  or  pretty  good  privacy  pgp  wot  is  proposed  in  .  this  solution  is  called  authcoin,  and  it  is  based  on  four  main  steps:  i  key  generation,  ii  userkey  association,  iii  public  key  formal  validation  and  iv  domain,  certificate,  and  email  validation  and  authentication  processes.  the  paper  takes  pgp  wot  as  a
__label__situationalsurveillance reference  point,  but  authcoin  can  be  applied  to  any  other  authentication  system.  during  the  first  step  key  generation,  a  new  key  pair  for  the  user  is  generated.  specifically,  a  user  uses  a  local  client  that  must  be  pgpcompatible.  he  can  also  add  further  information  to  the  keypair  like  email  address  and  domain  names.  the  second  step  merely  checks  if  the  public  key  meets  specific  requirements.  if  the  requirements  are  met,  the  v  validation,  and  authentication  steps  start.  this  is  the  most  crucial  step  of  the  authcoin  flow.  its  strong  point  is  the  bidirectional  requestresponse  challenge.  the  solution  of  the  challenge
__label__situationalsurveillance is  the  proof  of  the  responder  identity.  the  authentication  idea  is  based  on  the  concept  that  a  user  cannot  lie  about  his/her  own  identity  because  this  is  publicly  available  in  the  bc  and  everybody  can  easily  verify  it.  moving  from  the  specific  authentication  concerns  to  other  kinds  of  attacks,  it  is  interesting  to  cite  huh  et  al.  who  propose  a  solution  to  make  a  denial  of  service  and  forgery  attackresistant  smart  home.  the  solution  adopted  is  similar  to  axon  et  al.  ,  which  is  to  manage  and  control  devices  by  using  the  key  stored  securely  within  the  bc.  however,  in
__label__situationalsurveillance this  paper,  the  crux  is  the  smart  contract.  the  main  idea  is  to  be  able  to  automatically  change  the  device  working  mode,  switching  to  energy  saving  mode  when  the  energy  consumption  exceeds  a  specific  threshold.  this  is  obtained  by  exploiting  smart  contracts  registered  on  the  bc.  to  simulate  an  iot  system,  they  considered  only  a  few  smart  devices,  namely  three  raspberry  pis  and  one  smartphone.  the  raspberry  boards  were  used  to  meter  electricity  usage  of  home  devices  while  the  smartphone  was  used  to  configure  the  policies  into  the  bc.  this  is  possible  using  ethereum  smart  contracts.  there  are  mainly  three
__label__situationalsurveillance simultaneous  running  processes  on  the  bc:  i  homeowner  sets  up  or  changes  working  policies  on  the  bc  sending  data  to  bc;  ii  devices  read  the  bc  periodically  to  retrieve  the  updated  policies;  finally,  iii  the  devices  send  electricity  usage  data  to  the  ethereum  bc.  to  achieve  such  a  goal,  the  authors  wrote  three  smart  contracts  to  manage  the  three  processes  described  above.  the  authors  found  some  weakness  during  the  testing  phase  regarding  the  latency  due  to  the  ethereum  transaction  validation  process  and  the  lack  of  possibility  to  implement  a  light  client  on  ethereum.  the  latter  leads  to  a  significant  problem:
__label__situationalsurveillance how  and  where  does  the  bc  have  to  be  stored?  as  previously  mentioned,  smart  homes  collect  and  analyze  a  lot  of  potentially  useful  data.  just  thinking  about  the  number  of  connected  devices  continuously  generating  data  may  reveal  users  behavior.  this  digital  information  is  critical  knowledge  that  could  be  maliciously  used  by  hackers.  therefore,  it  is  easy  to  understand  that  the  level  of  risk  associated  with  a  possible  privacy  violation  is  proportional  to  the  number  of  smart  and  connected  appliances.  moreover,  there  is  a  situation  where  only  the  fact  that  multiple  smart  appliances  are  running,  therefore  sending  data,  could  be  translated
__label__situationalsurveillance into  the  user  presence  in  the  home.  if  some  malicious  person  has  access  to  this  information,  he  could  physically  break  into  the  house  during  the  absence  of  its  owner.  wu  et  al.  in  propose  an  outofband  twofactor  authentication  scheme  for  iot  devices  based  on  bc  infrastructure.  the  proposed  method  uses  eris  bc  as  the  basis.  the  method  utilizes  the  ability  of  secondary  authentication  factor  to  distinguish  a  home  iot  device  from  an  intruder  even  in  the  case  when  the  access  token  is  intercepted.  the  core  idea  of  the  outofband  secondary  authentication  is  to  verify  whether  an  access  requester  locates  within
__label__situationalsurveillance the  home  or  not.  the  secondary  authentication  is  based  on  an  outofband  channel  like  the  amount  of  ambient  light  in  the  home.  the  outside  adversary  has  no  control  over  the  indoor  lighting  conditions.  hence,  the  verifier  device  will  not  get  the  right  action  code,  and  the  adversary  will  fail  the  secondary  authentication.  the  verification  result  will  be  recorded  on  the  specific  address  on  bc.  dorri  et  al.  ,  designed  a  multitier  architecture  to  provide  security  and  privacy  to  an  iot  environment  accordingly  with  the  iot  requirements  and  overcoming  the  limits  of  the  bc  and  those  of  the  conventional  security  and
__label__situationalsurveillance privacy  approaches  as  well.  they  applied  bc,  whilst  removing  the  pow,  which  is  computationally  intensive,  and  the  coin  concepts,  but  granting  at  the  same  time  confidentially,  availability,  and  integrity  of  the  data.  they  used  a  system  based  on  three  layers:  smart  home,  an  overlay  network,  and  cloud  storage.  the  smart  home  is  composed  of  devices  and  only  one  miner.  the  miner  manages  the  bc  and  the  access  policies  on  the  data.  when  a  device  is  added  to  a  smart  home,  the  miner  creates  a  block  of  that  node  and  registers  it  to  the  bc.  the  block  contains  two  headers,  namely
__label__situationalsurveillance a  block  header  and  policy  header.  the  first  includes  the  link  to  the  previous  block  in  the  bc;  the  second  provides  information  about  who  can  access  that  data.  each  device  can  securely  communicate  with  another  through  a  shared  key.  the  miner  manages  the  distribution  and  creation  of  these  keys  diffiehellman  algorithm.  a  device  can  choose  to  store  data  into  local  storage  employing  a  shared  key,  or  it  could  place  data  in  cloud  storage.  to  do  that,  a  device  has  to  send  a  request  to  the  local  miner  that  in  turn  will  send  a  transaction  to  the  public  bc  signed  with
__label__situationalsurveillance the  devices  key  and  addresses  to  the  cloud  storage.  the  presented  architecture  can  meet  five  security  requirements  of  a  smart  home:  i  confidentiality  :  by  means  of  the  use  of  the  symmetric  key  encryption;  ii  integrity  :  using  hashing  algorithm;  iii  availability  :  just  reducing  the  allowed  transactions;  iv  user  control  :  by  the  bc  technology  and  finally  v  authorization  :  exploiting  shared  key  and  authorization  policies.  nevertheless,  bc  is  not  used  with  the  unique  goal  to  make  a  vulnerable  environment  secure.  in  fact,  using  smart  contracts,  it  is  possible  to  find  a  novel  solution  to  existing  problems.  for  example,
__label__situationalsurveillance a  novel  implementation  and  incorporation  of  bc  into  iot  is  represented  by  slock.it  .  it  represents  an  automatic  authorization  approach  to  access  smart  devices  on  demand  and  financially  incentivized  .  this  solution,  based  on  ethereum  framework,  aims  to  give  users  the  possibility  to  control  smart  and  realworld  physical  goods  called  slocks  employing  the  bc.  the  main  idea  is  to  make  it  possible  to  rent  the  use  of  compliant  smart  devices  an  intelligent  object  with  embedded  slock.it  technology  in  a  smart  home  environment  to  external  individuals  in  a  trustless  and  automatic  way.  this  usage  shared  or  rented  is  regulated  through  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance contracts  that  accept  payments,  for  that  usage,  without  any  intermediaries.  a  smart  device  owner,  aiming  to  share  or  rent  it,  has  to  create  a  smart  contract  setting  the  price  for  the  rental.  one  who  wants  to  access  that  object  first  needs  to  find  the  contract  and  then  needs  to  send  a  transaction  payment  on  ethereum  to  use  it.  the  payment  will  trigger  the  smart  contract  that  thus  allows  the  access  to  the  object  unlock  the  object.  the  end  user  will  have  back  in  its  ethereum  wallet  the  difference  between  the  rental  price  and  the  deposit  he  sent  to  the  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance contract.  wilkinson  et  al.  propose  another  similar  idea  .  the  project,  called  storj,  exploits  the  bc  technology  and  a  p2p  protocol  to  provide  secure,  private  and  encrypted  cloud  storage  allowing  users  to  rent  the  unused  hard  disk  space  of  their  computer.  in  the  beginning,  the  system  was  based  on  the  bitcoin  network.  however,  later  it  evolved,  moving  towards  the  ethereum  platform,  exploiting  a  novel  token  called  storj  coin  scjx.  users  can  rent  their  private  free  space  storage  personal  computer  belonging  to  other  clients  in  the  network  and  paying  for  that  using  scjx.  the  most  famous  bc  system  is  bitcoin  .
__label__situationalsurveillance this  system  enabled  functionality  never  previously  available  in  computer  science,  and  the  digital  currency  is  just  a  first  application  of  that  technology.  the  bitcoin  network  empowers  the  ownership  and  the  anonymous  transfer  of  digital  coins,  bitcoins.  however,  bitcoin  software  architecture  allows  for  associating  to  an  address  a  small  amount  of  data  metadata  that  can  be  used  to  describe  an  asset  different  from  a  bitcoin  and  the  instructions  to  transfer  such  an  asset  from  an  address  to  another.  in  other  words,  this  metadata  defines  a  new  kind  of  digital  coin  that  can  be  thought  of  as  a  token.  these  digital  tokens
__label__situationalsurveillance are  defined  as  colored  coins  cc  and  are  associated  with  a  value  that  corresponds  to  an  object  or  service  in  the  real  world.  you  could,  for  example,  have  a  cc  representing  your  house  or  your  car.  consequently,  if/when  you  want  to  sell  your  house/car  to  another  individual,  you  should  send  the  cc  to  the  new  owner.  in  this  way,  there  would  be  no  need  for  a  physical  deed  because  the  proof  of  ownership  is  in  the  bc.  this  solution  to  digitally  manage  the  ownership  of  real  goods  takes  the  name  of  smart  properties.  the  smart  property  is  strictly  linked  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  smart  contract.  in  fact,  in  the  beginning,  the  smart  contract  had  to  manage  the  simple  activation  or  deactivation  of  a  software  license  according  to  some  straightforward  conditions.  the  software  license  was  in  fact  managed  by  a  digital  key  allowing  the  software  to  work  if  the  customer  had  paid  the  license.  what  bc  did,  and  is  doing  at  the  moment,  is  to  allow  having  guarantees  regarding  trust,  reliability,  and  security  that  in  the  past  were  necessarily  delegated  to  a  third  party.  this  is  what  herbert  et  al.  tackled  in  .  they  presented  a  bc  base  system  to  achieve  the  software
__label__situationalsurveillance license  validation  by  means  of  a  peer2peer  distributed  network.  the  main  goal  of  such  a  system  is  the  improvement  of  the  protection  level  provided  by  the  standard  software  copyright.  this  work  presents  two  interesting  license  validation  models:  i  master  bitcoin  model  and  ii  bespoke  model  .  both  of  the  models  are  a  specific  use  of  the  smart  property  concept.  the  first  one  uses  a  couple  of  values  address/bitcoin  as  license  ownership.  the  software  is  registered  in  the  bc.  the  vendor  charges  this  software  account  with  a  number  of  bitcoins  that  when  sent  will  represent  the  ownership  of  that  software.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance second  one  is  based  on  the  concept  of  the  token.  the  token  is  a  digital  signature  representing  the  entitlement  to  use  specific  software.  the  user  that  owns  this  token  is  allowed  to  use  it.  the  authors  underline  the  possibility  to  use  this  approach  in  iot  contexts.  in  this  context,  where  the  devices  should  be  able  to  selfmanage,  mechanisms  to  autoupdate  and  autovalidate  software  license  are  needed.  however,  these  are  static  solutions  that  do  not  leverage  smart  contracts.  the  basic  premise  of  a  fully  decentralized  system  is  failing  in  this  case.  in  fact,  the  authors  talked  about  the  possibility  of  adding
__label__situationalsurveillance further  dynamic  capabilities  by  means  of  smart  contracts.  a  similar  approach  is  followed  by  ghuli  et  al.  ,  .  in  the  first,  a  method  to  decide  ownership  of  iot  devices  in  a  p2p  manner  is  proposed.  the  described  solution  consists  of  transferring  the  ownership  from  one  user  typically  the  devices  manufacturer  to  another  one  typically  the  end  user  making  a  signed  transaction  payment  to  the  manufacturer  to  obtain  the  ownership  of  the  physical  device  another  transaction.  these  two  transactions  are  added  into  the  bc  and  verified  by  the  other  peers.  after  that,  the  manufacturer  will  send  the  physical  good  to
__label__situationalsurveillance the  buyer.  however,  in  the  presented  scenario,  there  is  a  central  entity  called  a  certificate  issuing  authority  cia  that  issues  a  certificate  set  of  public  key  and  private  key  to  any  requesting  entity  and  provides  verification  services  of  a  digital  signature  using  the  signing  authoritys  public  key.  differently  from  the  aforementioned  two  papers,  zhang  et  al.  in  their  work  allow  an  exchange  of  two  kinds  of  goods:  real  objects  and  digital  ones  data.  moreover,  they  added  flexibility  and  automation  capabilities  by  means  of  smart  contracts.  specifically,  the  authors  presented  a  novel  blockchainbased  architecture  able  to  manage  the  transactions  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance iot.  in  particular,  the  authors  focus  on  two  types  of  commodities:  i  paid  data  sensors  acquisitions;  ii  smart  properties  car,  house,  etc.  to  accomplish  such  a  goal,  they  consider  a  new  kind  of  cc  to  represent  physical  goods.  for  example,  to  describe  the  object  car,  you  can  use  carcoin.  the  system  counts  two  types  of  transactions:  data  and  properties.  regarding  the  data,  a  user  can  pay  bitcoins  to  buy  iotcoin  and  then  use  iotcoin  to  obtain  data  or  asset  ownership.  the  iotcoin  is  a  special  cc:  crypto  coins  that  are  based  on  the  bc  and  can  represent  virtual  goods.  regarding
__label__situationalsurveillance the  smart  properties,  there  is  an  exchange  between  objectcoins  and  other  objectcoins  or  with  bitcoins.  to  access  the  iot  data,  there  are  two  ways:  positive  and  negative.  in  the  positive  approach,  with  a  p2p  connection  between  user  and  provider,  the  user  obtains  iot  coins  and  a  key  for  assessing  the  api  offered  by  the  provider  in  order  to  get  the  data.  in  the  negative  approach,  the  user  sends  bitcoins  to  the  data  provider  and  receives  iot  coins  and  the  encrypted  data.  another  interesting  analyzed  use  case  is  the  cars  ownership  exchange.  the  cars  engine  is  locked,  and  it  can  be
__label__situationalsurveillance unlocked  only  by  the  private  key  of  the  owner.  this  because,  at  the  end  of  the  transaction,  the  car  control  unit  will  contain  the  public  key  of  the  owner  with  which  the  carcoin  iotcoin  is  associated.  refers  to  the  development  level  of  the  solutions  presented  in  the  paper.  we  categorize  a  particular  solution  in  a  given  development  level.  many  of  the  surveyed  solutions  such  as  bpiiot  ,  cha  et  al.  ,  dorri  et  al.  ,  ,  certcoin  ,  ,  chainanchor  ,  hashemi  et  al.  and  sapphire  ,  are  at  a  prototype  level  as  they  are  open  to  users  for  evaluation
__label__situationalsurveillance and  feedback,  but  are  not  yet  at  commercial  level.  solutions  like  priwatt  ,  ibm  adept  ,  huh  et  al.  and  sikorski  et  al.  are  at  a  theoretical  level  and  do  not  present  a  proofofconcept.  projects  like  ibm  hyperledger  ,  ,  iota  tangle  ,  and  storj  are  at  preproduct  level  as  the  product  is  available,  but  active  research  is  still  pursued.  products  like  transactive  grid  ,  filament  ,  enigma  ,  and  moeco  are  more  mature  and  thus  are  categorized  as  products.  in  this  section,  works  proposing  generic  solutions  are  grouped.  these  solutions  can  be  applied  to  each  field  of  the  iot
__label__situationalsurveillance environment.  for  example,  wrner  et  al.  propose  a  system  allowing  sensors  to  exchange  bitcoins  with  data.  each  node  has  an  address  which  is  the  bitcoins  pubkey.  essentially,  when  a  client  requests  data  from  a  sensor  after  discovering  it  within  a  sensor  repository,  he/she  sends  a  transaction  addressed  to  the  public  key  of  that  sensor  including  bitcoins.  the  sensor  will  respond  by  sending  a  transaction  to  the  client  including  data.  this  approach,  in  fact,  is  a  generalization  of  the  solution  presented  in  and  thus  it  is  only  a  possible  application  of  such  a  technology  to  enable  purchasing  of  sensor  data  in
__label__situationalsurveillance iot.  taking  into  consideration  what  was  discussed  in  about  pseudonymisation  techniques,  now  it  is  interesting  to  introduce  the  enigma  framework.  it  exploits  a  similar  idea  entirely:  to  distribute  data  among  several  nodes  and  separate  data  from  its  references.  moreover,  besides  making  it  hard  to  rebuild  the  original  version  of  data,  enigma  adds  an  additional  level  of  security:  encryption  of  such  data  chunks  zyskind  et  al.  .  thus,  enigma  is  a  peertopeer  network  allowing  different  parties  to  store  and  operate  on  the  data  at  the  same  time  keeping  that  data  completely  private.  the  main  components  are:  i  a  data  storage  using
__label__situationalsurveillance a  modified  version  of  a  data  structure  called  a  distributed  hash  table  dht  for  storing  shared  secret  data  chunks;  and  ii  an  external  bc  to  manage  network  monitoring,  access  control  and  identities.  thus,  bc  acts  as  a  log  of  attempts  to  tamper  the  events.  the  dht  contains  references  to  the  data  but  not  the  actual  data.  each  node  stores  only  a  part  of  the  data.  calculation  on  the  data  is  spread  over  the  nodes,  and  it  is  done  without  decrypting  the  data.  thus,  the  enigmas  primary  goal  is  to  protect  the  datainuse,  but  it  also  considers  access  control  management  and
__label__situationalsurveillance processing  on  encrypted  data  by  means  of  the  homomorphic  encryption.  this  is  a  general  purpose  system  that  could  be  adapted  to  collect,  manage  and  use  data  coming  from  iot  devices  in  a  decentralized  and  trustless  fashion.  however,  the  exploitation  of  the  homomorphic  encryption  and  data  computation  within  iot  devices  is  currently  a  tough  challenge,  and  it  must  be  deeply  investigated.  in  this  case,  the  bc  has  only  a  surrounding  role  in  the  presented  scenario.  it  only  plays  a  monitoring  role  and  does  not  keep  any  data  chunk  or  other  information  about  it.  the  same  approach  to  the  use  of  bc
__label__situationalsurveillance is  followed  in  shafagh  et  al.  where  the  authors  propose  a  bcbased  storage  system  for  iot  data.  they  implemented  a  layered  storage  system  with  the  purpose  of  giving  the  end  users  control  over  their  data  and  to  ensure  data  ownership  securely.  the  designed  system  consists  of  three  layers,  namely:  i  data  plane  based  on  the  cloud  and  in  particular  on  offchain  decentralized  hash  table  technology.  this  layer  collects  iot  data  exploiting  the  dht  advantages  in  terms  of  scalability,  bandwidth  and  storage  requirement.  in  contrast  to  enigma,  dht,  in  this  case,  stores  keyvalue  pairs.  the  value  is  the  data  chunk,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance the  key  is  the  resulting  hash  value  of  the  following  four  values:  .  ii  the  control  plane  is  based  on  the  bc  technology.  the  bc  manages  the  access  control  to  the  data  stored  in  the  dht.  each  transaction,  added  to  the  distributed  ledger,  contains  information  about  the  data  owner,  data  readers,  corresponding  data  stream,  and  some  additional  metadata.  when  a  dht  node  receives  a  data  access  request,  it  interacts  with  bc  to  check  if  the  requester  has  the  permission  to  retrieve  such  data.  iii  iot  devices  and  services  .  another  novel  system  aiming  to  perform  analytical  tasks  on  data  is
__label__situationalsurveillance presented  by  xu  et  al.  .  the  proposed  system  is  called  sapphire  and  it  utilizes  the  bc  as  a  storage  system.  the  main  idea  is  to  exploit  the  iot  device  computing  power  to  execute  software  smart  contracts  to  perform  computation  on  the  data  coming  from  a  smart  environment  cities,  grids,  and  buildings.  in  this  way,  the  benefit  is  twofold:  i  to  reduce  the  data  transfer  on  the  iot  network,  and  ii  to  improve  the  execution  time  by  utilizing  parallel  computation  over  a  distributed  storage  system.  similar  to  ibms  adept  ,  sapphire  consists  of  three  different  types  of  nodes,  namely:  super,
__label__situationalsurveillance regular,  and  light  nodes.  this  classification  is  made  to  assign  to  each  kind  of  node  different  tasks  according  to  the  resource  available  to  them.  for  example,  the  light  nodes  have  low  resources  and  thus  neither  store  all  the  bc  nor  perform  analytical  tasks  on  iot  data.  the  iot  devices  super  and  regular  node  run  algorithms  on  data  and  send  the  final  result  back  to  the  users.  ouaddah  et  al.  also  proposes  such  a  type  of  bc  usage.  the  authors  here  utilize  the  concepts  of  token  and  smart  contract  to  achieve  their  goal.  the  proposed  access  control  model  is  called  fairaccess
__label__situationalsurveillance and  uses  a  smart  contract  to  enforce  access  policies  and  to  inform  authorization  decisions.  one  of  the  important  concepts  in  bc  is  the  utxo.  it  is  a  value  locked  to  a  specific  owner.  the  utxo  consumed  in  a  transaction  is  called  input  and  the  utxo  created  by  a  transaction  is  called  output.  the  authors  idea  is  to  create  an  authorization  token  that  is  a  digital  signature  giving  the  access  right  to  a  recipient  of  that  transaction.  the  flow  works  as  follows:  a  user  a  sends  a  request  to  a  resource  owner  ro  b.  the  ro  first  creates  a  token  encrypted
__label__situationalsurveillance with  the  requester  pubk  and  then  defines  access  policies  by  utilizing  the  rowallet  that  works  as  pep.  pep  transforms  policies  in  an  unlocking  script  into  grantaccess  transaction  and  broadcasts  the  transaction  on  the  bc  network  that  works  as  a  policy  decision  point  pdp.  in  the  end,  the  transaction  is  added  to  the  bc,  and  the  token  is  recorded  in  the  requesterwallet.  to  obtain  the  access  to  the  resources,  the  user  a  initially  scans  his  wallet  to  get  the  token  and  creates  a  transaction  getaccess  afterwards  to  obtain  the  access  to  the  resource  of  device  b.  in  the  input  of  this
__label__situationalsurveillance transaction,  a  inserts  the  utxo  token  of  a  previous  grantaccess  transaction  recorded  in  bc.  when  a  tries  to  access  resources  of  device  b,  the  latter  can  verify  the  validity  of  the  token.  in  addition,  cha  et  al.  designed  a  system  to  preserve  the  users  data  privacy  by  means  of  an  ethereumbased  bc  platform.  such  a  system  avoids  the  situation  where  a  users  personal  data  could  be  obtained  without  the  user  accepting  the  privacy  policies  of  an  iot  device  specifically  bluetooth  low  energy  ble  modules.  the  authors  propose  two  examples,  namely:  wearable  devices  intelligent  glasses,  heartbeat  sensors  and  smart  factory  devices
__label__situationalsurveillance production  line  machines.  however,  the  presented  solution  can  be  applied  to  almost  every  iot  based  context.  the  main  idea  is  the  introduction  of  a  bc  gateway  entity  that  interacts  with  the  iot  devices  on  behalf  of  the  user.  the  interaction  is  based  on  smart  contracts.  the  bc  stores  two  types  of  smart  contracts:  one  for  the  iot  device  and  the  other  for  the  bc  gateway.  moreover,  the  device  must  be  registered  on  the  bc  together  with  a  number  of  additional  details  such  as  id,  device  name,  device  serial  number,  and  a  set  of  policies.  when  an  iot  device  is  physically
__label__situationalsurveillance connected  to  the  bc  gateway,  a  link  between  the  two  smart  contracts  is  created.  furthermore,  if  a  user  wants  to  access  an  iot  device,  he/she  can  query  the  bc  gateways  smart  contract  to  obtain  the  list  of  the  devices  connected  to  that  gateway.  he/she  decides  to  accept  or  reject  the  privacy  policies  of  the  chosen  device.  if  accepted,  the  user  preferences  are  stored  within  the  bc  and  the  gateway  and  thus  will  be  used  in  future  when  the  user  accesses  the  same  iot  device  via  the  same  gateway.  this  type  of  access  control  system  preserves  the  device  policies  and  the
__label__situationalsurveillance users  preferences  from  tampering  and  gives  the  whole  environment  a  nonrepudiation  feature  without  a  ttp.  it  is,  therefore,  evident  that  one  of  the  main  objectives  of  companies  is  to  merge  the  bc  technology  and  iotin  particular,  to  enable  companies  to  share  iot  data  in  a  secure,  efficient,  and  costefficient  manner.  ibm  developed  a  distributed  infrastructure  that  perfectly  matches  the  iot  by  combining  bc  technology  with  bittorrent  and  a  messaging  protocol  called  telehash.  the  proposed  system  is  called  adept,  and  it  uses  three  different  technologies  to  solve  both  technical  and  economic  issues  for  the  iot.  brody  et  al.  imagined  a  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance world  where  hundreds  of  billions  of  devices  may,  in  the  future,  be  connected  to  a  single  bc  or  a  network  of  chains,  communicating  with  each  other  through  automated  operations.  to  do  that,  there  is  the  need  to  develop  a  platform  that  maintains  intelligence  at  a  devicelevel  and  can  work  without  the  manufacturers  constant  attention  and  maintenance.  the  reason  to  use  bc  technology,  according  to  ibm,  is  the  idea  of  how  this  architecture  could  change  business  models  for  the  iot.  these  architectures  can  create  new  business  models  to  share,  in  any  situation,  not  just  data  but  computational  power,  bandwidth,  or  even
__label__situationalsurveillance electrical  power  through  bc  instructions.  moreover,  ibm,  in  collaboration  with  30  other  banking  and  it  companies,  wants  to  develop  a  bc  of  their  own.  it  will  be  called  hyperledger  .  hyperledger  is  a  software  san  francisco,  ca,  united  states  that  aims  to  create  a  scalable  bc,  allowing  organizations  to  do  business  with  anyone  without  the  need  for  mutual  trust.  hyperledger  wants  to  go  where  bc  has  not  yet  arrived,  by  adding  to  the  classic  bc  features  new  processes  for  more  accurate  verification  of  the  identity  of  the  involved  people.  fabric,  which  was  previously  an  ibm  project  called  open  bc,  became
__label__situationalsurveillance the  first  project  incubated  in  hyperledger  and  its  name  was  changed  to  fabric  .  fabric  implements  the  technology  of  bc  in  a  very  flexible  way,  and,  according  to  the  authors,  the  same  bitcoin  could  be  obtained  using  fabric  as  a  simple  specialization.  it  can  host  contracts  written  in  any  development  language.  three  main  architectural  concepts  are  quite  typical  for  any  distributed  ledger  technology  i  the  ledger  :  a  universal  register  that  contains  the  system  status  and  transactions.  it  is  organized  as  cryptographically  linked  blocks;  ii  the  transaction  :  a  request  to  perform  a  function  on  the  ledger.  the  function  is
__label__situationalsurveillance implemented  by  an  executable  code  called  chaincode  smart  contract;  iii  the  chaincode  :  code  that  implements  a  function  that  can  alter  the  state  of  the  system.  the  chaincode  is  also  stored  on  the  ledger.  hyperledger  bc  counts  three  main  modules,  namely:  i  membership  handling  tasks  about  identity  registration  and  management;  ii  bc  and  transactions  that  are  the  cores  of  the  system.  these  modules  manage  all  the  bc  services  like  consensus  algorithms,  distributed  ledger,  storage  management,  and  communication  p2p  protocol  grcp  or  restdeprecated;  and  iii  chaincode  that  is  the  business  logic.  chaincode  is  executed  when  transactions  are  submitted  and  validated.  hyperledger,
__label__situationalsurveillance furthermore,  has  different  projects  besides  fabric.  some  of  these  are  sawtooth  lake  and  iroha  .  in  comparison  to  fabric  that  i  is  written  in  go,  ii  makes  use  of  grpc  apis  and  provides  support  for  a  java  chaincode,  b  chaintool,  and  c  a  client  sdk  for  node.js,  sawtooth  lake  is  written  in  python  and  uses  rest  apis.  the  most  interesting  implementation  proposed  is  the  new  consensus  algorithm  called  poet.  iroha  is  inspired  by  fabric.  it  is  written  in  c  language  and  leverages  on  grpc  and  rest  apis  as  well.  another  opensource  framework  focusing  on  iot,  which  is  having  an  impact
__label__situationalsurveillance on  the  cryptocurrency  world,  is  iota  .  iota  is  a  cryptocurrency  specified  for  micropayments.  iota  is  not  based  on  the  traditional  bc  technology,  but  it  exploits  tangle,  which  is  a  bc  without  blocks  and  miners.  in  other  words,  iota  leverages  on  an  acyclic  graph.  this  solution  makes  the  system  highly  scalable.  furthermore,  iota  is  an  asynchronous  network  that  does  not  need  mining,  and  thus  it  is  a  system  with  zero  transaction  fees.  in  case  of  conflict,  a  node  can  decide  which  transaction  should  be  approved.  transactions  are  not  approved  in  blocks  but  individually.  authors  in  propose  the  first  part  of
__label__situationalsurveillance all  the  hybridiot  platform.  the  platform  consists  of  two  parts:  i  generation  of  multiple  pow  bcs,  and  ii  creation  of  bft  framework  to  integrate  bcs  created  in  i  so  that  they  can  interoperate.  the  subbcs  are  generated  based  on  rules  called  sweetspot  guidelines.  the  sweetspot  guidelines  enable  the  scaling  of  the  bc.  the  flow  of  the  transaction  is  as  follows:  transaction  on  pow  based  subbcs  are  accepted  after  a  pow  consensus.  inter  subbc  transactions  are  executed  by  the  bft  interconnector  framework.  after  validation  of  transaction  correctness  and  authenticity,  the  bft  interconnector  framework  sends  the  transaction  to  target  subbc  for  consensus.
__label__situationalsurveillance moreover,  by  maintaining  low  latency  in  the  transmission  of  interblockchain  transactions,  the  bft  interconnector  framework  allows  the  connection  of  a  new  subblockchain  without  deferring  application  execution.  chakraborty  et  al.  in  propose  a  twolayered  architecture  to  handle  security  to  resourceconstrained  iot  nodes.  the  layer  0  consists  of  a  node  not  capable  of  enforcing  security  primitives  due  to  resource  constraints  while  level  n  consists  of  primary  and  secondary  nodes  where  primary  nodes  handle  the  processing  and  secondary  nodes  assist  the  primary  nodes.  the  inability  of  layer  0  nodes  to  enforce  security  prevents  them  from  communicating  with  other  layer  0  nodes  directly.  it
__label__situationalsurveillance is  possible  only  via  other  higher  level  nodes  capable  of  enforcing  security.  this  feature  of  preventing  direct  communication  between  resourcelimited  nodes  is  extended  beyond  layer  0.  alphand  et  al.  in  propose  an  iot  security  management  platform  called  iotchain.  it  is  composed  of  two  components:  i  an  authorization  bc  based  on  ace  framework,  and  ii  the  oscar  object  security  model  modified  with  a  group  key  scheme.  the  bc  provides  a  flexible  and  trustless  way  to  handle  authorization  while  oscar  uses  the  public  ledger  to  set  up  multicast  groups  for  authorized  clients.  english  et  al.  in  demonstrate  the  contribution  of  bc  technologies
__label__situationalsurveillance in  realizing  a  robust  semantic  web,  and  how  this  robust  semantic  web  can  strengthen  the  bc  in  return.  the  authors  propose  a  framework  for  improving  the  bc.  the  authors  first  demonstrate  the  model  of  a  bc  based  uri  naming  scheme  that  positions  the  rdf  data  model.  they  then  describe  the  composition  of  an  extensible  ontology  for  bcs.  korpela  et  al.  in  investigate  the  requirements  and  functionalities  of  supply  chain  integration.  cloud  integration  can  be  expected  to  offer  a  costeffective  business  model  for  interoperable  digital  supply  chains.  the  authors  explain  how  supply  chain  integration  through  the  bc  technology  can  achieve  disruptive
__label__situationalsurveillance transformation  in  digital  supply  chains  and  networks.  guan  et  al.  in  try  to  address  the  side  channel  attack  where  an  adversary  may  track  the  application  usage  patterns  by  analyzing  the  users  electricity  consumption  profile  or  ambient  light  inside  the  house  profile.  the  adversary  may  plan  his/her  attack  based  on  these  profiles.  authors  propose  a  privacypreserving  and  efficient  data  aggregation  scheme.  private  bc  is  used  to  store  the  data  of  members  of  a  group.  this  preserves  the  privacy  between  groups.  for  privacy  protection  within  groups,  pseudonym  approach  user  with  multiple  accounts  is  used.  authors  have  also  proposed  the  use  of  bloom
__label__situationalsurveillance filters  for  fast  authentication.  mettler  in  reports  the  influence  of  bc  on  the  pharmaceutical  sector  outlining  the  influences,  goals,  and  potentials  of  bc.  the  author  surveys  various  applications  of  bc  in  the  healthcare  industry.  bc  can  resolve  problems  like  public  health  management,  useroriented  medical  research  based  on  personal  patient  data  as  well  as  drug  counterfeiting  by  eliminating  the  need  for  intermediaries.  ruta  et  al.  in  propose  a  novel  serviceoriented  architecture  soa  based  on  a  semantic  bc  for  registration,  discovery,  selection  and  payment.  such  operations  are  implemented  as  smart  contracts,  allowing  distributed  execution  and  trust.  the  authors  also  reported  experiments  to
__label__situationalsurveillance assess  the  early  evaluation  of  the  proposal.  the  authors  define  a  semantic  resource/service  discovery  layer  on  a  bc.  the  elementary  tasks  like  registration,  discovery  are  accomplished  via  smart  contracts.  the  assets  are  semantically  annotated  and  can  be  transferred  by  agents  on  the  bc  identified  by  their  public  keys.  the  semantic  property  of  the  transactions  does  not  affect  the  consensus.  the  authors  also  integrate  semantic  matching  for  resource  discovery.  over  the  next  decade,  with  rapid  deployment  of  iot  solutions,  more  than  75  billion  devices  will  be  connected  to  each  other  interacting  in  various  manners  .  the  sheer  volume  of  data  generated
__label__situationalsurveillance by  such  devices  and  its  influence  on  the  future  of  our  society  will  lead  to  substantial  business  opportunities  worth  tens  of  billions  over  the  next  few  years.  a  significant  obstacle  to  big  data  vision  is  the  creation  of  data  silos  where  a  majority  of  data,  generated  by  the  smart  environment,  remains  locked.  data  silos  are  characterized  by  a  closed  environment  with  little  to  no  sharing  with  outside.  this  often  leads  to  99  of  unused  data  that,  if  allowed  to  flow  freely,  could  potentially  contain  precious  information  .  a  solution  can  be  trading  of  data,  leading  to  innovation  for  companies  and
__label__situationalsurveillance generation  of  entirely  new  revenue  streams  of  data  that  would  otherwise  remain  unused.  thus,  we  will  enter  into  an  era  of  machine  economy  where  everything  from  sensor  data  to  electricity  and  analytics  to  storage  will  be  traded.  a  data  marketplace  or  data  market  is  a  pivotal  element  of  the  machine  economy.  data  marketplaces  are  online  stores,  typically  offering  data  from  different  sources  and  markets.  usual  data  sources  include  advertising,  personal  information,  business  intelligence,  research  and  market,  and  demographics.  data  vendors  may  offer  different  data  types  like  mixed  or  structured  and  may  even  provide  data  in  customized  formats  to  individual  clients.
__label__situationalsurveillance clients  of  such  data  sources  can  include  institutions  like  market  intelligence  agencies,  businesses,  government,  and  analysts.  in  the  following  section,  we  discuss  some  of  the  data  marketplaces  based  on  bc.  summarizes  the  main  aspects  of  significant  data  marketplace  platforms.  data  marketplace  platforms.  tangle,  based  on  iotas  data  marketplace,  solves  critical  problems,  namely:  realtime  micropayment,  and  lack  of  ensured  authenticity  and  provenance.  both  the  problems  are  addressed  by  making  validation  an  intrinsic  property  of  the  network.  this  also  results  in  a  network  being  entirely  decentralized  in  contrast  to  bc  architectures  which  are  centralized  around  miningpools.  wibson  is  another  decentralized  data  marketplace
__label__situationalsurveillance that  solves  the  problem  of  control  over  personal  information,  financially  incentivizing  the  personal  information  at  the  same  time.  various  principles  of  control  over  personal  information,  fairness,  transparency,  censorship  resistance,  and  anonymity  are  at  the  core  of  wibson.  the  raiblocks  xbr  project  aims  at  monetizing  the  access  to  data  services  via  apis.  the  payments  for  the  access  are  made  using  an  xbr  cryptographic  token  based  on  the  ethereum  bc.  databroker  dao  is  a  peertopeer  data  marketplace  to  buy  and  sell  sensor  data.  based  on  the  ethereum  network,  it  uses  smart  contracts  and  its  dtx  tokens  for  a  transaction.  its  opensource  databroker
__label__situationalsurveillance dao  api  handles  access  to  the  data  and  authorization  and  is  called  dapi.  datum,  based  on  smart  contracts  and  bc,  enables  users  to  store  structured  data  securely.  using  the  dat  token,  it  is  also  possible  for  the  user  to  buy  and  sell  the  stored  data.  datum  achieves  scalability  by  leveraging  bigchaindb  and  ipfs.  weeve  envisions  the  evolution  of  the  iot  into  the  economy  of  things  having  an  unfalsifiable,  scalable  and  secure  data  marketplace  supported  by  its  platform.  the  marketplace  enables  iot  devices  to  index,  process,  and  trade  digital  assets  in  a  verifiable  manner.  when  we  talk  about  bc,  we  immediately
__label__situationalsurveillance think  about  bitcoin.  for  this  reason,  we  use  bitcoin  as  a  reference  example.  it  is  clear  that  the  problems  that  bitcoin  suffers  from  could  be  the  same  for  the  other  blockchainbased  system.  the  first  question  is:  what  will  happen  if  the  number  of  nodes  taking  part  in  the  bc  network  decrease?  if  no  clients  join  the  network,  the  bitcoin  network  perishes,  as  the  bitcoin  network  is  alive  only  if  there  are  nodes  online.  therefore,  elimination  of  the  bitcoin  network  is  possible  in  the  case  of  a  global  blackout  of  the  internet.  thus,  it  may  be  inferred  that  it  is  a
__label__situationalsurveillance very  improbable  outcome  that  the  bitcoin  network  fails  because,  firstly,  the  bitcoin  as  a  cryptocurrency  is  having  tremendous  global  success,  thus  people  have  no  reason  whatsoever  to  abandon  the  network,  quite  the  opposite,  given  the  incentives,  and,  secondly,  a  global  and  permanent  internet  blackout,  or  even  an  extensive  enough  partition,  has  next  to  zero  probability  of  becoming  reality.  however,  the  number  of  nodes  in  the  bitcoin  network  is  decreasing,  and  the  reason  is  located  within  technical  aspects.  the  first  one  is  the  size  of  the  bc.  this  size  is  increasing  day  by  day.  today,  the  whole  bc  weighs  around  120
__label__situationalsurveillance gb,  and  this  makes  hard  to  be  a  full  node  of  the  chain  for  users  having  a  general  purpose  personal  computer.  moreover,  the  bitcoin  block  size  is  1  mb  for  security  reasons,  and  thus,  it  can  contain  around  1700  transactions.  considering  that  the  time  to  add  a  new  block  to  the  chain  is  on  average  10  minutes,  we  have  in  the  best  case  seven  transactions  per  second  .  this  number  is  extremely  little  if  compared  to  the  visa  system  dozens  of  thousands.  this  little  number  of  transactions  per  second  can  make  the  delay  considerable  hours  or  days  for  a  single
__label__situationalsurveillance payment.  if  these  problems  remain  unsolved,  this  cryptocurrency  will  become  useless.  adopted  solutions  are:  i  to  reduce  the  size  of  each  block  by  separating  the  data  related  to  the  digital  signature,  or  ii  to  increase  the  block  size  thus  increasing  the  number  of  transactions  per  block.  although  the  latter  solution  may  seem  to  solve  the  problem,  it  instead  will  introduce  another  one:  the  bigger  the  block  size,  the  greater  the  computational  power  needed  to  mine  a  block.  therefore,  the  number  of  full  nodes  could  continue  to  decrease  consequently,  negatively  affecting  the  distributed  nature  of  the  bc  system.  for  these  reasons,
__label__situationalsurveillance private  bcs  are  catching  on.  instead  of  having  a  public  and  uncontrolled  network,  it  is  possible  to  create  a  system  where  the  access  permissions  are  strictly  controlled.  in  such  a  network,  only  some  users  have  the  right  to  read  or  modify  the  chain.  the  basic  idea  of  a  fully  decentralized  system  fails  in  this  case,  especially  if  these  private  chains  are  controlled  by  big  companies  or  banks.  this  is  not  only  a  financial  problem,  and  it  goes  beyond  the  bitcoin  system.  the  smart  contracts  open  new  futuristic  perspectives:  in  the  future,  an  individual  may  decide  to  rent  a  car  or
__label__situationalsurveillance a  house  using  cryptocurrency  like  bitcoin  or  others  such  as  litecoin  and  ethereum.  assuming  that  the  tenant  and  individual  that  wants  to  rent  the  asset  for  example  a  home  stipulated  a  smart  contract  previously,  the  individual  could  send  coins  to  the  smart  contract  that  in  turn  enables  the  individuals  private  cryptokey  to  unlock  the  door  for  a  period  specified  within  the  contract.  if  the  individual  does  not  send  coins  periodically  to  the  smart  contract,  this  can  automatically  remove  the  validity  of  the  cryptokey,  disabling  user  access  to  the  houses  door.  with  the  increase  in  tokens,  investors,  users,  and  other  entities,
__label__situationalsurveillance bc  is  facing  the  issue  of  scalability.  scalability,  as  a  challenge,  can  be  observed  concerning  data  size,  response  time,  and  cost.  rapid  adoption  of  bc  technology  increased  the  number  of  transactions.  with  a  gas  limit  on  the  block,  the  number  of  transactions  that  can  be  included  in  the  block  is  limited.  with  limited  block  size,  the  wait  time  for  the  addition  of  transaction  to  the  bc  increases.  in  addition,  to  handle  the  increased  traffic  caused  by  more  users  and  more  transactions,  more  nodes  are  needed  to  process  them,  thereby  increasing  the  cost.  various  techniques  are  proposed  to  address  the  problem
__label__situationalsurveillance of  scalability  like  segwit,  block  size  increase,  sharding,  pos,  off  chain  state  channels,  and  plasma.  a  lot  of  research  still  needs  to  be  done  to  propose  a  comprehensive  solution.  in  light  of  the  above,  are  we  sure  that  these  technologies  and  their  features  are  the  panaceas  for  every  problem?  we  must  be  careful  in  managing  the  power  of  the  technology  because  what  we  think  to  be  utopia  could  easily  become  dystopia  and  the  boundary  between  them  is  very  thin.  if  on  the  one  hand,  the  smart  contract  automatizes,  in  a  secure  manner,  transactions  among  individuals,  on  the  other  hand,  it
__label__situationalsurveillance could  be  a  very  strict  instrument  that  removing  the  third  party  entity  eliminates  the  only  entity  able  to  protect  human  rights.  this  is  because  everything  is  managed  automatically  with  the  help  of  smart  contracts  and  autonomously  interacting  with  the  iot.  therefore,  this  technology,  born  free  from  the  trust  in  central  entities,  could  make  companies,  banks  or  governments  stronger  than  in  the  past,  ignoring  actors  that  could  take  care  of  the  citizens  rights.  thus,  a  decentralization  technology  could  be  transformed  into  a  means  to  exert  centralized  control  nonetheless.  an  iot  ecosystem  has  numerous  vulnerabilities  concerning  confidentiality,  privacy,  and  data  integrity.  for
__label__situationalsurveillance this  reason,  the  researchers  and  developers  of  the  ict  sector  decided  to  integrate  security  by  design  technology  within  an  environment  such  that  iot  overcomes  the  limitations.  bc,  being  one  such  technology,  grants  authenticity,  nonrepudiation,  and  integrity  by  default,  and  utilizing  smart  contracts,  manages  authorization  and  automation  of  transactions  as  well.  in  our  survey,  we  i  considered  different  application  areas,  organizing  the  available  literature  in  these  fields,  ii  presented  two  usage  patterns  that  are:  device  manipulation  and  data  management  open  marketplace  solution,  and  iii  discussed  the  development  level  of  some  of  the  presented  solutions.  in  our  opinion,  there  are  many  possibilities
__label__situationalsurveillance for  future  research  paths.  we  believe  that,  in  an  era  characterized  by  the  pervasive  use  of  smart  devices  and  production  of  the  enormous  amount  of  data  big  data,  the  primary  two  necessities  are:  i  development  of  a  solution  to  grant  data  privacy  and  integrity;  and  ii  design  of  system  able  to  manage  the  unique  identity  of  devices  in  a  tamperproof  manner.  as  per  the  paper  scope  distribution,  we  see  that  the  research  in  the  direction  of  iot  and  bc  is  in  an  early  phase.  a  lot  of  research  needs  to  be  done  in  specific  domains  like  smart  energy  and  smart
__label__situationalsurveillance manufacturing.  being  in  the  initial  phase,  very  little  research  is  done  with  addressing  the  problem  of  scalability  of  the  bc  solution.  research  is  being  carried  out  regarding  consensus  protocols  to  enable  the  scalability  of  the  integration.  from  the  distribution,  we  can  see  that  a  lot  of  research  has  been  carried  out  in  the  field  of  smart  homes  and  smart  cities.  the  next  logical  step  lies  in  breaking  down  the  most  widely  adopted  platforms  in  selfcontained  subsystems,  and  then  building  fullfeatured  stacks  from  standardized/pluggable  components.  in  addition,  protection  against  innovative  attacks  like  side  channel  analysis  can  be  an  interesting  venture.  another
__label__situationalsurveillance interesting  research  direction  can  be  the  application  of  bc  to  solve  the  problem  of  data  exchange  and  trading.  with  the  ubiquity  of  iot  devices  and  increasing  production  of  data,  attempts  have  started  to  monetize  the  data  giving  birth  to  the  machine  economy.  bc  can  streamline  the  negotiation  processes,  eliminating  the  need  for  a  trusted  intermediary.  conceptualization,  g.m.  and  f.l.;  formal  analysis,  n.t.;  investigation,  a.p.  and  n.t.;  methodology,  g.m.;  project  administration,  f.l.;  supervision,  a.p.;  visualization,  a.p.;  writingoriginal  draft,  a.p.  and  n.t.;  writingreview  editing,  g.m.  and  f.l.  and  a.p.  this  research  received  no  external  funding.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__situationalsurveillance we  use  cookies  to  deliver  the  best  possible  experience  on  our  website.  to  learn  more,  visit  our  .  by  continuing  to  use  this  site,  or  closing  this  box,  you  consent  to  our  use  of  cookies.  outdoor  surveillance  cameras  will  be  the  largest  market  for  iot  solutions  worldwide  over  the  next  three  years,  according  to  gartner,  inc.  these  cameras  will  represent  70  of  the  5g  iot  endpoint  installed  base  in  2020,  before  contracting  to  32  by  the  end  of  2023.  5g  iot  installed  endpoints  for  outdoor  surveillance  cameras  will  reach  2.5  million  in  2020,  6.2  million  units  in  2021  and  11.2
__label__situationalsurveillance million  units  in  2022,  but  will  be  surpassed  by  connected  cars  in  2023.  cameras  deployed  by  city  operators  or  used  to  ensure  building  security  and  provide  intruder  detection  offer  the  largest  addressable  market  as  they  are  located  outdoors,  often  across  cities,  and  require  cellular  connectivity,  said  ,  senior  research  director  at  gartner.  gartner  predicts  that  the  5g  iot  endpoint  installed  base  will  more  than  triple  between  2020  and  2021,  from  3.5  million  units  in  2020  to  11.3  million  units  in  2021.  by  2023,  the  5g  iot  endpoint  installed  base  will  approach  49  million  units  see  table  1.  5g  capabilities  open
__label__situationalsurveillance up  new  enterprise  market  opportunities,  so  communications  service  providers  csps  need  to  assess  the  many  use  cases  with  a  view  to  prioritizing  investment  in  the  building  of  iot  solutions.  their  investments  should  focus  on  outdoor  surveillance  cameras,  connected  cars,  and  government  and  physical  security,  said  ms.  baghdassarian.  connected  cars  embedded  consumer  and  commercial  393  11  19,087  39  outdoor  surveillance  cameras  2,482  70  15,762  32  fleet  telematics  devices  135  4  5,146  11  invehicle  toll  devices  50  1  1,552  3  emergency  services  61  2  1,181  2  others  400  11  5,863  12  due  to  rounding,  figures  may  not  add  up  precisely  to  the
__label__situationalsurveillance totals  shown  source:  gartner  october  2019  in  2023,  the  automotive  industry  will  become  the  largest  market  opportunity  for  5g  iot  solutions.  it  will  represent  53  of  the  overall  5g  iot  endpoint  opportunity  in  that  year.  within  the  automotive  sector,  embedded  connectedcar  modules  are  the  major  use  case  for  5g.  embedded  endpoints  in  connected  cars  for  commercial  and  consumer  markets  will  represent  an  installed  base  of  19.1  million  units  out  of  a  total  of  25.9  million  5g  endpoints  in  the  automotive  sector  in  2023.  the  addressable  market  for  embedded  5g  connections  in  connected  cars  is  growing  faster  than  the  overall  growth
__label__situationalsurveillance in  the  5g  iot  sector,  said  ms.  baghdassarian.  commercial  and  consumer  connectedcar  embedded  5g  endpoints  will  represent  11  of  all  5g  endpoints  installed  in  2020,  and  this  figure  will  reach  39  by  the  end  of  2023.  in  addition,  the  share  of  5gconnected  cars  actively  connected  to  a  5g  service  will  grow  from  15  in  2020  to  74  in  2023.  this  figure  will  reach  94  in  2028,  when  5g  technology  will  be  used  for  cellular  v2x  communications  that  enable  messages  to  be  sent  and  received  within  vehicles  and  between  vehicles,  infrastructure,  pedestrians,  cyclists  and  more.  ultimately,  connected  cars  actively  connected  to
__label__situationalsurveillance a  5g  service  will  help  keep  traffic  moving  and  improve  road  safety.  as  the  automotive  industry  will  be  the  largest  sector  for  iot  endpoints  and  5g  iot  use  cases  in  the  long  term,  we  recommend  that  csps  that  want  to  be  relevant  in  the  5g  iot  market  put  this  industry  at  the  forefront  of  their  investments.  they  should  do  this  in  terms  of  personnel  who  understand  the  sector  and  of  partnerships  that  will  move  the  market  forward,  said  ms.  baghdassarian.  gartner  clients  can  read  more  in  the  report  gartner,  inc.  nyse:  it,  is  the  worlds  leading  research  and  advisory  company
__label__situationalsurveillance and  a  member  of  the  sp  500.  we  equip  business  leaders  with  indispensable  insights,  advice  and  tools  to  achieve  their  missioncritical  priorities  today  and  build  the  successful  organizations  of  tomorrow.  our  unmatched  combination  of  expertled,  practitionersourced  and  datadriven  research  steers  clients  toward  the  right  decisions  on  the  issues  that  matter  most.we  are  a  trusted  advisor  and  objective  resource  formore  than  15,000  organizations  in  more  than  100  countries  across  all  major  functions,  in  every  industry  and  enterprise  size.  to  learn  more  about  how  we  help  decision  makers  fuel  the  future  of  business,  visit  .  gartner  2019gartner,  inc.  and/or  its  affiliates.  all
__label__situationalsurveillance numbers,  facts  and  trends  shaping  your  world  follow  the  rss  feed  for  this  page:  pew  research  center  is  a  nonpartisan  fact  tank  that  informs  the  public  about  the  issues,  attitudes  and  trends  shaping  the  world.  it  conducts  public  opinion  polling,  demographic  research,  media  content  analysis  and  other  empirical  social  science  research.  pew  research  center  does  not  take  policy  positions.  it  is  a  subsidiary  of  .  to  complete  the  subscription  process,  please  click  the  link  in  the  email  we  just  sent  you.
__label__situationalsurveillance recaptcha  youre  not  going  to  hit  a  ridiculously  long  phone  menu  when  you  call  us.  your  email  isnt  going  to  the  inbox  abyss,  never  to  be  seen  or  heard  from  again.  at  existek,  we  provide  the  exceptional  service  and  communication  wed  want  to  experience  ourselves  tell  us  about  your  needs  required  fields.
__label__situationalsurveillance refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  it  is  hard  to  overestimate  the  place  of  iot  in  healthcare  these  days.  smart  devices,  wearables,  and  the  overall  level  of  connectivity  and  innovations  in  modern  medical  equipment  have  changed  the  industry  forever.  and  definitely  for  the  better.  in  this  piece,  youll  find  a  comprehensive  answer  to  the  majority  of  questions  you  can  have  about  the  state  of  iot  in  healthcare  in  2019.  to  say  that  modern  medicine  is  striving  would  be  a  moderate  expression.  the  progress  accelerates  every  day  without  any  remorse,
__label__situationalsurveillance transforming  all  known  medical  practices.  global  healthcare  evolves  based  on  the  latest  achievements  of  the  planets  greatest  minds  and  amazing  prospects  of  autonomous,  selflearning  tech  solutions.  along  with  such  rapid  development,  however,  comes  a  strict  necessity  to  keep  up  with  the  pace.  the  good  thing  is  that  all  medical  fields  are  either  looking  to  or  already  go  hand  in  hand  with  advanced  technologies  from  diagnostics  to  therapeutics,  from  pediatrics  to  complex  surgery.  technologies  are  numerous  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  you  name  it.  but  what  particular  tech  concept  or  combination  of  concepts  can  provide  sufficient  monitoring  and  managing  powers  such  an
__label__situationalsurveillance evergrowing,  global  niche  requires?  the  answer  may  be  found  in  the  internet  of  things  or  iot.  despite  the  concepts  relatively  young  age,  its  already  become  closely  entangled  with  healthcare.  so  much  that  its  commonly  coined  as  the  internet  of  medical  things.  extensive  centralization  and  interconnection  capacities  the  iot  tech  provides  are  difficult  to  overestimate.  it  brings  health  monitoring,  remote  treatment,  hospital  physical  and  digital  infrastructure  organization  to  a  whole  new  level.  but  lets  ponder  on  iot  powers  in  healthcare  in  a  bit  more  detail.  the  internet  of  things  allows  setting  up  a  centralized  network  of  interconnected  devices  that  can  generate
__label__situationalsurveillance and  exchange  data  within  a  single  framework.  all  that  data  can  also  be  tracked  and  gathered  in  real  time,  which  provides  a  passive  accumulation  of  analytics  materials.  in  terms  of  enhancement  for  medical  facilities,  this  means  that  a  regular  hospital  can  be  turned  into  a  smart  hospital.  it  is  an  advanced  facility  where  everything  is  tracked  and  managed  simultaneously  while  all  the  data  is  collected  in  a  centralized  database.  such  tech  features  open  a  myriad  of  possibilities  to  improve  the  convenience,  efficiency,  and  even  budgetsaving  options  of  modern  hospitals.  the  advantages  of  iot  applications  in  healthcare  dont  end  there.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance technology  has  a  very  diverse  field  of  application  in  medicine.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  major  implementations.  in  2018,  nhs  england  an  executive  nondepartmental  public  body  of  the  department  of  health  and  social  care  that  its  willing  to  support  a  remote  diabetes  treatment  solution.  the  statement  was  made  on  world  diabetes  day  2018.  the  solution  is  a  continuous  glucose  monitor  cgm.  a  device  that  is  the  size  of  a  penny  which  monitors  blood  glucose  level  nonstop  after  its  inserted  in  a  patients  arm.  the  monitoring  data  can  be  easily  accessed  via  your  android  or  ios  device.  massmarket  instances  of
__label__situationalsurveillance such  products  are  and  .  such  smart  health  monitoring  devices  bring  huge  value  to  the  research  and  treatment  of  diabetics.  the  eversense  continuous  glucose  monitoring  sensor  can  be  implanted  in  the  patients  arm  and  lasts  up  to  90  days.  and  in  many  other  cases,  remote  capabilities  also  called  telehealth  may  make  the  need  to  visit  your  local  hospital  practically  obsolete.  an  excellent  resolution  for  patients  suffering  from  mobility  issues.  going  deeper  into  the  remote  subject,  the  iot  network  can  connect  and  track  practically  any  sensor  inserted  into  a  human  body  for  medical  purposes.  this  will  help  prevent  cardiac  arrests  from
__label__situationalsurveillance infobionic,  all  sorts  of  seizures,  and  provide  medical  help  for  critical  patients  just  in  time.  infobionics  wearable  cardinal  tracker  streams  ecg  and  motion  data  to  the  doctor  in  real  time.  the  world  health  organization  in  2003  to  find  out  that  about  50  percent  of  prescribed  medicines  arent  taken  the  right  way  or  completely  ignored.  a  prominent  example  of  resolving  this  issue  is  the  ingestible  sensors  solution  developed  by  proteus.  these  tiny  sensors  take  place  of  a  prescription  and  send  a  signal  a  receiving  device  upon  dissolution  in  the  stomach.  an  amazing  advanced  creation,  smart  pills  will  surely  help  reduce  the
__label__situationalsurveillance rates  of  incorrect,  senseless  consumption  of  highly  important  medical  prescriptions.  now,  this  is  what  one  can  call  a  truly  advanced  drug  management.  while  being  an  advanced  piece  of  medical  technology,  porteus  smart  pills  have  the  same  tiny  size  as  the  actual  pills.  there  are  also  smart  pills  that  feature  tiny  cameras,  which  allow  conveniently  visualizing  the  inside  environment  of  ones  organism.  from  medtronic  is  one  example.  also  called  ,  its  the  way  of  watching  and  taking  care  of  ones  health  via  mobile  can  be  a  true  lifesaver  for  modern  patients,  practically  all  of  whom  use  smartphones  regularly.  mobile  health  is
__label__situationalsurveillance an  emerging  field  that  contributes  heavily  to  both  critical  medical  situations  and  regular  treatment  instances.  as  weve  already  mentioned  in  the  remote  patient  monitoring  section,  mobile  apps  can  serve  as  the  management  means  for  health  tracking  devices.  in  the  image  above,  this  is  only  a  small  portion  of  startups  who  are  trying  to  gain  market  share  with  their  mobile  app.  source:  such  apps  can  be  used  as  your  fullblown  healthcare  hub  where  you  can  access  valuable  medical  info,  analyze  your  organism  behavior  trends,  manage  other  bodyinserted  iot  sensors,  and  contact  your  doctor  with  a  single  tap.  this  is  an  especially
__label__situationalsurveillance valuable  solution  for  underdeveloped  countries  of  the  world  where  people  cant  afford  regular  visits  to  hospitals  yet,  most  probably,  have  smartphones.  and  governments,  in  turn,  get  a  capability  to  see  how  the  population  is  doing  in  terms  of  health,  accumulating  massive  statistics.  there  are  many  apps  already  available  on  the  market,  ranging  in  functionality  and  purpose:  the  list  may  go  on.  you  can  check  it  all  out  yourself  on  your  oscompatible  mobile  application  market.  the  dissatisfaction  with  flawed,  difficulttomanage  hospital  infrastructures  is  a  common  issue  of  a  vast  majority  of  the  planets  countries  even  the  developed  ones.  colossal  loads  of
__label__situationalsurveillance paperwork,  long  and  frustrating  lines,  and  working  overload  most  nurses  and  doctors  experience  this  is  where  the  problem  stems.  practically  all  such  situations  can  be  turned  around  with  the  integration  of  iot  solutions.  huge,  cumbersome  paper  registers  can  be  replaced  with  an  automated,  centralized  database,  which  can  be  additionally  enhanced  in  terms  of  reliability  with  blockchain  and  smart  contracts;  a  single  management  system  can  receive  submissions,  help  optimally  control  queues,  and  track  staff  members  via  their  smartphones;  all  the  equipment  can  also  be  remotely  monitored  and  managed  e.g.,  shut  down  in  unprecedented  cases.  such  innovations  can  help  greatly  reduce  inhouse
__label__situationalsurveillance costs  for  hospitals,  preserve  forests,  and  make  both  patients  and  medical  staffs  lives  easier.  the  overall  productivity  will  also  increase  due  to  the  automated  smart  solutions  capability  to  immediately  recognize  health  issues  which  would  otherwise  take  months  of  live  doctor  diagnostics.  with  iotpowered  wearables,  sensors,  data  analytics,  and  mobile  opportunities,  battling  chronic  diseases  become  more  efficient  and  accessible.  the  thing  is,  recurring  health  issues  must  be  monitored  and  analyzed  over  long  periods  of  time.  that  way,  trends  in  the  disease  fluctuations  can  be  defined  and  juxtaposed  in  order  to  be  most  efficiently  treated.  all  that  tech  allows  doing  just  that,
__label__situationalsurveillance with  many  additional  capabilities  provided  by  the  integration  of  blockchain  and  ai  on  top  of  that.  this  is  very  important  when  it  comes  to  health  issues  as  difficult  to  understand  and  underexplored  as  the  chronic  ones.  as  much  as  the  internet  of  medical  things  seems  to  be  revolutionary  and  highlyefficient,  there  are  still  some  major  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare  this  tech  concept  must  overcome  down  the  road.  with  large,  gamechanging  integrations  such  as  this  one,  there  comes  along  a  myriad  of  technical  difficulties  and  adaptation  issues.  the  main  include:  considering  the  abovementioned  challenges  of  iot  in  healthcare,  there  are,
__label__situationalsurveillance indeed,  downsides  as  well  as  benefits  when  it  comes  to  the  medical  iot.  the  allconsuming  connection  of  health  devices  and  data  centralization  brings  many  significant  benefits  to  the  table,  such  as:  alternatively,  some  downsides  that  come  along  with  the  massive  implementation  of  the  iot  in  healthcare  include:  in  2019,  there  can  be  defined  several  iomt  trends  implemented  by  majorities  of  startups  worldwide.  fullblown  smart  hospitals  by  2020,  mhealth  as  a  regular,  common  thing  on  a  global  scale,  and  reduced  physical  visits  to  hospitals  this  is  only  an  approximate  picture  of  the  iomt  success.  with  that  being  said,  as  young  as
__label__situationalsurveillance the  concept  is,  it  isnt  really  regarded  to  be  that  novel  by  progressive  hospitals  of  the  now.  most  of  them  are  either  implementing  major  iot  techniques  and  capabilities  or  already  have  enhanced  parts  that  are  in  their  calibration  stage.  it  is  estimated  that  the  install  base  of  iot  devices  in  healthcare  will  be  more  than  161  million  units  by  the  end  of  2020.  source:  business  insider  according  to  some  ,  almost  90  percent  of  healthcare  establishments  and  organization  worldwide  will  be  employing  the  iot  as  a  regular  inhouse  tool  by  the  end  of  2019.  so,  the  now  of  the  healthcare
__label__situationalsurveillance iot  is  pretty  vivid,  with  its  future  looking  even  brighter.  let  us  emphasize  once  more  that  the  iot  can  be  nothing  short  of  a  revolution  in  the  field  as  important  on  the  global  scale  as  healthcare.  there  are  still  many  difficulties,  peculiarities,  and  technological  obstacles  to  overcome.  and  even  though  there  are,  currently,  downsides  as  well  as  advantages  to  the  concept,  things  seem  to  go  very  well  for  this  technological  innovation.  we  are  pretty  confident  that  if  you  ask  most  medical  professionals  about  their  opinion  on  the  subject,  they  will  say  that  full  iomt  integration  and  adaptation  is  the  only
__label__situationalsurveillance logical  way  of  development  for  advanced  medicine  of  the  future.  with  that  being  said,  enjoy  the  lifesaving,  healthimproving  fruits  of  the  massive  technological  progress.  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__situationalsurveillance xplore  depending  on  how  many  of  the  30  billion  devices  forecast  for  global  deployment  by  2020  rely  on  the  cloud,  managing  the  deluge  of  iotgenerated  data  makes  proper  processing  seem  near  impossible.  traditional  cloud  computing  has  serious  disadvantages,  including  ,  performance  issues,  and  growing  operational  costs.  because  most  data  saved  in  the  cloud  has  little  significance  and  is  rarely  used,  it  becomes  a  waste  of  resources  and  storage  space.  in  many  instances,  it  would  be  incredibly  beneficial  to  handle  data  on  the  device  where  its  generated.  thats  where  comes  in.  edge  computing  helps  decentralize  data  processing  and  lower  dependence  on
__label__situationalsurveillance the  cloud.  edge  computing  has  several  advantages,  such  as:  prime  use  cases,  which  take  full  advantage  of  edge  technology,  include:  the  decision  to  stop  for  a  pedestrian  crossing  in  front  of  an  must  be  made  immediately.  relying  on  a  remote  server  to  handle  this  decision  is  not  reasonable.  additionally,  vehicles  that  utilize  edge  technology  can  interact  more  efficiently  because  they  can  communicate  with  each  other  first  as  opposed  to  sending  data  on  accidents,  weather  conditions,  traffic,  or  detours  to  a  remote  server  first.  edge  computing  can  help.  health  monitors  and  other  can  keep  an  eye  on  chronic  conditions  for  patients.
__label__situationalsurveillance it  can  save  lives  by  instantly  alerting  caregivers  when  help  is  required.  additionally,  robots  assisting  in  surgery  must  be  able  to  quickly  analyze  data  in  order  to  assist  safely,  quickly,  and  accurately.  if  these  devices  rely  on  transmitting  data  to  the  cloud  before  making  decisions,  the  results  could  be  fatal.  because  its  necessary  to  respond  to  threats  ,  security  surveillance  systems  can  also  benefit  from  edge  computing  technology.  security  systems  can  identify  potential  threats  and  alert  users  to  unusual  activity  in  realtime.  targeted  ads  and  information  for  retail  organizations  are  based  on  key  parameters,  such  as  demographic  information,  set  on
__label__situationalsurveillance field  devices.  in  this  use  case,  edge  computing  can  help  it  can  encrypt  the  data  and  keep  the  source  rather  than  sending  unprotected  information  to  the  cloud.  smart  speakers  can  gain  the  ability  to  interpret  voice  instructions  locally  in  order  to  run  basic  commands.  turning  lights  on  or  off,  or  adjusting  thermostat  settings,  even  if  internet  connectivity  fails  would  be  possible.  poor  video  quality,  voice  delays,  frozen  screens  a  slow  link  to  the  cloud  can  cause  many  video  conferencing  frustrations.  by  placing  the  serverside  of  video  conferencing  software  closer  to  participants,  quality  problems  can  be  reduced.  although  edge  computing  is
__label__situationalsurveillance a  sensible  alternative  to  cloud  computing  in  many  instances,  theres  always  room  for  improvement.  according  to  ,  a  paper  published  by  ieee  network,  existing  iot  security  protocols  need  improvement.  a  possible  solution  to  better  secure  iotgenerated  data  is  an  iot  management  element  called  the  security  agent.  this  new  piece  would  use  routers  and  other  nearedge  boxes  to  manage  the  computing  the  iot  device  could  not  take  on.  in  addition  to  being  more  secure,  itll  simplify  the  management  of  keys.  the  security  agent  box  has  the  capability  of  running  copious  sensors  that  are  difficult  to  access.  the  researchers  state  that  if
__label__situationalsurveillance the  needed  authentification  is  not  completed  quickly,  iot  applications  will  fail.  designed  for  organizations  investing  heavily  in  this  critical  technology,  is  a  fivecourse  program  designed  to  train  your  entire  team  to  support  edge  computing.  the  online,  ondemand  courses  included  in  this  program  are:  to  learn  more  about  getting  access  to  these  courses  for  your  organization,  .  aleksandrova,  mary.  1  feb  2019.  .  eastern  peak.  nelson,  patrick.  10  jan  2019.  .  network  world.  caulfield,  matt.  23  oct  2018.  .  medium.  talluri,  raj.  24  oct  2017.  .  network  world.  related  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  copyright  ieee
__label__situationalsurveillance by  category  abstract:were  entering  a  new  era  of  computing  technology  that  many  are  calling  the  internet  of  things  iot.  machine  to  machine,  machine  to  infrastructure,  machine  to  environment,  the  internet  of  everything,  the  internet  of  intelligent  things,  intelligent  systemscall  it  what  you  want,  but  its  happening,  and  its  potential  is  huge.  we  see  the  iot  as  billions  of  smart,  connected  things  a  sort  of  universal  global  neural  network  in  the  cloud  that  will  encompass  every  aspect  of  our  lives,  and  its  foundation  is  the  intelligence  that  embedded  processing  provides.  the  iot  is  comprised  of  smart  machines  interacting  and  communicating  with
__label__situationalsurveillance other  machines,  objects,  environments  and  infrastructures.  as  a  result,  huge  volumes  of  data  are  being  generated,  and  that  data  is  being  processed  into  useful  actions  that  can  command  and  control  things  to  make  our  lives  much  easier  and  safer  and  to  reduce  our  impact  on  the  environment.  the  creativity  of  this  new  era  is  boundless,  with  amazing  potential  to  improve  our  lives.  what  does  the  iot  need  to  become  a  reality?  in  this  white  paper,  freescale  and  arm  partner  to  answer  that  question.  depending  on  who  you  talk  to,  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  defined  in  different  ways,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance itencompasses  many  aspects  of  life  from  connected  homes  and  cities  to  connected  cars  androads  yes,  roads  to  devices  that  track  an  individuals  behavior  and  use  the  data  collected  forpush  services.  some  mention  one  trillion  internetconnected  devices  by  2025  and  definemobile  phones  as  the  eyes  and  ears  of  the  applications  connecting  all  of  those  connectedthings.  depending  on  the  context,  others  give  examples  that  are  less  phonecentric,  speakof  a  class  of  devices  that  do  not  exist  today  or  point  to  googles  augmentedreality  smartglasses  as  an  indication  of  things  to  come.  everyone,  however,  thinks  of  the  iot  as  billions  of  connections  a  sort
__label__situationalsurveillance of  universal  globalneural  network  in  the  cloud  that  will  encompass  every  aspect  of  our  lives.  all  of  thispublic  discussion  suggests  the  iot  is  finally  becoming  a  hot  topic  within  the  mainstreammedia.  many  recent  articles  point  to  the  iot  as  the  interaction  and  exchange  of  data  lotsof  it  between  machines  and  objects,  and  now  there  are  product  definitions  reflecting  thesame  concept.  hence,  from  a  technology  perspective,  the  iot  is  being  defined  as  smartmachines  interacting  and  communicating  with  other  machines,  objects,  environments  andinfrastructures,  resulting  in  volumes  of  data  generated  and  processing  of  that  data  intouseful  actions  that  can  command  and  control  things
__label__situationalsurveillance and  make  life  much  easier  for  humanbeings  ...  similar  to  the  world  envisioned  in  the  1970s  cartoonthe  jetsons,  only  better.  estimates  of  the  future  market  size  of  the  iot  cover  a  broad  range,  but  most  pundits  agree  itwill  dwarf  any  other  market.  in  mature  markets  today,  the  ultimate,  pervasive  consumer  deviceis  a  mobile  phone.  consider  your  own  household,  and  count  the  number  of  mobile  phonesyou  currently  have.  then  count  the  number  of  windows,  doors,  electrical  outlets,  lights,appliances  and  heating  and  ac  units  you  have.  youll  quickly  see  why  the  iot  market  willsurpass  the  mobile  phone  market,  at  least  in  the
__label__situationalsurveillance western  world.  a  quick  internet  search  highlighted  the  following  example  use  cases/applications  underconsideration:  the  iot:  different  services,  technologies,  meanings  for  everyone  do  an  iotrelated  web  search,  and  youll  quickly  notice  the  overuse  of  the  term  smart.so,  what  does  it  really  mean  when  something  is  smart,  and  what  makes  an  object  smart?for  example,  how  would  a  refrigerator  or  a  toaster  oven  that  hasnt  been  considered  smartbecome  a  smart  appliance?  today,  we  are  seeing  the  electrification  of  the  world  around  us.  almost  any  manufacturedgood  now  includes  an  embedded  processor  typically  a  microcontroller,  or  mcu,  along  withuser  interfaces,  that  can  add  programmability  and
__label__situationalsurveillance deterministic  command  and  controlfunctionality.  the  electrification  of  the  world  and  the  pervasiveness  of  embedded  processingare  the  keys  to  making  objects  smart.  your  old  toaster  that  mechanically  controlled  the  color  of  your  toast  now  has  an  mcuin  it,  and  the  mcu  controls  the  color  of  your  toast.  the  toaster  completes  its  task  moreconsistently  and  reliably,  and  because  it  is  now  a  smart  toaster,  it  has  the  ability  tocommunicate  with  you  electronically  using  its  touchpad  or  switches.  after  a  device  becomes  smart  through  the  integration  of  embedded  processing,  the  nextlogical  step  is  remote  communication  with  the  smart  device  to  help  make  life
__label__situationalsurveillance easier.  forexample,  if  i  am  running  late  at  the  office,  can  i  turn  on  my  house  lights  for  security  reasonsusing  my  laptop  or  mobile  phone?  communication  capability  and  remote  manual  control  lead  to  the  next  step  ...  how  do  iautomate  things  and,  based  on  my  settings  and  with  sophisticated  cloudbased  processing,make  things  happen  without  my  intervention?  thats  the  ultimate  goal  of  some  iotapplications.  and,  for  those  applications  to  connect  with  and  leverage  the  internet  to  achievethis  goal,  they  must  first  become  smart  incorporate  an  mcu/embedded  processor  withan  associated  unique  id  then  connected  and,  finally,  controlled.  those  capabilities  can  thenenable  a
__label__situationalsurveillance new  class  of  services  that  makes  life  easier  for  their  users.  for  the  network,  sophisticated  cloudbased  processing  requires  a  new  generation  ofcommunications  processors  that  can  keep  track  of  all  of  those  connected  devices,communicate  with  them  and  translate  their  functionality  into  useful  services  ...  all  with  nonlinear  improvement  to  their  performance  and  efficiency.  the  challenge  will  be  to  build  securenetworks  that  keep  up  with  demand,  while  simultaneously  reducing  energy  consumption  andcost  of  equipment.  this  will  require  all  kinds  of  innovations,  well  beyond  the  improvementsmoores  law  can  deliver.  lets  look  at  some  categories  for  iotrelated  applications.  while  there  are  literally  hundreds  ofapplications
__label__situationalsurveillance being  considered  and  identified  by  different  industries,  they  can  be  categorized  ina  simple,  logical  way.  category  one  encompasses  the  idea  of  millions  of  heterogeneous  aware  and  interconnecteddevices  with  unique  ids  interacting  with  other  machines/objects,  infrastructure,  and  thephysical  environment.  in  this  category,  the  iot  largely  plays  a  remote  track,  command,  controland  route  tccr  role.  as  with  all  aspects  of  the  iot,  safety  and  security  are  paramount.these  applications  are  not  about  data  mining  of  peoples  behaviors  along  the  lines  of  bigbrother  watching  but  rather  they  extend  the  automation  and  machinetomachine  m2m,machinetoinfrastructure  m2i  and  machinetonature  m2n  communications  that  can  helpsimplify  peoples  lives.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance second  category  is  all  about  leveraging  the  data  that  gets  collected  by  the  end  nodessmart  devices  with  sensing  and  connectivity  capability  and  data  mining  for  trends  andbehaviors  that  can  generate  useful  marketing  information  to  create  additional  commerce.  credit  card  companies  and  membership  shopping  clubs  already  track  and  use  peoplesbehavior,  to  an  extent,  to  come  up  with  offers  that  may  promote  incremental  sales.  now,  thequestion  is  how  far  will  this  data  mining  go?  use  cases  could  include  a  store  tracking  whichaisles  you  visited,  where  you  spent  the  most  time  within  those  aisles  and  even  what  type  ofitems  you  lifted  and  browsed.
__label__situationalsurveillance this  scenario  is  easily  possible  using  a  mobile  phones  gpscapability,  rfid  and  smart  tags  in  stores  and  wireless  tags.  the  result  could  be  as  simple  asproviding  email  offers  or  push  services  at  the  point  of  sale.  or,  it  could  go  further,  with  your  carinsurance  company  tracking  your  driving  habits  and  places  traveled  to  assign  risk  factors  thathelp  determine  your  monthly  premium,  for  example.  you  can  see  how  this  category  can  becomea  slippery  slope  and  how  the  iot  can  enable  data  collection  in  every  aspect  of  ones  everydaylife  and  assign  a  category  to  a  person  ...  with  pleasant  or  unpleasant  consequences.
__label__situationalsurveillance when  others  become  aware  of  the  context  associated  with  an  entity,  a  person  or  a  grouphence,  knowing  identity,  location,  activity  and  time,  to  what  extent  can  that  data  be  used,and  to  what  extent  should  the  entity,  person  or  group  have  a  say  in  how  that  data  gets  used?this  second  category,  especially,  spurs  discussions  about  privacy,  security,  governance  andthe  social  responsibility  that  comes  along  with  such  a  selfaware,  connected  world.  this  paper  is  focused  on  category  onespecifically,  the  technologies  and  devices  required  toenable  the  iot  for  tccr  purposes.  when  devices  can  sense  and  communicate  via  the  internet,  they  can  go  beyond
__label__situationalsurveillance localembedded  processing  to  access  and  take  advantage  of  remote  supercomputing  nodes.this  allows  a  device  to  run  more  sophisticated  analyses,  make  complex  decisions  andrespond  to  local  needs  quickly,  often  with  no  human  intervention  required.  lets  take  a  look  at  the  most  common  use  cases  for  the  iot.  this  refers  to  remote  tracking/monitoring  and,  if  needed,  command,  control  and  routingfunctions  for  tasks  and  processes  today  usually  done  manually,  or,  if  done  remotely,  thatrequire  additional  infrastructure.  for  example,  in  most  homes  today,  its  a  manual  processto  turn  on  and  off  certain  lights,  set  temperature  zones  and  turn  on  and  off  a  washingmachine.  in
__label__situationalsurveillance the  future,  doors,  windows,  electrical  outlets,  appliances  and  many  other  typesof  standalone  equipment  will  become  smart  with  a  unique  id.  those  smart  devices  canthen  be  connected  via  wired  or  wireless  communication,  allowing  a  user  to  monitor  his  or  herhouse  remotely,  change  settings  on  a  refrigerator  or  washing  machine  and  control  householdtasks  through  a  laptop  or  mobile  phone.  in  fact,  there  are  some  services  offered  today  bysecurity  or  internet  service  providers  to  do  exactly  that,  but  on  a  much  smaller  scale  and  withfewer  capabilities  than  we  expect  to  see  in  the  future.  remote  patient  monitoring  an  extension  of  these  kinds  of
__label__situationalsurveillance services  is  asset  tracking,  which  today  is  done  via  barcode  and  avariety  of  manual  steps,  but  in  the  future  will  leverage  smart  tags,  nearfield  communication  nfcand  rfid  to  globally  track  all  kinds  of  objects,  interactively.  the  word  geotagged  is  now  beingused  by  some  companies  to  refer  to  this  class  of  applications.  in  a  future  scenario,  a  user  wouldbe  able  to  use  google  earth  to  track  anything  with  an  rfid  tag.  alternatively,  your  refrigeratorcould  keep  track  of  your  smarttagged  groceries  and  tell  your  cell  phone  app  you  are  low  ona  certain  item.  if  your  bag  of  frozen  vegetables  can  have  a
__label__situationalsurveillance smart  tag,  other  objects  such  asvaluable  cars,  jewelry  and  handbags  could  too,  and  they  could  be  tracked  via  the  internet  andalso  take  advantage  of  a  variety  of  available  webbased  applications.  some  telehealthrelated  services  also  belong  in  this  category.  this  is  when  various  classes  of  sensors  with  or  without  actuation  capabilities  are  used  formonitoring  and  to  provide  data  so  a  process  can  be  controlled  remotely.  this  could  be  assimple  as  the  use  of  cameras  the  sensing  nodes  in  this  example  to  position  boxes  ofvarious  sizes  on  a  conveyer  belt  so  a  label  machine  can  properly  apply  labels  to  them.  thistask  can
__label__situationalsurveillance be  done  in  real  time  by  sending  the  data  to  a  remote  computer,  analyzing  it  andbringing  a  command  back  to  the  line  so  various  control  actions  can  be  taken  to  improvethe  process  ...  without  any  human  intervention.  the  smart  energy  market  provides  an  ideal  example  of  this  use  case.  the  term  smart  energyhas  been  used  in  many  ways,  but  it  basically  refers  to  accessing  information  about  energyconsumption  and  reacting  to  the  information  to  optimize  the  allocation  of  resources  energyuse.  in  the  case  of  a  household,  for  example,  once  the  residents  know  theyve  been  usingtheir  washing  machine  during  peak  hours  when
__label__situationalsurveillance the  grid  is  most  constrained  and  the  cost  ofelectricity  is  at  premium,  they  could  adjust  their  behavior  and  wash  their  laundry  during  nonpeak  hours,  saving  money  and  helping  the  utility  company  cope  with  the  peak  demand.  this  category  is  the  most  fascinating,  as  it  refers  to  monitoring  unknown  factorsenvironmental,  interaction  between  machines  and  infrastructures,  etc.  and  having  machinesmake  decisions  that  are  as  humanlike  as  possible  ...  only  better  heres  an  example  that  can  help  illustrate  this:  in  a  traffic  collision  avoidance  system  tcas,when  two  airplanes  approach  each  other  on  a  collision  path,  the  machines  in  the  twoairplanes  take  over.  the
__label__situationalsurveillance system  first  sends  an  audible  warning  to  the  pilots  about  the  dangerahead,  while  at  the  same  time  communicating  between  the  two  planes  and  deciding  howeach  plane  should  move  to  avoid  a  collision.  the  assumption  is  that  if  the  two  pilots  arewarned  and  are  in  control  to  make  quick  decisions,  they  can  both  decide  to  make  turns  thatwould  still  cause  a  crash.  there  are  a  whole  host  of  new  technologies  available  today  and  in  development  that  couldallow  vehicles  to  communicate  with  each  other  as  well  as  with  a  central  control  unit.  thesesmart  vehicles  also  could  sense  the  road,  traffic  signs  and
__label__situationalsurveillance lane  markers  and,  using  gps  anda  communication  link,  avoid  incoming  traffic,  avoid  accidents  around  a  curve  or,  in  conjunctionwith  the  central  control  unit,  avoid  going  over  a  distressed  bridge  on  the  verge  of  collapse.  remote  patient  monitoring  is  another  example  relevant  to  this  use  case.  for  instance,  imaginean  implantable  sensing  node  that  tracks  biometrics  and  sends  a  signal  regarding  an  abnormalreadout  for  an  elderly  patient.  if  the  patient  doesnt  respond  by  taking  a  medication,  thenode  could  place  an  emergency  call  to  a  contact  from  a  list,  and,  if  theres  no  answer,  call  asecond  contact,  and  finally,  if  no  answer,  contact
__label__situationalsurveillance a  monitoring  clinic  or  quickly  provide  otheremergency  assistance.  another  example  is  continuous  monitoring  of  chronic  diseases  to  helpdoctors  determine  best  treatments,  with  minimal  human  intervention.  requirements  common  to  all  of  the  use  cases  above  include:  functional  view  of  internet  of  things  technologies  in  the  factory  automation  example  applying  labels  to  boxes,  a  camera  detects  informationusing  a  chargecoupled  device  ccd  sensor  sensing  node,  the  collected  data  is  thencommunicated  to  an  embedded  processor/controller  embedded  processing  node  usingwired  or  wireless  communication  technology  connectivity  node,  a  decision  is  made  by  theremote  server  remote  embedded  processing  node  and  communicated  connectivity  node,which  causes  a  mechanical  action
__label__situationalsurveillance to  take  place  that  corrects  the  situation.  a  contextaware  automation  and  decision  optimization  example  could  be  a  smart  car  usingits  active  safety  radar  system  sensing  node  in  conjunction  with  image  processing  camerassensing  nodes  that  communicates  with  an  embedded  processor  embedded  processingnode  in  the  center  stack  of  the  car  to  make  an  appropriate  decision  regarding  dangerahead.  or,  the  vehicle  could  leverage  its  builtin  gps  and  wideareanetwork  wan  wirelesscommunication  capability  connectivity  node  to  pass  along  information  to  a  central  processingserver  on  the  network/in  the  cloud  remote  embedded  processing  node  that  could  then  makethe  car  aware  of  the  information  it  had  just  received
__label__situationalsurveillance from  the  sensors  on  a  bridge  sensingnode  that  was  being  pounded  by  flood  waters  and  losing  its  structural  integrity,  guiding  thecar  to  a  different  route  to  avoid  danger.  the  types  of  sensing  nodes  needed  for  the  iot  vary  widely,  depending  on  the  applicationsinvolved.  sensing  nodes  could  include  a  camera  system  for  image  monitoring;  water  or  gasflow  meters  for  smart  energy;  radar  vision  when  active  safety  is  needed;  rfid  readers  sensingthe  presence  of  an  object  or  person;  doors  and  locks  with  open/close  circuits  that  indicatea  building  intrusion;  or  a  simple  thermometer  measuring  temperature.  the  bottom  line  is  thatthere  could  be  many
__label__situationalsurveillance different  types  of  sensing  nodes,  depending  on  the  applications.  whocould  forget  the  heatseeking  mechanical  bugs  that  kept  track  of  the  population  of  a  buildingin  the  movie  minority  report?  those  mechanical  bugs  represent  potential  sensing  nodes  ofthe  future.  these  nodes  will  all  carry  a  unique  id  and  can  be  controlled  separately  via  a  remote  commandand  control  topology.  use  cases  exist  today  in  which  a  smartphone  with  rfid  and/or  nfcand  gps  functionality  can  approach  individual  rfid/nfcenabled  things  in  a  building,communicate  with  them  and  register  their  physical  locations  on  the  network.  hence,  rfid  andnfc  will  have  a  place  in  remote  registration,  and,  ultimately,
__label__situationalsurveillance command  and  control  of  the  iot.  embedded  processing  is  at  the  heart  of  the  iot.  local  processing  capability  is  most  often  provided  by  mcus,  hybrid  microcontrollers/microprocessors  mcus/mpus  or  integrated  mcu  devices,  which  can  provide  the  realtime  embedded  processing  that  is  a  key  requirement  of  most  iot  applications.  use  cases  vary  significantly,  and  fully  addressing  the  realtime  embedded  processing  function  requires  a  scalable  strategy  using  a  scalable  family  of  devices,  as  one  size  will  not  fit  all.  in  the  home  automation  example,  depending  on  the  size  or  type  of  residence,  requirements  could  vary  from  a  simple  network  to  a  more  complex
__label__situationalsurveillance structure  with  hierarchical,  nested  subnetworks  controlled  at  different  levels.  for  example,  in  a  singlefamily  home,  all  windows,  doors,  electrical  outlets  and/or  electrical  equipment  and  thermostats  could  have  simple  embedded  controllers  that  communicate  with  a  master  mcu/mpu  hybrid  device  for  command  and  control  of  the  entire  house.  in  turn,  this  master  device  can  communicate  via  the  internet  with  a  variety  of  clients,  from  the  security  service  provider  and  other  service  providers  to  portals  that  can  give  the  homeowner  access  to  remotely  control  all  of  these  connected  things.  in  an  apartment  building,  the  same  idea  can  be  extended,  with  an  even  more
__label__situationalsurveillance complex,  layered  network  hierarchy  that  includes  apartmentlevel  command  and  control,  as  well  as  floorlevel  and  buildinglevel  command  and  control.  there  are  a  few  requirements  that  make  an  mcu  ideal  for  use  in  the  iot.  energy  efficiency:  embedded  architecture  with  a  rich  software  ecosystem:  portfolio  breadth  that  enables  software  scalability:  portfolio  breadth  that  costeffectively  enables  different  levels  of  performance  and  arobust  mix  of  i/o  interfaces:  costeffectiveness:  quality  and  reliability:  security:  the  role  of  the  communication  node  is  to  transfer  information  gathered  by  the  sensing  nodesand  processed  by  local  embedded  processing  nodes  to  the  destinations  identified  by  the  localembedded  processing  nodes.  and,
__label__situationalsurveillance once  the  data  is  remotely  processed  and  new  commandsare  generated,  the  communication  node  brings  back  the  new  commands  to  the  local  embeddedprocessing  nodes  to  execute  a  task.  sometimes  this  could  be  as  simple  as  sensing  a  fridge  door  being  left  open  based  on  energyuse,  and  after  analyzing  the  data,  automatically  closing  the  door  via  a  mechanical  mechanismor  generating  a  warning  for  the  homeowners  home  automation  app.  or,  it  could  be  assophisticated  as  communication  to  an  autonomous  vehicle  to  avoid  an  accident.  todays  wireless  landscape  use  cases  could  vary  drastically,  but  what  is  common  to  these  command  and  controlcommunication  links  is
__label__situationalsurveillance that  they  typically  only  need  to  carry  few  kilobytes  of  data  for  any  givennode,  unless  highbandwidth  image  processing  or  video  data  is  involved.  the  iot  will  encompass  all  aspects  of  ones  everyday  life,  hence  there  is  no  limit  to  the  distances  for  which  command  and  control  communication  can/will  be  used.  to  get  a  better  understanding  of  the  dynamics  of  this  segment,  lets  take  a  step  back  and  look  at  the  various  communication  topologies  that  exist  today,  from  wireless  body  area  network  wban  towide  area  network  wan,  and  all  of  the  options  in  between.  if  you  were  to  design  wired  and
__label__situationalsurveillance wireless  technologies  for  the  iot  from  the  ground  up,  you  may  or  may  not  end  up  with  the  communications  landscape  as  we  know  it  today.  however,  many  of  the  companies  offering  wireless  and  wired  solutions  are  positioning  their  products  as  the  communication  engine  of  choice  for  the  iot  market.  the  iot  will  also  add  the  concept  of  wireless  sensor  and  actuator  networks  wsans,  which  are  networks  that  contain  sensing  and  embedded  processing  nodes  that  can  control  their  environment.  as  with  any  emerging  market,  a  transition  period  before  system  optimization  takes  place  and  technologies  become  bettersuited  for  the  end  iotrelated  applications
__label__situationalsurveillance is  likely.  based  on  typical  product  life  cycles  and  the  role  of  software,  it  would  be  safe  to  say  that  if  a  technology  takes  hold  in  an  iot  segment  now,  that  technology  or  an  optimizedtopurpose  version  of  it  will  be  in  place  for  at  least  the  next  five  to  eight  years.  there  are  some  battle  lines  already  drawn  that  may  be  solidifying.  for  example,  it  seems  as  though  bluetooth  low  energy  btle  is  being  adopted  by  the  health  care  industry  for  portable  medical  and  lifestyle  devices.  on  the  other  hand,  the  battle  between  zigbee  and  lowpower  wifi  technologies  for  industrial
__label__situationalsurveillance control  and  automation  has  just  begun.  operators  are  urgently  looking  for  new  revenue  streams,  and  machinetomachine  communication  and  locationbased  services  seem  to  be  good  places  to  make  a  bet.  both  can  use  existing  infrastructure  and  are  very  much  a  part  of  the  emerging  iot  market.  major  volumes  for  the  iot  market  will  likely  not  happen  for  another  1012  years,  and,  at  that  time,  the  communications  technologies  may  be  completely  different  from  those  being  considered  today,  or  new  revisions  of  existing  standards  may  have  emerged.  wifi  technologists  already  are  working  on  802.11ah  wifi  on  ism  bands  below  1  ghz  to  tailor
__label__situationalsurveillance it  for  infrastructureindependent  adhoc,  mesh  networking  and  longerrange  control  of  sensor  networks.  alternatively,  there  could  be  brandnew  technologies  better  suited  for  certain  aspects  of  iot  communication  that  displace  the  existing  standards  for  the  iot.  for  example,  operators  may  decide  their  valuable  spectrum  is  too  precious  to  use  for  wanbased  command  and  controlservices  and  they  instead  need  to  use  a  different  technology.  or,  a  disruptive  wireless  network  technology  like  what  weightless  weightless.org/  is  developing  may  take  hold.  one  thing  about  the  connectivity  needs  of  the  future  iot  market  is  clear  it  is  so  diverse,  largeand  costconscious  that  a  range  of  different
__label__situationalsurveillance technologies  will  be  needed  possibly  includingwan,  lan,  wpan,  wban,  etc.,  and  one  size  will  not  fit  all.  requirements  for  communication  functions  are  almost  the  same  as  for  embedded  processing  nodes:  if  we  convert  the  building  blocks  of  the  iot  from  simple  nodes  to  a  box/productlevel  view,we  end  up  with  sensing/edge  nodes  that  use  pan/ban/lan  types  of  communicationstopologies,  connected  to  gateways  with  different  levels  of  hierarchy.  boxlevel  view  of  iot  building  blocks  these  gateways,  in  turn,  communicate  to  the  cloud  via  wan  communication  technology.once  connected  to  the  cloud  through  an  access  network,  data  will  be  routed  through  a  serverfor  application/action,  as
__label__situationalsurveillance well  as  big  data  analysis.  software  service  fabric  for  metering  application  getting  all  segments  of  the  iot  to  communicate  and  work  together  is  key  to  the  success  of  thetechnology  rollout,  and  that  means  deploying  a  lot  of  software  and  middleware  that  will  enablevarious  heterogeneous  devices  to  talk  with  each  other  and  the  infrastructure  around  them.  for  example,  in  a  smart  meter  application,  an  analog  front  end  afe  reads  the  meter  andthe  mcu  manages  the  meter  to  interpret  and  push  the  data  through  the  communicationpipe,  which  will  be  communicating  with  the  house  on  one  end  and  the  curbside  on  the  otherend.
__label__situationalsurveillance while  most  developers  have  a  clear  view  of  the  software  architecture  from  a  device,communication  pipe  and  application  profile  perspective,  the  servicelevel  fabric  must  also  beconsidered  for  a  given  application.  in  this  configuration,  the  sensing  node  here  the  afe  is  using  an  embedded  processing  mcu  nodeto  translate  and  transmit  the  data  through  the  communication  functions  to  the  central  embeddedprocessing  node  in  the  house,  as  well  as  one  on  the  curbside.  a  lot  of  middleware  software  isneeded  to  enable  this  interaction  to  happen  reliably,  with  the  services  delivered  seamlessly.  since  there  are  not  yet  industrywide  iot  best  practices  agreed  upon  and  deployed,
__label__situationalsurveillance manycomponent  providers  are  approaching  the  connection  between  devices  and  the  cloud  asa  connection  to  their  niche  cloud,  as  opposed  to  the  cloud.  some  companies  promotethat  all  devices  will  be  dumb  nodes,  with  all  processing  and  decisionmaking  done  withintheir  cloud.  alternatively,  some  believe  only  minimal  access  to  the  cloud  for  basic  internetrelated  services  will  be  required,  with  most  of  the  thinking  done  locally.  the  architectureand  building  blocks  of  the  iot  as  described  in  this  paper  allow  for  a  number  of  differentapproaches,  which  will  likely  be  necessary  due  to  the  wide  variety  of  use  cases  andconfigurations  anticipated.  that  flexibility  will  be  needed
__label__situationalsurveillance to  optimize  systemlevel  performance.  so,  why  does  software  get  such  a  big  headline?  software  enables  the  various  services  the  iot  willprovide.  services  are  the  means  by  which  the  iot  will  address  certain  needs.  those  needs  couldexist  today,  or  they  may  be  things  we  dont  yet  realize  we  need,  but  someday  well  wonder  why  we  never  had  them  before.  many  people  forget  that  until  20  years  ago,  most  of  us  lived  withoutmobile  phones  and  didnt  see  a  need  for  them,  but  now  they  are  the  most  personal  gadget  ownedby  people  in  the  western  world.  along  those  lines,  some  iot  services  will
__label__situationalsurveillance address  needs  easilyidentifiable  today  e.g.  asset  tracking,  smart  energy,  etc.,  but  others  are  yet  to  be  defined.  some  people  bundle  this  topic  within  the  software  portion  of  the  iot,  but  it  deserves  theattention  of  a  separate  category.  without  a  solid  security  mechanism  for  all  of  the  iot  buildingblocks  mentioned  above,  the  iot  will  not  be  as  pervasive  as  it  is  anticipated  to  become.  when  we  say  security,  we  really  mean  security  of  information  the  information  that  getspassed  around  by  various  parts  of  the  system  and  is  context  and  servicedependent.  forexample,  knowing  the  location  of  a  person  could  be  considered  a
__label__situationalsurveillance good  thing  if  the  personwas  lost.  however,  if  that  person  felt  his  or  her  privacy  was  being  compromised,  knowing  thelocation  information  could  be  considered  a  bad  thing.  heres  what  we  mean  by  secure  information:  information  needs  to  be  available  when  needed:  information  needs  to  be  confidential:  the  integrity  of  data  needs  to  be  assured:  the  security  of  the  system  is  as  good  as  the  last  threat  it  was  able  to  prevent,  and,  as  soonas  it  gets  broken,  one  needs  to  implement  new  ways  of  making  it  secure  again.  if  the  recenthacking  of  credit  card  and  personal  information  from  reputable  outlets
__label__situationalsurveillance on  the  internet  is  anyindication  of  the  challenges  facing  iot  services,  the  internet  security  infrastructure  availabletoday  is  inadequate  to  manage  iot  services.  during  the  summer  of  2010,  malware  targeted  electronic  process  control  systems  for  thefirst  time  instead  of  the  traditional  credit  cards  and  personal  information.  the  stuxnet  trojanhorse  worm  that  attacked  siemens  process  control  systems  at  nuclear  plants  demonstratedincredible  levels  of  sophistication  and  showed  the  potential  damage  that  could  be  done  toundermine  the  security  of  the  iot.  devicelevel  security:  there  are  different  types  mcu,  hybrid  mcu/mpu,  integrated  mcus,  etc.and  layers  of  embedded  processing  at  various  nodes  of  the  iot,  and
__label__situationalsurveillance for  any  device  to  be  consideredsmart  so  it  can  be  connected  to  the  internet,  it  must  incorporate  an  embedded  processor.embedded  processors  are  going  to  be  pervasive  in  the  iot,  and  theyd  better  be  very  secure.  mcus  are  vulnerable  during  their  bootup  process,  when  software  is  executed  fromprogrammable  memory  using  the  code  stored  in  the  readonly  memory  rom  or  nonvolatilememory  nvm/flash  memory.  during  this  process,  expert  hackers  can  break  the  routine  andhack  the  system  in  a  variety  of  ways.  many  new  technologies  are  rolling  out  to  address  thesecurity  issues  related  to  passive  attacks  e.g.  glitching  and  invasive  attacks  e.g.  uv  attacks,but
__label__situationalsurveillance more  are  likely  necessary.  the  intent  of  the  iot  is  to  put  smart  devices  on  a  sort  of  universal  neural  net,  controlling  themremotely.  hence,  each  of  these  identifiable  objects  billions  of  them  can  introduce  a  threatto  the  overall  system.  with  such  potential  for  disaster,  are  there  best  practices  engineers  canlearn  to  enhance  the  security  of  mcus  in  an  iot  system?  by  now  it  should  be  clear  that  networks  of  the  future  will  connect  more  objects,  machinesand  infrastructure  to  a  global  neural  network  of  cloudbased  services  than  they  will  connectpeople.  a  tsunami  of  data  and  services  will  affect  the  way  we
__label__situationalsurveillance live,  well  beyond  the  changesexperienced  when  the  internet  first  arrived  and  changed  the  way  people  network  andcommunicate  with  each  other.  at  the  heart  of  the  iot  are  layers  of  embedded  processing,from  the  most  remote  satellite  sensing  node  to  the  core  of  the  network.  the  diversity  ofservices  being  planned  for  the  iot  means  no  one  company  can  develop  full  solutions  andsupporting  iotbased  innovations.  iotbased  innovations  will  require  a  broad,  rich  ecosystemof  partner  companies  working  together  to  bring  iotbased  services  to  the  market.  an  opennonproprietary  platform  arm.com  that  allows  all  partners  working  together  to  use  thesame  baseline  technologies  is  key  to  making
__label__situationalsurveillance the  iot  happen.  the  pervasiveness  of  embedded  processing  is  already  happening  everywhere  around  us.  athome,  appliances  as  mundane  as  your  basic  toaster  now  come  with  an  embedded  mcu  thatnot  only  sets  the  darkness  of  the  piece  of  toast  to  your  preference,  but  also  adds  functionalsafety  to  the  device.  your  refrigerator  has  started  talking  to  you  and  keeping  track  of  whatyou  put  in  it.  there  are  energyaware  hvac  systems  that  can  now  generate  a  report  onthe  activity  in  your  house  and  recommend  ways  to  reduce  your  energy  consumption.  theelectrification  of  vehicles  has  already  started  happening,  and  in  just  a  few  years
__label__situationalsurveillance from  now,each  car  will  contain  50  percent  more  electronics  than  it  did  just  five  years  ago.  the  cars  ofthe  future  will  indeed  be  able  to  drive  themselves.  similar  changes  are  also  happening  in  otheraspects  of  our  lives  ...  in  factories,  transportation,  school  systems,  stadiums  and  other  publicvenues.  embedded  processing  is  everywhere.  connecting  those  smart  devices  nodes  to  the  web  has  also  started  happening,  althoughat  a  slower  rate.  the  pieces  of  the  technology  puzzle  are  coming  together  to  accommodatethe  internet  of  things  sooner  than  most  people  expect.  just  as  the  internet  phenomenonhappened  not  so  long  ago  and  caught  like  a  wildfire,
__label__situationalsurveillance the  internet  of  things  will  touch  everyaspect  of  our  lives  in  less  than  a  decade.  are  you  ready  for  it?  this  white  paper  was  developed  in  collaboration  with  global  strategy  andbusiness  development,  and  emerging  technologies,  arm.  log  in  below  to  leave  a  comment.  copyright  2019  mouser  electronics,  inc.  a  tti  and  berkshire  hathaway  company.  mouser  and  mouser  electronics  are  trademarks  of  mouser  electronics,  inc.  all  other  trademarks  are  the  property  of  their  respective  owners.  corporate  headquarters  and  logistics  center  in  mansfield,  texas  usa.  copyright  2019  mouser  electronics,  inc.  a  tti  and  berkshire  hathaway  company.  mouser  and  mouser  electronics  are  trademarks
__label__situationalsurveillance the  industry,  personal  healthcare  and  healthcare  payment  applications  thus  far,  most  iot  initiatives  in  revolved  around  the  improvement  of  care  as  such  with  remote  monitoring  and  telemonitoring  as  main  applications  in  the  broader  scope  of  .  a  second  area  where  many  initiatives  exist  is  tracking,  ,  using  iot  and  rfid.  this  is  done  on  the  level  of  medical  devices  and  healthcare  assets,  the  people  level  and  the  nonmedical  asset  level  e.g.  hospital  building  assets  .  however,  these  deployments  and  use  cases  are  just  the  beginning  and,  at  the  same  time,  are  far  from  omnipresent.  more  advanced  and  integrated  approaches  within
__label__situationalsurveillance the  scope  of  the  are  starting  to  be  used  with  regards  to  health  data  aspects  where  iot  plays  an  increasing  role,  as  it  does  in  specific  applications  such  as  smart  pills,  smart  home  care,  personal  healthcare,  robotics  and  realtime  health  systems  rths  .  table  of  contents  iomt.  from  2017  until  2022,  growth  in  iot  healthcare  applications  is  indeed  poised  to  accelerate  as  the  internet  of  things  is  a  key  component  in  the  of  the  healthcare  industry  and  various  stakeholders  are  stepping  up  their  efforts.  moreover,  there  is  an  increasing  consciousness  and  engagement  of  consumers  with  regards  to  their  health,  demand
__label__situationalsurveillance for  remote  and  home  possibilities  keeps  growing,  various  healthcare  ecosystem  players  come  up  with  novel  approaches  and  partnerships;  and  healthcare  expenditure  reduction  remains  a  main  goal,  along  with  better  quality  care.  a  more  integrated  and  iotenabled  ehealth  approach  proves  essential  in  all  these  areas.  some  regions,  such  as  the  us,  are  leading  in  healthcare  iot  and  in  leveraging  healthrelated  data  from  iot  devices.  according  to  the  2017  thales  data  threat  report,  healthcare  edition,  which  we  covered  in  an  article  on  ,  already  30  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  use  iot  for  sensitive  data.  march  2017  more  below  found  that  by  2019,
__label__situationalsurveillance 87  percent  of  healthcare  organizations  will  have  adopted  internet  of  things  technology  and  76  percent  believe  it  will  transform  the  healthcare  industry.  more  data  and  evolutions  in  the  mentioned  articles.  lets  now  look  at  some  key  aspects  and  use  cases  within  the  broader  scope  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  sector.  the  reason:  healthcare  is  such  a  vast  ecosystem  and  once  you  also  start  including  personal  healthcare,  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  healthcare  insurance,  rths,  healthcare  building  facilities,  robotics,  biosensors,  smart  beds,  smart  pills,  anything  remote  and  the  various  healthcare  specializations,  activities  and  even  treatments  of  diseases,  that  list  of
__label__situationalsurveillance internet  of  things  applications  in  healthcare  quickly  becomes  endless.  in  the  scope  of  this  article  we  dont  focus  on  pharma  nor  on  how  iot  and  ai  helps  in  the  treatment  of  specific  diseases  or  the  evolutions  with  regards  to  specific  areas  such  as  bionic  limbs  and  others.  the  mentioned  vastness  goes  both  for  the  iot  use  cases  and  the  reallife  applications  of  the  internet  of  things  in  the  healthcare  industry.  still,  as  said  some  use  cases  clearly  stick  out  if  we  look  at  applications  and  evolutions  on  the  side  of  healthcare  providers  and  healthcare  payers.  moreover,  we  see  that  devices
__label__situationalsurveillance and  iot  applications,  which  traditionally  fit  more  in  a  consumer  context  e.g.  personal  health  trackers  get  an  increasing  place  in  the  relationship  between  consumer/patient  and  healthcare  providers  and  payers.  patient  engagement  and  consumer  consciousness  play  an  important  role  here  and  in  the  relationship  with  healthcare  payers  also  incentives  and  premiums  do  compare  with  the  use  of  telematics  in  in  insurance  .  outside  of  this  scope  there  is  major  growth  ahead  in  a  more  context,  whereby  healthcare  providers,  such  as  hospitals,  leverage  iot,  in  combination  with  applications  and  technologies  in  the  field  of  robotics,  artificial  intelligence  and  big  data.  the  second
__label__situationalsurveillance focus  area  of  iot  applications  we  mentioned  in  the  introduction  monitoring,  tracking,  maintenance  and  so  forth  is  certainly  also  going  to  keep  growing;  albeit  at  difference  paces,  depending  on  the  hospital,  country  and  so  on.  some  will  start  with  tracking  anything  from  medical  equipment  and  patients  to  hospital  building  assets  and  beds,  others  will  move  to  the  next  stages.  remote  health  monitoring  and  various  other  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare  need  to  be  seen  in  the  developments  regarding  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  also  need  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital  transformation  of  the  various  healthcare
__label__situationalsurveillance segments.  iot,  from  an  enablement  perspective,  is  a  cornerstone  of  the  digital  transformation  of  healthcare  until  at  least  the  next  decade.  as  healthrelated  data  is  collected  and  increasingly  is  available  in  realtime,  it  gets  integrated  with  electronic  healthcare  records  ehr.  ehr  systems  are  far  from  omnipresent  and  most  have  not  been  designed  with  the  internet  of  things,  rfid  and  realtime  data  in  mind;  they  have  been  designed,  if  all  is  well,  to  make  healthcare  faster,  more  patientcentric,  more  affordable  and  better  from  the  perspective  of  the  patients  health  and  the  work  of  healthcare  professionals,  based  on  rather  static  data.  these
__label__situationalsurveillance outcomes  are  also  essential  in  many  iot  use  cases  in  healthcare,  yet  they  are  not  always  achieved.  moreover,  there  are  so  many  approaches  to  the  digitization  of  healthcare  records  that  in  practice  an  internet  of  things  deployment  needs  to  take  into  account  these  differences  if  it  is  related  with  an  individual  patient.  not  all  health  data  from  connected  devices  ultimately  lands  in  the  ehr/emr  environment.  there  are  plenty  of  other  information  systems  and  systems  of  insight,  depending  on  type  of  data,  device,  scope  and  purpose.  moreover,  there  is  a  shift  towards  realtime  health  systems  rths,  which  go  beyond  ehr  and
__label__situationalsurveillance include  awareness  and  realtime  data  capabilities  in  an  iot  and  connected/wearable  device  perspective.  ehr  systems  are  part  of  the  broader  context  and  processes  within  this  rths  systems  approach.  according  to  rths  will  be  a  key  area  for  iot  in  healthcare  as  big  data  analytics  tools  and  processes  are  utilized  to  evaluate  both  dynamic  and  static  data  for  predictive  analytics  as  part  of  comprehensive  healthcare  systems  improvement  programs.  its  the  data  that  makes  sense  to  improve  the  lives  of  patients  and  the  organization  of  healthcare  across  its  various  aspects  such  as  the  ability  for  doctors,  specialists,  nurses  and  staff  to  make
__label__situationalsurveillance better  decisions  faster.  moreover,  security  and  privacy  by  design  need  to  be  part  of  any  iot  use  case,  project  or  deployment.  leveraging  the  iot  and  data  aims  to  improve  and  reduce  errors  and  costs.  making  sure  it  doesnt  get  exposed  or  used  for  the  wrong  reasons  is  key.  as  mentioned  in  other  articles,  personal  healthcare  data  needs  to  be  treated  differently  from  a  security  and  compliance  perspective.  at  the  same  time,  healthcare  organizations  need  to  pay  more  attention  to  compliance  as  well,  certainly  in  regions  where  stricter  regulations  are  being  put  into  place  such  as  the  eu  where  personal  health
__label__situationalsurveillance data,  as  well  as  genetic  and  other  medical  and  biological  data,  get  special  attention  and  are  seen  as  very  sensitive.  it  is  clear  that  any  iot  project  which  involves  personal  health  data,  needs  to  take  these  rules  and  the  lawfulness,  intent,  and  diffusion  stipulations,  to  name  a  few,  into  account.  as  a  matter  of  fact,  any  iot  project  should  have  security  and  privacy  by  design  in  mind  where  it  concerns  .  however,  the  positions  with  regards  to  the  protection  and  leverage  of  health  data  is,  to  put  it  mildly,  very  different  if  you  start  comparing  initiatives  and  regulations  across  the
__label__situationalsurveillance globe.  taking  all  the  above  into  account  lets  take  a  look  at  the  major  use  cases  today  and,  next,  the  rapidly  emerging  use  cases  in  the  near  future.  there  is  a  general  shift  of  care  in  hospitals  or  emergency  care  environments  to  private  environments  such  as  the  patients  home,  whenever  that  becomes  possible.  its  a  matter  of  costs,  its  a  matter  of  getting  the  patient  back  to  his  normal  environment  and  its  one  way  to  reduce  the  workload  of  healthcare  workers  who  in  many  countries  and  many  periods  simply  cant  cope.  in  some  countries  the  lack  of  funding  and,  as
__label__situationalsurveillance a  result,  shortage  of  healthcare  workers,  specifically  in  and  after  seasons  where  more  diseases  strike,  is  a  recurring  yearly  disaster.  remote  health  monitoring,  which  is  obviously  very  possible  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  also  partially  helps  solve  the  rise  of  chronic  diseases,  among  others  due  to  an  aging  population  but  not  just  that.  remote  health  monitoring  is  also  ideal  when  patients  live  in  remote  areas.  there  is  a  broad  range  of  specialized  wearables  and  biosensors,  along  with  other  medical  devices,  available  today  that  enables  remote  health  monitoring.  remote  health  monitoring  also  offers  healthcare  stakeholders  the  possibility  to  detect  patterns,
__label__situationalsurveillance leveraging  the  data  coming  from  these  wearables  and  other  devices.  this  enables  new  insights  and  visualizations  of  patterns  as  the  combination  of  big  data,  analytics,  iot  and  so  forth  tends  to  do.  it  is  one  reason  why  the  skillsets  of,  for  example,  hospital  staff,  are  changing.  in  practice,  as  budgets  in  healthcare  are  restricting,  this  could  lead  to  concerns  from  a  human  care  perspective.  speaking  about  hospitals,  there  is  a  set  of  iot  use  cases  which  brings  us  back  from  the  remote  aspect  to  hospitals  and  other  .  on  the  most  essential  level,  which  we  touched  upon  earlier,  we  are
__label__situationalsurveillance speaking  about  rfid  and  iotenabled  devices,  iotenabled  assets  and  rather  traditional  general  iot  use  cases  which  are  really  crossindustry  such  as  predictive  maintenance  of  hospital  assets,  connected  healthcare  devices  and  the  tracking  of  healthcare  devices  and  people.  it  isnt  really  a  surprise  that  this  is  an  ongoing  evolution,  which  on  other  levels,  also  includes  phenomena  such  as  smart  beds,  the  aggregation  and  realtime  availability  of  data  from  healthcare  devices  and  assets  regarding  specific  patients,  and  the  advent  of  robots  in  a  hospital  environment  for  routine  tasks.  in  such  assetintensive  environments  which  at  the  same  time  are  extremely  informationintensive,  ample  possibilities
__label__situationalsurveillance and  potential  outcomes  emerge  when  leveraging  iot  and  related  sets  of  technologies.  in  a  crossindustry  perspective  we  can  certainly  also  mention  smart  buildings  and  facility  management  here.  if  there  is  one  place  where  the  various  building  parameters  think  about  temperature,  humidity,  air  regulation,  specific  environmental  controls,  security  and  so  forth  need  to  be  optimal,  it  for  sure  is  the  hospital.  according  to  the  previously  mentioned  in  healthcare  and  more,  the  main  iot  use  case  in  healthcare  organizations  is  monitoring  and  maintenance  73  percent  of  respondents  ,  followed  by  remote  operation  and  control  50  percent  of  respondents  .  connecting  iot  devices
__label__situationalsurveillance is  indeed  an  important  goal  to  reap  the  benefits  from  iot  with  67  percent  of  respondents  planning  to  connect  their  iot  devices  using  wifi.  64  percent  56  percent  33  percent.  the  major  perceived  benefits,  finally,  are  increased  innovation  80  percent,  visibility  across  the  organization  76  percent  and,  as  always  but  in  healthcare  organization  even  more  important,  cost  savings.  imagine  the  possibilities  of  a  true  internet  of  healthcare  things  some  people  speak  about  the  internet  of  medical  things  or  iomt  to  describe  this  reality  of  the  connection  of  healthrelated  devices  and  equipment,  others  call  it  the  medical  internet  of  things  or
__label__situationalsurveillance miot.  regardless  of  how  you  call  it,  its  clear  that  connecting  all  devices,  apps,  data  and  so  forth  opens  up  a  new  world  of  opportunities,  as  the  internet  of  things  in  general  does.  the  internet  of  healthcare  things  includes  the  devices  and  connected  assets  and  their  use  cases  which  we  mentioned  before  such  as  everything  that  is  needed  for  remote  health  monitoring,  xrays  and  imaging  devices,  the  list  goes  on.  in  a  sense  the  internet  of  medical  things  is  already  here  and  has  been  for  some  time.  however,  if  you  really  want  to  look  at  it  from  a  holistic  perspective,
__label__situationalsurveillance its  far  from  here  and  ample  challenges  need  to  be  tackled:  health  device  interoperability,  integrated  systems  connecting  patients  and  healthcare  workers,  secure  standards,  rths  integration  and  so  on.  what  does  ioht  encompass?  as  the  name  indicates  virtually  all  healthcare  things.  of  course  we  need  to  go  beyond  the  healthcare  or  medical  things  aspect  and  look  at  the  broader  picture.  however,  if  we  look  at  it  on  a  device  level  we  see  how  the  personal  and  consumer  iot  health  sphere  remember  the  consumerization  of  healthcare  in  this  sense  and  the  increasing  attention  for  devices,  mainly  wearables,  which  enable  personal  health  monitoring
__label__situationalsurveillance and  meet  increasing  consciousness  demands  and  the  health  sector  sphere  where  wearables,  several  biosensors  and  so  forth  are  also  increasingly  important  professional  ones.  in  that  meeting  of  both  spheres,  new  healthcare  provider  and  healthcare  payer  models  arise,  including  rather  consumeroriented  wearables  and  those  more  professional  devices.  on  a  wearable  level  we  also  see  an  increasing  use  of  specialized  wearables  across  all  parts  of  the  body  next  generation  hearing  aids,  implantable  wearables,  skin  patches,  smart  contact  lenses,  etc.  among  the  many  robots  that  are  already  in  use  today  there  are  wellknown  examples  of  medical  robots  in  surgery  precision  surgery  or  distance
__label__situationalsurveillance surgery,  robots  that  are  used  for  rehabilitation  and  hospital  robots  such  as  that,  among  others,  takes  care  of  deliveries  medication,  drinks,  etc..  this  latter  category  is  poised  for  growth.  according  to  idcs  ,  by  2019  there  will  be  a  50  percent  increase  in  the  use  of  such  robots  who  carry  out  tasks  such  as  medication  delivery,  food  delivery  and  delivery  of  supplies  overall.  in  other  words:  taking  care  of  rather  routine  tasks,  freeing  up  human  resources.  note:  with  routine  we  dont  mean  that  these  tasks  arent  important.  for  many  hospitalized  people  getting  their  medication  or  food  delivered  is  a  moment
__label__situationalsurveillance of  human  interaction  they  do  value.  most  of  them  fit  in  overall  healthcare  drivers  such  as  aging  populations,  the  changing  behavior  and  demands  of  patients  consumerization  of  healthcare  and  patientcentricity  and  of  healthcare  workers,  budgetary  challenges  and  the  improvement  of  care  quality.  the  previously  mentioned  research  from  aruba  networks  found  that  the  large  majority  of  perceived  iot  benefits  in  healthcare  today  revolves  around  increased  innovation,  visibility  across  the  organization  and  cost  savings.  on  top  of  those,  future  iot  benefits  which  are  expected  include  higher  workforce  productivity,  the  creation  of  new  business  models  and  better  collaboration.  as  the  graphic  from  the
__label__situationalsurveillance illustrates,  increased  use  of  remote  patient  monitoring  will  help  drive  the  global  market  at  a  cagr  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  24.55  percent  by  2020.  also  the  advent  of  smarter  technologies  plays  a  role.  the  smart  pills  segment  alone  is  expected  to  reach  6.93  billion  by  2020  with  a  cagr  of  23.62  percent.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__situationalsurveillance realize  the  full  value  of  your  iot  data  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  are  opening  up  new  horizons  for  numerous  types  of  enterprises  and  government  entities  as  data  drawn  from  sensors  informs  and  inspires,  measuring  everything  from  consumer  usage  to  pumps  on  an  oil  rig.  for  organizations  taking  advantage  of  iot  /  iiot,  the  amount  of  highfrequency  telemetry  data  to  be  collected,  stored,  analyzed  and  fully  leveraged  can  be  overwhelming.  thats  where  the  circonus  platform  shines.  the  circonus  platform  offers  unlimited  scalability  in  the  number  of  devices  and  sampling  frequency  to  keep  up
__label__situationalsurveillance with  the  growing  volume  of  diverse  sensor  data.  in  addition,  the  circonus  platform  enables  virtually  unlimited  storage  of  data,  compressed  through  our  patented  histogram  technology,  ensuring  that  you  can  fully  access  all  your  data,  with  having  to  make  choices  on  what  to  save  and  what  to  discard,  ensuring  youre  in  the  know  today  and  tomorrow.  the  circonus  platform  is  the  only  machine  data  intelligence  platform  capable  of  handling  unprecedented  data  volumes,  up  to  billions  of  events  or  metrics  at  high  frequency,  in  real  time  to  drive  critical  business  insight  and  value.  the  circonus  platform  provides  comprehensive,  realtime  analytics  that  enable
__label__situationalsurveillance deeper  insights  into  opportunities  and  issues,  including  predictive  maintenance,  anomaly  detection,  seasonal  trend  correlation,  and  overall  usage  trends.  across  industries,  this  data  can  be  applied  to  measure  and  monitor  pressure  changes,  temperature  changes,  location  changes,  and  availability,  among  a  host  of  other  metrics.  from  widespread  consumer  applications  to  rugged  industrial  uses,  circonus  works  with  any  data  and  any  technology,  easily  and  costeffectively  integrating  into  an  organizations  overall  iot/iiot  strategy  to  ensure  complete  visibility  into  your  mission  critical  deployments.  take  full  advantage  of  all  of  your  iot  data  to  derive  better  insights  and  intelligence  about  your  sensors  and  systems.  circonus  redefines
__label__situationalsurveillance real  time  with  its  ability  to  handle  any  data  volume  at  subsecond  frequencies.  incoming  iot  data  is  analyzed  in  the  ingestion  pipeline,  enabling  true  realtime  alerts.  circonus  makes  it  easy  to  visualize  any  data,  in  any  application,  from  any  system,  in  real  time.  circonus  provides  forensic,  predictive,  and  automated  analytics  capabilities  that  no  other  product  can  match,  and  at  a  scale  that  other  products  can  only  dream  of.  leverage  the  ability  to  tap  into  all  of  your  machine  data  to  gain  new  levels  of  business  insight.  easily  combine  business  and  operations  metrics  in  graphs  and  dashboards  that  highlight  business  performance
__label__situationalsurveillance and  impact.  access  powerful,  alerting  capabilities  that  eliminate  false  positives  and  identify  critical  issues  with  zerolatency.  identify  areas  of  opportunity  and  challenge  in  real  time.  rely  on  machine  learning  to  automatically  set  a  new  normal  as  your  data  and  operations  dynamically  change.  circonus  allows  us  to  cost  effectively  expand  our  metrics  storage  infrastructure  to  meet  our  constantly  changing  needs  and  the  demands  of  our  never  ending  growth.  in  addition  irondb  provides  redundancy,  easy  cluster  management  and  more  advanced  analytic  capabilities  all  of  which  were  sorely  lacking  in  our  open  source  graphite  infrastructure.  learn  how  our  machine  data  intelligence  and  insight
__label__situationalsurveillance can  drive  new  levels  of  value  and  impact  in  your  business  and  operations.  circonus  is  the  machine  data  intelligence  expert,  providing  the  only  machine  data  intelligence  platform  capable  of  handling  billions  of  metric  streams  in  real  time  to  drive  unprecedented  business  insight  and  value.  8161  maple  lawn  blvd.,  suite  320  fulton,  md  20759  8773856194  2019  circonus,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  get  new  blog  posts  delivered  to  your  inbox  every  month
__label__situationalsurveillance heres  a  big  number:  94  billion.  thats  how  much  the  internet  of  thingsenabled  retail  market  could  be  worth  as  more  and  more  retailrelated  businesses  adopt  iot  technology  to  improve  a  variety  of  products  and  services  from  warehousing  and  equipment  maintenance  to  supply  chain  management  and,  of  course,shopping  itself.  with  the  growth  of  the  internet  of  things,  customers  will  enjoy  an  increasingly  connected  or  smart  shopping  experience  through  a  network  of  connections  linking  the  physical  and  digital  worlds  into  an  ecosystem  of  devices,  including  vehicles,  stores  and  software,  walmart  ceo  doug  mcmillon  .  the  internet  of  things,  drones,  delivery  robots,  3dprinting
__label__situationalsurveillance and  selfdriving  cars  will  allow  retailers  to  further  automate  and  optimize  supply  chains  too.  both  sides  of  the  equation  demand  and  supply  will  change  dramatically.  these  retail  and  retail  adjacent  sectors  are  being  transformed  by  the  ongoing  and  .  by  improving  the  customer  experience  through  digital  connectivity  and  data  collection,  smart  stores  help  retailers  retain  business  and  increase  revenues.  theoretically,  anyway.  from  helpful  robots  that  roam  the  aisles  monitoring  inventory  to  pointofsale  systems  that  let  customers  buy  items  on  the  spot  instead  of  standing  in  a  checkout  line,  the  shopping  experience  is  being  transformed.  aliso  viejo,  california  awms  is  outfitted
__label__situationalsurveillance with  edge  displays  and  highdef  optical  sensors  to  display  product  pricing  and  information  that  transmit  data  about  inventory  levels.  it  can  also  recognize  a  consumers  age,  gender  and  ethnicity  for  the  purposes  of  delivering  more  specific  display  content.  retail  clients  include  walmart,  hershey  and  frito  lay.  denver,  colorado  counting  system  and  retail  analytics  technology  helps  retailers  determine  optimal  staffing  levels  for  different  dates  and  times,  improve  marketing  strategies,  gauge  traffic  flow,  enhance  customer  service  and  more.  clients  include  room  board,  helly  hansen  and  madame  tussauds  hollywood.  davis,  california  s  competitive  intelligence  platform  helps  retailers  determine  a  pricing  strategy  by  providing
__label__situationalsurveillance competitive  price  data  and  product  linking  capabilities  as  well  as  machinelearningbased  analytics,  all  on  one  dashboard.  engage3  was  recently  included  on  the  inc.  5000  list  of  fastestgrowing  private  companies  in  the  u.s.  personalized  deals,  assistance  finding  products  and  easy  checkout  are  just  some  of  the  ways  retailers  are  staying  connected  with  customers  using  iot  technology.  these  companies  help  make  it  happen.  brooklyn,  new  york  makes  a  smart  selfcheckout  cart  powered  by  amazongos  ai,  sensor  and  image  recognition  technology.  customers  simply  pick  items  from  shelves,  scan  the  items  barcode,  drop  it  in  the  cart,  and  pay  directly  on  the  cart  when
__label__situationalsurveillance shopping  is  done.  no  app  necessary,  no  cash  changes  hands,  no  waiting  in  line.  according  to  the  latest  news,  capers  product  has  yet  to  hit  the  consumer  marketplace.  san  francisco,  california  aidriven  platform  helps  retailers  get  the  right  messages  to  the  right  customers  at  the  right  times  via  mobile.  the  companys  simple  interface  includes  outofthebox  personalized  messaging,  order  and  payment,  loyalty  and  analytics  with  low  total  cost  of  ownership.  plexure  recently  saw  its  first  net  profit  1.1  million  thanks  to  a  51  revenue  increase  for  the  six  months  ended  sept.  30.  new  york,  new  york  makes  several  different  iotenabled  beacons
__label__situationalsurveillance that  can  track  movements  of  assets,  employees,  visitors,  monitor  environmental  factors  temperature,  humidity,  light  and  be  stuck  to  stationary  objects  like  shelves  and  ceilings  to  improve  customer  engagement  and  locationbased  content.  the  company  recently  released  three  new  bluetooth  products  that  will  allow  customers  to  onboard  thirdparty  bluetooth  devices  for  realtime  location  tracking,  condition  monitoring  and  safety  and  security  solutions.  more  easily  locating  items,  reducing  damage  and  increasing  efficiency  and  productivity  are  just  some  of  the  ways  retail  warehouses  are  getting  smarter  through  the  use  of  iot  technology.  these  companies  help  make  it  happen.  seattle,  washington  through  its  cloudbased  platform,  provides
__label__situationalsurveillance flexible  ondemand  warehousing  by  connecting  companies  and  organizations  that  need  space  with  those  that  have  a  surplus  of  space.  the  companys  north  american  marketplace  includes  more  than  1,000  warehouses  in  more  than  45  markets.  flexe  ceo  karl  siebrecht  recently  said  his  company  is  using  part  of  a  14.5  million  raise  from  2016  to  hire  more  software  engineering  and  logistics  professionals  who  can  further  improve  the  companys  software.  wilmingham,  massachusetts  makes  autonomous  mobile  robots  that  optimize  warehouse  operations  by  reducing  labor  costs  and  improving  order  fulfillment  speed  and  accuracy,  all  without  disruption  to  ongoing  warehouse  operations.  locus  robots  are  used  by
__label__situationalsurveillance the  worldwide  shipping  company  dhl  in  some  of  the  companys  more  modern  facilities.  boston,massachusetts  provides  software,  products  and  system  integration  through  its  cloudbased  intelligence  platform  siteworx  that  enables  connected  led  lighting  and  iot  sensors.  it  claims  to  provide  lighting  for  a  tenth  the  cost  as  well  as  a  reduced  carbon  footprint.  in  order  to  meet  company  sustainability  initiatives  and  comply  with  californias  building  energy  code,  gelsons  supermarket  chain  recently  chose  an  intelligent  lighting  system  from  digital  lumans  for  its  massive  distribution  center  in  santa  fe  springs,  calif.  as  forbes  contributor  daniel  newman  recently  put  it,  the  iot  is  set  to
__label__situationalsurveillance revolutionize  the  supply  chain  with  both  and  with  its  extreme  transparency.  every  step  along  the  way,  from  production  to  transportation  to  storage  to  retail  stocking  is  trackable  and  monitorable.  these  companies  are  helping  to  guide  the  way.  lincolnshire,  illinois  rugged  tracking  technology  employs  iot  to  providerealtime  visibility  of  products  and  people,  whether  in  the  warehouse  or  in  transit.  services  include  customer  fulfillment  and  experience  as  well  as  instore  operations  like  couponing,  pointofsale  and  inventory  management.  through  itsiotconnected  savanna  data  intelligence  platform,  the  company  offers  an  array  of  business  solutions  including  something  called  smartlens,which  automatically  senses  and  records  location  and  movement
__label__situationalsurveillance data  for  almost  every  item  in  a  store,  then  offers  actionable  intelligence  based  on  that  data.  german  supermarket  chainfeneberg  lebensmittel  gmbhupgraded  its  checkout  systems  with  zebra  technologies.  cambridge,massachusetts  through  its  proprietary  sensor  and  software,  helps  users  keep  realtime  tabs  on  the  condition  of  their  shipped  goods,  notifying  them  about  shock,  vibration,  tilt  and  other  factors  that  might  detrimentally  affect  those  goods.  doing  so  allows  retailers  to  expedite  a  replacement  shipment  and  give  customers  a  headsup.  tive  users  are  also  able  to  tell  when  and  where  the  damage  occurred  so  future  routes  can  be  adjusted  if  necessary.  tive  recently  upgraded  its
__label__situationalsurveillance multisensor  tracker,  which  now  has  a  much  longer  battery  life  and  more  accurate  wifipowered  location  tracking.  minneapolis,  minnesota  software  gets  inventory  and  information  from  supplier  to  shelf  more  quickly  and  efficiently  for  thousands  of  customers  around  the  world.  the  company  provides  solutions  that  include  warehouse  management  systems,  transportation  management  systems,  route  accounting  systems  and  much  more.  the  company  recently  rolled  out  its  highjump  warehouse  management  system  that  will  use  iotculled  data  to  improve  warehouse  operations.  knowing  when  a  piece  of  equipment  might  break  down,  or  when  it  actually  does  break  down,  is  invaluable  when  it  comes  to  stocking,  shipping,  storage
__label__situationalsurveillance and  more.  these  companies  provide  products  and  services  that  keep  equipment  in  working  condition  and  retailrelated  operations  chugging  along.  redwood  city,  california  machinery  supplier  uses  iotenabled  ai  and  machine  learning  to  identify  failures  proactively  by  employing  dynamic  algorithms  that  analyze  sensor  data,  scada  data,  asset  management  systems  even  technician  notes  and  weather  to  predict  failure  well  in  advance  and  learn  from  that  failure  to  finetune  its  future  predictions.  the  company  recently  updated  its  platform  with  a  host  of  new  features  as  well  as  improvements  to  applications  used  for  inventory  optimization,  predictive  maintenance  and  more.  chicago,  illinois  technology  helps  bring  nondigital
__label__situationalsurveillance things  into  the  digital  age.  in  the  retail  sector,  it  works  with  consumer  goods,  department  stores,  discount  stores  and  grocers  to  enhance  customer  service,  maximize  profits,  optimize  merchandising,  tweak  pricing  and  much  more.  cognizant  recently  installed  iotenabled  sensors  to  cull  and  transmit  data  from  a  retailers  refrigeration  equipment  controllers.  the  platform  logged,  monitored  and  predicted  alarms  and  failures.  rome,  italy  provides  iot  modules,  platforms,  connectivity  and  services  for  multiple  sectors,  including  retail,  that  give  users  realtime  insight  into  buyer  behavior  and  inventory.  the  companys  iot  retail  applications  include  vending  machines  and  kiosks,  digital  signage  and  monitoring  systems  for  food  and
__label__situationalsurveillance beverage  companies.  the  company  recently  announced  the  launch  of  mini  iot  modules  for  use  with  wearable  medical  devices,  fitness  trackers,  industrial  sensors,  smart  metering  and  other  applications.  images  via  social  media,  shutterstock  and  screenshots  of  company  web  pages.  thats  where  we  come  in.  built  in  2019
__label__situationalsurveillance c.  elegans  clear  clear  search  menu  addcircleoutline  removecircleoutline  share  announcement  textsms  find  support  for  a  specific  problem  on  the  support  section  of  our  website.  please  let  us  know  what  you  think  of  our  products  and  services.  our  dedicated  information  section  provides  allows  you  to  learn  more  about  mdpi.  clear  sensors  2019  ,  19  6,1469;  :  2018  2017  2015  2016  2018  2018  2018  2015  2018  2018  2016  2017  2017  2018  2018  2017  figure  1.  figure  1.  figure  2.  figure  2.  figure  3.  figure  3.  figure  4.  figure  4.  figure  5.  figure  5.  figure  6.  figure  6.  figure  7.  figure  7.  figure
