__label__assetoperationsoptimization monitoring  and  evaluation  me  is  used  to  assess  the  performance  of  projects,  institutions  and  programmes  set  up  by  governments,  international  organisations  and  ngos.  its  goal  is  to  improve  current  and  future  management  of  outputs,  outcomes  and  impact.  monitoring  is  a  continuous  assessment  of  programmes  based  on  early  detailed  information  on  the  progress  or  delay  of  the  ongoing  assessed  activities.  an  evaluation  is  a  examination  concerning  the  relevance,  effectiveness,  efficiency  and  impact  of  activities  in  the  light  of  specified  objectives.  monitoring  and  evaluation  processes  can  be  managed  by  the  donors  financing  the  assessed  activities,  by  an  independent  branch  of  the  implementing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization organization,  by  the  project  managers  or  implementing  team  themselves  and/or  by  a  private  company.  the  credibility  and  objectivity  of  monitoring  and  evaluation  reports  depend  very  much  on  the  independence  of  the  evaluators.  their  expertise  and  independence  is  of  major  importance  for  the  process  to  be  successful.many  international  organizations  such  as  the  united  nations,  usaid,  the  world  bank  group  and  the  organization  of  american  states  have  been  utilizing  this  process  for  many  years.  the  process  is  also  growing  in  popularity  in  the  developing  countries  where  the  governments  have  created  their  own  national  me  systems  to  assess  the  development  projects,  the  resource
__label__assetoperationsoptimization management  and  the  government  activities  or  administration.  the  developed  countries  are  using  this  process  to  assess  their  own  development  and  cooperation  agencies.  evaluation  the  me  is  separated  into  two  distinguished  categories:  evaluation  and  monitoring.  an  evaluation  is  a  systematic  and  objective  examination  concerning  the  relevance,  effectiveness,  efficiency  and  impact  of  activities  in  the  light  of  specified  objectives.  the  idea  in  evaluating  projects  is  to  isolate  errors  in  order  to  avoid  repeating  them  and  to  underline  and  promote  the  successful  mechanisms  for  current  and  future  projects.an  important  goal  of  evaluation  is  to  provide  recommendations  and  lessons  to  the  project  managers  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization implementation  teams  that  have  worked  on  the  projects  and  for  the  ones  that  will  implement  and  work  on  similar  projects.evaluations  are  also  indirectly  a  means  to  report  to  the  donor  about  the  activities  implemented.  it  is  a  means  to  verify  that  the  donated  funds  are  being  well  managed  and  transparently  spent.  the  evaluators  are  supposed  to  check  and  analyse  the  budget  lines  and  to  report  the  findings  in  their  work.monitoring  and  evaluation  is  also  useful  in  the  facilities  hospitals,  it  enables  the  donors  such  as  who,unicef  to  know  whether  the  funds  provided  are  well  utilised  in  purchasing  drugs  and  also
__label__assetoperationsoptimization equipments  in  the  hospitals.  monitoring  monitoring  is  a  continuous  assessment  that  aims  at  providing  all  stakeholders  with  early  detailed  information  on  the  progress  or  delay  of  the  ongoing  assessed  activities.  it  is  an  oversight  of  the  activitys  implementation  stage.  its  purpose  is  to  determine  if  the  outputs,  deliveries  and  schedules  planned  have  been  reached  so  that  action  can  be  taken  to  correct  the  deficiencies  as  quickly  as  possible.good  planning,  combined  with  effective  monitoring  and  evaluation,  can  play  a  major  role  in  enhancing  the  effectiveness  of  development  programs  and  projects.  good  planning  helps  focus  on  the  results  that  matter,  while  monitoring
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  evaluation  help  us  learn  from  past  successes  and  challenges  and  inform  decision  making  so  that  current  and  future  initiatives  are  better  able  to  improve  peoples  lives  and  expand  their  choices.  differences  between  monitoring  and  evaluation  the  common  ground  for  monitoring  and  evaluation  is  that  they  are  both  management  tools.  for  monitoring,  data  and  information  collection  for  tracking  progress  according  to  the  terms  of  reference  is  gathered  periodically  which  is  not  the  case  in  evaluations  for  which  the  data  and  information  collection  is  happening  during  or  in  view  of  the  evaluation.  the  monitoring  is  a  short  term  assessment  and  does
__label__assetoperationsoptimization not  take  into  consideration  the  outcomes  and  impact  unlike  the  evaluation  process  which  also  assesses  the  outcomes  and  sometime  longer  term  impact.  this  impact  assessment  occurs  sometimes  after  the  end  of  a  project,  even  though  it  is  rare  because  of  its  cost  and  of  the  difficulty  to  determine  whether  the  project  is  responsible  of  the  observed  results.evaluation  is  a  systematic  and  objective  examination  which  is  conducted  on  monthly,  yearly  basis,  unlike  monitoring  which  is  continuous  assessment  providing  stakeholders  with  early  information.monitoring  checks  on  all  the  activities  on  the  lastimplementation  stage  unlike  evaluation  which  entails  information  on  whethere  the  donated  funds
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  well  managed  and  that  they  are  transparently  spent.  importance  although  evaluations  are  often  retrospective,  their  purpose  is  essentially  forward  looking.  evaluation  applies  the  lessons  and  recommendations  to  decisions  about  current  and  future  programmes.  evaluations  can  also  be  used  to  promote  new  projects,  get  support  from  governments,  raise  funds  from  public  or  private  institutions  and  inform  the  general  public  on  the  different  activities.it  is  also  very  important  as  monitoring  team  give  the  recommendation  to  the  school  visited  e.g.  k.h.s  and  g.s.g.the  paris  declaration  on  aid  effectiveness  in  february  2005  and  the  followup  meeting  in  accra  underlined  the  importance  of  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization evaluation  process  and  of  the  ownership  of  its  conduct  by  the  projects  hosting  countries.  many  developing  countries  now  have  me  systems  and  the  tendency  is  growing.  performance  measurement  the  credibility  of  findings  and  assessments  depends  to  a  large  extent  on  the  manner  in  which  monitoring  and  evaluation  is  conducted.  to  assess  performance,  it  is  necessary  to  select,  before  the  implementation  of  the  project,  indicators  which  will  permit  to  rate  the  targeted  outputs  and  outcomes.  according  to  the  united  nations  development  programme  undp,  an  outcome  indicator  has  two  components:  the  baseline  which  is  the  situation  before  the  programme  or  project  begins,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  the  target  which  is  the  expected  situation  at  the  end  of  the  project.  an  output  indicator  that  does  not  have  any  baseline  as  the  purpose  of  the  output  is  to  introduce  something  that  does  not  exist  yet.  in  the  united  nations  the  most  important  agencies  of  the  united  nations  have  a  monitoring  and  evaluation  unit.  all  these  agencies  are  supposed  to  follow  the  common  standards  of  the  united  nations  evaluation  group  uneg.  these  norms  concern  the  institutional  framework  and  management  of  the  evaluation  function,  the  competencies  and  ethics,  and  the  way  to  conduct  evaluations  and  present  reports  design,  process,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization team  selection,  implementation,  reporting  and  follow  up.  this  group  also  provides  guidelines  and  relevant  documentation  to  all  evaluation  organs  being  part  of  the  united  nations  or  not.most  agencies  implementing  projects  and  programmes,  even  if  following  the  common  uneg  standards,  have  their  own  handbook  and  guidelines  on  how  to  conduct  me.  indeed,  the  un  agencies  have  different  specialisations  and  have  different  needs  and  ways  of  approaching  me.  the  me  branches  of  every  un  agency  are  monitored  and  rated  by  the  joint  inspection  unit  of  the  united  nations.  see  also  evaluationmeasure  evaluation  references
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  thermometer  is  a  device  that  measures  temperature  or  a  temperature  gradient.  a  thermometer  has  two  important  elements:  1  a  temperature  sensor  e.g.  the  bulb  of  a  mercuryinglass  thermometer  or  the  pyrometric  sensor  in  an  infrared  thermometer  in  which  some  change  occurs  with  a  change  in  temperature;  and  2  some  means  of  converting  this  change  into  a  numerical  value  e.g.  the  visible  scale  that  is  marked  on  a  mercuryinglass  thermometer  or  the  digital  readout  on  an  infrared  model.  thermometers  are  widely  used  in  technology  and  industry  to  monitor  processes,  in  meteorology,  in  medicine,  and  in  scientific  research.some  of  the  principles
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  thermometer  were  known  to  greek  philosophers  of  two  thousand  years  ago.  the  italian  physician  santorio  santorio  sanctorius,  15611636  is  commonly  credited  with  the  invention  of  the  first  thermometer,  but  its  standardisation  was  completed  through  the  17th  and  18th  centuries.  history  while  an  individual  thermometer  is  able  to  measure  degrees  of  hotness,  the  readings  on  two  thermometers  cannot  be  compared  unless  they  conform  to  an  agreed  scale.  today  there  is  an  absolute  thermodynamic  temperature  scale.  internationally  agreed  temperature  scales  are  designed  to  approximate  this  closely,  based  on  fixed  points  and  interpolating  thermometers.  the  most  recent  official  temperature  scale  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  international  temperature  scale  of  1990.  it  extends  from  0.65  k  272.5  c;  458.5  f  to  approximately  1,358  k  1,085  c;  1,985  f.  early  developments  various  authors  have  credited  the  invention  of  the  thermometer  to  hero  of  alexandria.  the  thermometer  was  not  a  single  invention,  however,  but  a  development.hero  of  alexandria  1070  ad  knew  of  the  principle  that  certain  substances,  notably  air,  expand  and  contract  and  described  a  demonstration  in  which  a  closed  tube  partially  filled  with  air  had  its  end  in  a  container  of  water.  the  expansion  and  contraction  of  the  air  caused  the  position  of  the  water/air  interface
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  move  along  the  tube.such  a  mechanism  was  later  used  to  show  the  hotness  and  coldness  of  the  air  with  a  tube  in  which  the  water  level  is  controlled  by  the  expansion  and  contraction  of  the  gas.  these  devices  were  developed  by  several  european  scientists  in  the  16th  and  17th  centuries,  notably  galileo  galilei  and  santorio  santorio.  as  a  result,  devices  were  shown  to  produce  this  effect  reliably,  and  the  term  thermoscope  was  adopted  because  it  reflected  the  changes  in  sensible  heat  the  modern  concept  of  temperature  was  yet  to  arise.  the  difference  between  a  thermoscope  and  a  thermometer  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  the  latter  has  a  scale.  though  galileo  is  often  said  to  be  the  inventor  of  the  thermometer,  there  is  no  surviving  document  that  he  actually  produced  any  such  instrument.the  first  clear  diagram  of  a  thermoscope  was  published  in  1617  by  giuseppe  biancani  1566  1624:  the  first  showing  a  scale  and  thus  constituting  a  thermometer  was  santorio  santorio  in  1625.  this  was  a  vertical  tube,  closed  by  a  bulb  of  air  at  the  top,  with  the  lower  end  opening  into  a  vessel  of  water.  the  water  level  in  the  tube  is  controlled  by  the  expansion  and  contraction  of  the  air,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization so  it  is  what  we  would  now  call  an  air  thermometer.the  word  thermometer  in  its  french  form  first  appeared  in  1624  in  la  rcration  mathmatique  by  j.  leurechon,  who  describes  one  with  a  scale  of  8  degrees.  the  word  comes  from  the  greek  words  ,  thermos,  meaning  hot  and  ,  metron,  meaning  measure.the  above  instruments  suffered  from  the  disadvantage  that  they  were  also  barometers,  i.e.  sensitive  to  air  pressure.  in  1629,  joseph  solomon  delmedigo,  a  student  of  galileo  and  santorio  in  padua,  published  what  is  apparently  the  first  description  and  illustration  of  a  sealed  liquidinglass  thermometer.  it  is  described  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization having  a  bulb  at  the  bottom  of  a  sealed  tube  partially  filled  with  brandy.  the  tube  has  a  numbered  scale.  delmedigo  does  not  claim  to  have  invented  this  instrument,  nor  does  he  name  anyone  else  as  its  inventor.  in  about  1654  ferdinando  ii  de  medici,  grand  duke  of  tuscany  16101670,  actually  produced  such  an  instrument,  the  first  modernstyle  thermometer,  dependent  on  the  expansion  of  a  liquid,  and  independent  of  air  pressure.  many  other  scientists  experimented  with  various  liquids  and  designs  of  thermometer.however,  each  inventor  and  each  thermometer  was  uniquethere  was  no  standard  scale.  in  1665  christiaan  huygens  16291695  suggested  using
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  melting  and  boiling  points  of  water  as  standards,  and  in  1694  carlo  renaldini  16151698  proposed  using  them  as  fixed  points  on  a  universal  scale.  in  1701,  isaac  newton  16421726/27  proposed  a  scale  of  12  degrees  between  the  melting  point  of  ice  and  body  temperature.  era  of  precision  thermometry  in  1714  dutch  scientist  and  inventor  daniel  gabriel  fahrenheit  invented  the  first  reliable  thermometer,  using  mercury  instead  of  alcohol  and  water  mixtures.  in  1724  he  proposed  a  temperature  scale  which  now  slightly  adjusted  bears  his  name.  he  could  do  this  because  he  manufactured  thermometers,  using  mercury  which  has  a  high  coefficient
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  expansion  for  the  first  time  and  the  quality  of  his  production  could  provide  a  finer  scale  and  greater  reproducibility,  leading  to  its  general  adoption.  in  1742,  anders  celsius  17011744  proposed  a  scale  with  zero  at  the  boiling  point  and  100  degrees  at  the  freezing  point  of  water,  though  the  scale  which  now  bears  his  name  has  them  the  other  way  around.  french  entomologist  ren  antoine  ferchault  de  raumur  invented  an  alcohol  thermometer  and  temperature  scale  in  1730  that  ultimately  proved  to  be  less  reliable  than  fahrenheits  mercury  thermometer.the  first  physician  that  put  thermometer  measurements  to  clinical  practice  was  herman
__label__assetoperationsoptimization boerhaave  16681738.  in  1866,  sir  thomas  clifford  allbutt  18361925  invented  a  clinical  thermometer  that  produced  a  body  temperature  reading  in  five  minutes  as  opposed  to  twenty.  in  1999,  dr.  francesco  pompei  of  the  exergen  corporation  introduced  the  worlds  first  temporal  artery  thermometer,  a  noninvasive  temperature  sensor  which  scans  the  forehead  in  about  two  seconds  and  provides  a  medically  accurate  body  temperature.  registering  traditional  thermometers  were  all  nonregistering  thermometers.  that  is,  the  thermometer  did  not  hold  the  temperature  reading  after  it  was  moved  to  a  place  with  a  different  temperature.  determining  the  temperature  of  a  pot  of  hot  liquid  required  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization user  to  leave  the  thermometer  in  the  hot  liquid  until  after  reading  it.  if  the  nonregistering  thermometer  was  removed  from  the  hot  liquid,  then  the  temperature  indicated  on  the  thermometer  would  immediately  begin  changing  to  reflect  the  temperature  of  its  new  conditions  in  this  case,  the  air  temperature.  registering  thermometers  are  designed  to  hold  the  temperature  indefinitely,  so  that  the  thermometer  can  be  removed  and  read  at  a  later  time  or  in  a  more  convenient  place.  mechanical  registering  thermometers  hold  either  the  highest  or  lowest  temperature  recorded,  until  manually  reset,  e.g.,  by  shaking  down  a  mercuryinglass  thermometer,  or  until  an
__label__assetoperationsoptimization even  more  extreme  temperature  is  experienced.  electronic  registering  thermometers  may  be  designed  to  remember  the  highest  or  lowest  temperature,  or  to  remember  whatever  temperature  was  present  at  a  specified  point  in  time.thermometers  increasingly  use  electronic  means  to  provide  a  digital  display  or  input  to  a  computer.  physical  principles  of  thermometry  thermometers  may  be  described  as  empirical  or  absolute.  absolute  thermometers  are  calibrated  numerically  by  the  thermodynamic  absolute  temperature  scale.  empirical  thermometers  are  not  in  general  necessarily  in  exact  agreement  with  absolute  thermometers  as  to  their  numerical  scale  readings,  but  to  qualify  as  thermometers  at  all  they  must  agree  with  absolute
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thermometers  and  with  each  other  in  the  following  way:  given  any  two  bodies  isolated  in  their  separate  respective  thermodynamic  equilibrium  states,  all  thermometers  agree  as  to  which  of  the  two  has  the  higher  temperature,  or  that  the  two  have  equal  temperatures.  for  any  two  empirical  thermometers,  this  does  not  require  that  the  relation  between  their  numerical  scale  readings  be  linear,  but  it  does  require  that  relation  to  be  strictly  monotonic.  this  is  a  fundamental  character  of  temperature  and  thermometers.as  it  is  customarily  stated  in  textbooks,  taken  alone,  the  socalled  zeroth  law  of  thermodynamics  fails  to  deliver  this  information,  but  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization statement  of  the  zeroth  law  of  thermodynamics  by  james  serrin  in  1977,  though  rather  mathematically  abstract,  is  more  informative  for  thermometry:  zeroth  law  there  exists  a  topological  line  m  displaystyle  m  which  serves  as  a  coordinate  manifold  of  material  behaviour.  the  points  l  displaystyle  l  of  the  manifold  m  displaystyle  m  are  called  hotness  levels,  and  m  displaystyle  m  is  called  the  universal  hotness  manifold.  to  this  information  there  needs  to  be  added  a  sense  of  greater  hotness;  this  sense  can  be  had,  independently  of  calorimetry,  of  thermodynamics,  and  of  properties  of  particular  materials,  from  wiens  displacement  law  of  thermal
__label__assetoperationsoptimization radiation:  the  temperature  of  a  bath  of  thermal  radiation  is  proportional,  by  a  universal  constant,  to  the  frequency  of  the  maximum  of  its  frequency  spectrum;  this  frequency  is  always  positive,  but  can  have  values  that  tend  to  zero.  another  way  of  identifying  hotter  as  opposed  to  colder  conditions  is  supplied  by  plancks  principle,  that  when  a  process  of  isochoric  adiabatic  work  is  the  sole  means  of  change  of  internal  energy  of  a  closed  system,  the  final  state  of  the  system  is  never  colder  than  the  initial  state;  except  for  phase  changes  with  latent  heat,  it  is  hotter  than  the  initial
__label__assetoperationsoptimization state.there  are  several  principles  on  which  empirical  thermometers  are  built,  as  listed  in  the  section  of  this  article  entitled  primary  and  secondary  thermometers.  several  such  principles  are  essentially  based  on  the  constitutive  relation  between  the  state  of  a  suitably  selected  particular  material  and  its  temperature.  only  some  materials  are  suitable  for  this  purpose,  and  they  may  be  considered  as  thermometric  materials.  radiometric  thermometry,  in  contrast,  can  be  only  slightly  dependent  on  the  constitutive  relations  of  materials.  in  a  sense  then,  radiometric  thermometry  might  be  thought  of  as  universal.  this  is  because  it  rests  mainly  on  a  universality  character  of  thermodynamic
__label__assetoperationsoptimization equilibrium,  that  it  has  the  universal  property  of  producing  blackbody  radiation.  thermometric  materials  there  are  various  kinds  of  empirical  thermometer  based  on  material  properties.many  empirical  thermometers  rely  on  the  constitutive  relation  between  pressure,  volume  and  temperature  of  their  thermometric  material.  for  example,  mercury  expands  when  heated.if  it  is  used  for  its  relation  between  pressure  and  volume  and  temperature,  a  thermometric  material  must  have  three  properties:1  its  heating  and  cooling  must  be  rapid.  that  is  to  say,  when  a  quantity  of  heat  enters  or  leaves  a  body  of  the  material,  the  material  must  expand  or  contract  to  its  final  volume  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reach  its  final  pressure  and  must  reach  its  final  temperature  with  practically  no  delay;  some  of  the  heat  that  enters  can  be  considered  to  change  the  volume  of  the  body  at  constant  temperature,  and  is  called  the  latent  heat  of  expansion  at  constant  temperature;  and  the  rest  of  it  can  be  considered  to  change  the  temperature  of  the  body  at  constant  volume,  and  is  called  the  specific  heat  at  constant  volume.  some  materials  do  not  have  this  property,  and  take  some  time  to  distribute  the  heat  between  temperature  and  volume  change.2  its  heating  and  cooling  must  be  reversible.  that  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  say,  the  material  must  be  able  to  be  heated  and  cooled  indefinitely  often  by  the  same  increment  and  decrement  of  heat,  and  still  return  to  its  original  pressure,  volume  and  temperature  every  time.  some  plastics  do  not  have  this  property;3  its  heating  and  cooling  must  be  monotonic.  that  is  to  say,  throughout  the  range  of  temperatures  for  which  it  is  intended  to  work,a  at  a  given  fixed  pressure,either  the  volume  increases  when  the  temperature  increases,  or  else  the  volume  decreases  when  the  temperature  increases;but  not  for  some  temperatures  and  for  others;  orb  at  a  given  fixed  volume,either  the  pressure
__label__assetoperationsoptimization increases  when  the  temperature  increases,  or  else  the  pressure  decreases  when  the  temperature  increases;but  not  for  some  temperatures  and  for  others.at  temperatures  around  about  4  c,  water  does  not  have  the  property  3,  and  is  said  to  behave  anomalously  in  this  respect;  thus  water  cannot  be  used  as  a  material  for  this  kind  of  thermometry  for  temperature  ranges  near  4  c.gases,  on  the  other  hand,  all  have  the  properties  1,  2,  and  3a  and  3b.  consequently,  they  are  suitable  thermometric  materials,  and  that  is  why  they  were  important  in  the  development  of  thermometry.  constant  volume  thermometry  according  to  preston  1894/1904,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization regnault  found  constant  pressure  air  thermometers  unsatisfactory,  because  they  needed  troublesome  corrections.  he  therefore  built  a  constant  volume  air  thermometer.  constant  volume  thermometers  do  not  provide  a  way  to  avoid  the  problem  of  anomalous  behaviour  like  that  of  water  at  approximately  4  c.  radiometric  thermometry  plancks  law  very  accurately  quantitatively  describes  the  power  spectral  density  of  electromagnetic  radiation,  inside  a  rigid  walled  cavity  in  a  body  made  of  material  that  is  completely  opaque  and  poorly  reflective,  when  it  has  reached  thermodynamic  equilibrium,  as  a  function  of  absolute  thermodynamic  temperature  alone.  a  small  enough  hole  in  the  wall  of  the  cavity
__label__assetoperationsoptimization emits  near  enough  blackbody  radiation  of  which  the  spectral  radiance  can  be  precisely  measured.  the  walls  of  the  cavity,  provided  they  are  completely  opaque  and  poorly  reflective,  can  be  of  any  material  indifferently.  this  provides  a  wellreproducible  absolute  thermometer  over  a  very  wide  range  of  temperatures,  able  to  measure  the  absolute  temperature  of  a  body  inside  the  cavity.  primary  and  secondary  thermometers  a  thermometer  is  called  primary  or  secondary  based  on  how  the  raw  physical  quantity  it  measures  is  mapped  to  a  temperature.  as  summarized  by  kauppinen  et  al.,  for  primary  thermometers  the  measured  property  of  matter  is  known  so
__label__assetoperationsoptimization well  that  temperature  can  be  calculated  without  any  unknown  quantities.  examples  of  these  are  thermometers  based  on  the  equation  of  state  of  a  gas,  on  the  velocity  of  sound  in  a  gas,  on  the  thermal  noise  voltage  or  current  of  an  electrical  resistor,  and  on  the  angular  anisotropy  of  gamma  ray  emission  of  certain  radioactive  nuclei  in  a  magnetic  field.in  contrast,  secondary  thermometers  are  most  widely  used  because  of  their  convenience.  also,  they  are  often  much  more  sensitive  than  primary  ones.  for  secondary  thermometers  knowledge  of  the  measured  property  is  not  sufficient  to  allow  direct  calculation  of  temperature.  they  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  be  calibrated  against  a  primary  thermometer  at  least  at  one  temperature  or  at  a  number  of  fixed  temperatures.  such  fixed  points,  for  example,  triple  points  and  superconducting  transitions,  occur  reproducibly  at  the  same  temperature.  calibration  thermometers  can  be  calibrated  either  by  comparing  them  with  other  calibrated  thermometers  or  by  checking  them  against  known  fixed  points  on  the  temperature  scale.  the  best  known  of  these  fixed  points  are  the  melting  and  boiling  points  of  pure  water.  note  that  the  boiling  point  of  water  varies  with  pressure,  so  this  must  be  controlled.the  traditional  way  of  putting  a  scale  on  a  liquidinglass
__label__assetoperationsoptimization or  liquidinmetal  thermometer  was  in  three  stages:immerse  the  sensing  portion  in  a  stirred  mixture  of  pure  ice  and  water  at  atmospheric  pressure  and  mark  the  point  indicated  when  it  had  come  to  thermal  equilibrium.immerse  the  sensing  portion  in  a  steam  bath  at  standard  atmospheric  pressure  and  again  mark  the  point  indicated.divide  the  distance  between  these  marks  into  equal  portions  according  to  the  temperature  scale  being  used.other  fixed  points  used  in  the  past  are  the  body  temperature  of  a  healthy  adult  male  which  was  originally  used  by  fahrenheit  as  his  upper  fixed  point  96  f  35.6  c  to  be  a  number
__label__assetoperationsoptimization divisible  by  12  and  the  lowest  temperature  given  by  a  mixture  of  salt  and  ice,  which  was  originally  the  definition  of  0  f  17.8  c.  this  is  an  example  of  a  frigorific  mixture.  as  body  temperature  varies,  the  fahrenheit  scale  was  later  changed  to  use  an  upper  fixed  point  of  boiling  water  at  212  f  100  c.these  have  now  been  replaced  by  the  defining  points  in  the  international  temperature  scale  of  1990,  though  in  practice  the  melting  point  of  water  is  more  commonly  used  than  its  triple  point,  the  latter  being  more  difficult  to  manage  and  thus  restricted  to  critical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization standard  measurement.  nowadays  manufacturers  will  often  use  a  thermostat  bath  or  solid  block  where  the  temperature  is  held  constant  relative  to  a  calibrated  thermometer.  other  thermometers  to  be  calibrated  are  put  into  the  same  bath  or  block  and  allowed  to  come  to  equilibrium,  then  the  scale  marked,  or  any  deviation  from  the  instrument  scale  recorded.  for  many  modern  devices  calibration  will  be  stating  some  value  to  be  used  in  processing  an  electronic  signal  to  convert  it  to  a  temperature.  precision,  accuracy,  and  reproducibility  the  precision  or  resolution  of  a  thermometer  is  simply  to  what  fraction  of  a  degree  it  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization possible  to  make  a  reading.  for  high  temperature  work  it  may  only  be  possible  to  measure  to  the  nearest  10  c  or  more.  clinical  thermometers  and  many  electronic  thermometers  are  usually  readable  to  0.1  c.  special  instruments  can  give  readings  to  one  thousandth  of  a  degree.  however,  this  precision  does  not  mean  the  reading  is  true  or  accurate,  it  only  means  that  very  small  changes  can  be  observed.a  thermometer  calibrated  to  a  known  fixed  point  is  accurate  i.e.  gives  a  true  reading  at  that  point.  most  thermometers  are  originally  calibrated  to  a  constantvolume  gas  thermometer.  in  between  fixed  calibration  points,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization interpolation  is  used,  usually  linear.  this  may  give  significant  differences  between  different  types  of  thermometer  at  points  far  away  from  the  fixed  points.  for  example,  the  expansion  of  mercury  in  a  glass  thermometer  is  slightly  different  from  the  change  in  resistance  of  a  platinum  resistance  thermometer,  so  these  two  will  disagree  slightly  at  around  50  c.  there  may  be  other  causes  due  to  imperfections  in  the  instrument,  e.g.  in  a  liquidinglass  thermometer  if  the  capillary  tube  varies  in  diameter.for  many  purposes  reproducibility  is  important.  that  is,  does  the  same  thermometer  give  the  same  reading  for  the  same  temperature  or  do
__label__assetoperationsoptimization replacement  or  multiple  thermometers  give  the  same  reading?  reproducible  temperature  measurement  means  that  comparisons  are  valid  in  scientific  experiments  and  industrial  processes  are  consistent.  thus  if  the  same  type  of  thermometer  is  calibrated  in  the  same  way  its  readings  will  be  valid  even  if  it  is  slightly  inaccurate  compared  to  the  absolute  scale.an  example  of  a  reference  thermometer  used  to  check  others  to  industrial  standards  would  be  a  platinum  resistance  thermometer  with  a  digital  display  to  0.1  c  its  precision  which  has  been  calibrated  at  5  points  against  national  standards  18,  0,  40,  70,  100  c  and  which  is  certified
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  an  accuracy  of  0.2  c.according  to  british  standards,  correctly  calibrated,  used  and  maintained  liquidinglass  thermometers  can  achieve  a  measurement  uncertainty  of  0.01  c  in  the  range  0  to  100  c,  and  a  larger  uncertainty  outside  this  range:  0.05  c  up  to  200  or  down  to  40  c,  0.2  c  up  to  450  or  down  to  80  c.  indirect  methods  of  temperature  measurement  thermal  expansionutilizing  the  property  of  thermal  expansion  of  various  phases  of  matter.pairs  of  solid  metals  with  different  expansion  coefficients  can  be  used  for  bimetal  mechanical  thermometers.  another  design  using  this  principle  is  breguets  thermometer.some  liquids  possess  relatively
__label__assetoperationsoptimization high  expansion  coefficients  over  a  useful  temperature  ranges  thus  forming  the  basis  for  an  alcohol  or  mercury  thermometer.  alternative  designs  using  this  principle  are  the  reversing  thermometer  and  beckmann  differential  thermometer.as  with  liquids,  gases  can  also  be  used  to  form  a  gas  thermometer.pressurevapour  pressure  thermometerdensitygalileo  thermometerthermochromismsome  compounds  exhibit  thermochromism  at  distinct  temperature  changes.  thus  by  tuning  the  phase  transition  temperatures  for  a  series  of  substances  the  temperature  can  be  quantified  in  discrete  increments,  a  form  of  digitization.  this  is  the  basis  for  a  liquid  crystal  thermometer.band  edge  thermometry  betband  edge  thermometry  bet  takes  advantage  of  the  temperaturedependence  of  the  band
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gap  of  semiconductor  materials  to  provide  very  precise  optical  i.e.  noncontact  temperature  measurements.  bet  systems  require  a  specialized  optical  system,  as  well  as  custom  data  analysis  software.blackbody  radiationall  objects  above  absolute  zero  emit  blackbody  radiation  for  which  the  spectra  is  directly  proportional  to  the  temperature.  this  property  is  the  basis  for  a  pyrometer  or  infrared  thermometer  and  thermography.  it  has  the  advantage  of  remote  temperature  sensing;  it  does  not  require  contact  or  even  close  proximity  unlike  most  thermometers.  at  higher  temperatures,  blackbody  radiation  becomes  visible  and  is  described  by  the  colour  temperature.  for  example  a  glowing  heating  element  or  an
__label__assetoperationsoptimization approximation  of  a  stars  surface  temperature.fluorescencephosphor  thermometryoptical  absorbance  spectrafiber  optical  thermometerelectrical  resistanceresistance  thermometer  which  use  materials  such  as  balco  alloythermistorcoulomb  blockade  thermometerelectrical  potentialthermocouples  are  useful  over  a  wide  temperature  ranges  from  cryogenic  temperatures  to  over  1000c,  but  typically  have  an  error  of  0.51.5c.silicon  bandgap  temperature  sensors  are  commonly  found  packaged  in  integrated  circuits  with  accompanying  adc  and  interface  such  as  i2c.  typically  they  are  specified  to  work  within  about  50  to  150c  with  accuracies  in  the  0.25  to  1c  range  but  can  be  improved  by  binning.electrical  resonancequartz  thermometernuclear  magnetic  resonancechemical  shift  is  temperature  dependent.  this  property  is  used  to  calibrate
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  thermostat  of  nmr  probes,  usually  using  methanol  or  ethylene  glycol.  this  can  potentially  be  problematic  for  internal  standards  which  are  usually  assumed  to  have  a  defined  chemical  shift  e.g  0  ppm  for  tms  but  in  fact  exhibit  a  temperature  dependence.magnetic  susceptibilityabove  the  curie  temperature,  the  magnetic  susceptibility  of  a  paramagnetic  material  exhibits  an  inverse  temperature  dependence.  this  phenomenon  is  the  basis  of  a  magnetic  cryometer.  applications  thermometers  utilize  a  range  of  physical  effects  to  measure  temperature.  temperature  sensors  are  used  in  a  wide  variety  of  scientific  and  engineering  applications,  especially  measurement  systems.  temperature  systems  are  primarily  either  electrical  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mechanical,  occasionally  inseparable  from  the  system  which  they  control  as  in  the  case  of  a  mercuryinglass  thermometer.  thermometers  are  used  in  roadways  in  cold  weather  climates  to  help  determine  if  icing  conditions  exist.  indoors,  thermistors  are  used  in  climate  control  systems  such  as  air  conditioners,  freezers,  heaters,  refrigerators,  and  water  heaters.  galileo  thermometers  are  used  to  measure  indoor  air  temperature,  due  to  their  limited  measurement  range.such  liquid  crystal  thermometers  which  use  thermochromic  liquid  crystals  are  also  used  in  mood  rings  and  used  to  measure  the  temperature  of  water  in  fish  tanks.fiber  bragg  grating  temperature  sensors  are  used  in  nuclear  power
__label__assetoperationsoptimization facilities  to  monitor  reactor  core  temperatures  and  avoid  the  possibility  of  nuclear  meltdowns.  nanothermometry  nanothermometry  is  an  emergent  research  field  dealing  with  the  knowledge  of  temperature  in  the  submicrometric  scale.  conventional  thermometers  cannot  measure  the  temperature  of  an  object  which  is  smaller  than  a  micrometre,  and  new  methods  and  materials  have  to  be  used.  nanothermometry  is  used  in  such  cases.  nanothermometers  are  classified  as  luminescent  thermometers  if  they  use  light  to  measure  temperature  and  nonluminescent  thermometers  systems  where  thermometric  properties  are  not  directly  related  to  luminescence.  cryometer  thermometers  used  specifically  for  low  temperatures.  medical  ear  thermometers  tend  to  be  an
__label__assetoperationsoptimization infrared  thermometer.forehead  thermometer  is  an  example  of  a  liquid  crystal  thermometer.rectal  and  oral  thermometers  have  typically  been  mercury  but  have  since  largely  been  supersceded  by  ntc  thermistors  with  a  digital  readout.various  thermometric  techniques  have  been  used  throughout  history  such  as  the  galileo  thermometer  to  thermal  imaging.medical  thermometers  such  as  mercuryinglass  thermometers,  infrared  thermometers,  pill  thermometers,  and  liquid  crystal  thermometers  are  used  in  health  care  settings  to  determine  if  individuals  have  a  fever  or  are  hypothermic.  food  and  food  safety  thermometers  are  important  in  food  safety,  where  food  at  temperatures  within  41  and  135  f  5  and  57  c  can  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization prone  to  potentially  harmful  levels  of  bacterial  growth  after  several  hours  which  could  lead  to  foodborne  illness.  this  includes  monitoring  refrigeration  temperatures  and  maintaining  temperatures  in  foods  being  served  under  heat  lamps  or  hot  water  baths.cooking  thermometers  are  important  for  determining  if  a  food  is  properly  cooked.  in  particular  meat  thermometers  are  used  to  aid  in  cooking  meat  to  a  safe  internal  temperature  while  preventing  over  cooking.  they  are  commonly  found  using  either  a  bimetallic  coil,  or  a  thermocouple  or  thermistor  with  a  digital  readout.candy  thermometers  are  used  to  aid  in  achieving  a  specific  water  content  in  a  sugar  solution
__label__assetoperationsoptimization based  on  its  boiling  temperature.  environmental  indooroutdoor  thermometerheat  meter  uses  a  thermometer  to  measure  rate  of  heat  flow.thermostats  have  used  bimetallic  strips  but  digital  thermistors  have  since  become  popular.alcohol  thermometers,  infrared  thermometers,  mercuryinglass  thermometers,  recording  thermometers,  thermistors,  and  sixs  thermometers  are  used  in  meteorology  and  climatology  in  various  levels  of  the  atmosphere  and  oceans.  aircraft  use  thermometers  and  hygrometers  to  determine  if  atmospheric  icing  conditions  exist  along  their  flight  path.  these  measurements  are  used  to  initialize  weather  forecast  models.  thermometers  are  used  in  roadways  in  cold  weather  climates  to  help  determine  if  icing  conditions  exist  and  indoors  in  climate  control
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems.  see  also  automated  airport  weather  stationthermodynamic  instrumentsmaximumminimum  thermometerwetanddry  bulb  thermometer  references  further  reading  middleton,  w.e.k.  1966.  a  history  of  the  thermometer  and  its  use  in  meteorology.  baltimore:  johns  hopkins  press.  reprinted  ed.  2002,  isbn  0801871530.history  of  the  thermometer1  recent  review  on  thermometry  at  the  nanoscale  external  links  history  of  temperature  and  thermometrythe  chemical  educator,  vol.  5,  no.  2  2000  the  thermometerfrom  the  feeling  to  the  instrumenthistory  channel  invention  notable  modern  inventions  and  discoveriesabout  thermometer  thermometers  early  history,  anders  celsius,  gabriel  fahrenheit  and  thomson  kelvin.thermometers  and  thermometric  liquids  mercury  and  alcohol.the  nist  industrial  thermometer  calibration  laboratorythermometry  at  the  nanoscalereview
__label__assetoperationsoptimization process  optimization  is  the  discipline  of  adjusting  a  process  so  as  to  optimize  make  the  best  or  most  effective  use  of  some  specified  set  of  parameters  without  violating  some  constraint.  the  most  common  goals  are  minimizing  cost  and  maximizing  throughput  and/or  efficiency.  this  is  one  of  the  major  quantitative  tools  in  industrial  decision  making.when  optimizing  a  process,  the  goal  is  to  maximize  one  or  more  of  the  process  specifications,  while  keeping  all  others  within  their  constraints.  this  can  be  done  by  using  a  process  mining  tool,  discovering  the  critical  activities  and  bottlenecks,  and  acting  only  on  them.  areas  fundamentally,  there
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  three  parameters  that  can  be  adjusted  to  affect  optimal  performance.  they  are:equipment  optimizationthe  first  step  is  to  verify  that  the  existing  equipment  is  being  used  to  its  fullest  advantage  by  examining  operating  data  to  identify  equipment  bottlenecks.operating  proceduresoperating  procedures  may  vary  widely  from  persontoperson  or  from  shifttoshift.  automation  of  the  plant  can  help  significantly.  but  automation  will  be  of  no  help  if  the  operators  take  control  and  run  the  plant  in  manual.control  optimizationin  a  typical  processing  plant,  such  as  a  chemical  plant  or  oil  refinery,  there  are  hundreds  or  even  thousands  of  control  loops.  each  control  loop  is  responsible
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  controlling  one  part  of  the  process,  such  as  maintaining  a  temperature,  level,  or  flow.if  the  control  loop  is  not  properly  designed  and  tuned,  the  process  runs  below  its  optimum.  the  process  will  be  more  expensive  to  operate,  and  equipment  will  wear  out  prematurely.  for  each  control  loop  to  run  optimally,  identification  of  sensor,  valve,  and  tuning  problems  is  important.  it  has  been  well  documented  that  over  35  of  control  loops  typically  have  problems.the  process  of  continuously  monitoring  and  optimizing  the  entire  plant  is  sometimes  called  performance  supervision.  see  also  calculation  of  glass  properties,  optimization  of  several  propertiesdeficit  irrigation  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization optimize  water  productivityprocess  simulationtaguchi  methods  external  links  reference  textbooks  on  taguchi  methodstorsche  scheduling  toolbox  for  matlab  is  a  freely  available  toolbox  of  scheduling  and  graph  algorithms.hillstormer,  a  tool  for  constrained  optimization  by  nelder  mead  in  industry  and  research.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization business  analytics  ba  refers  to  the  skills,  technologies,  practices  for  continuous  iterative  exploration  and  investigation  of  past  business  performance  to  gain  insight  and  drive  business  planning.  business  analytics  focuses  on  developing  new  insights  and  understanding  of  business  performance  based  on  data  and  statistical  methods.  in  contrast,  business  intelligence  traditionally  focuses  on  using  a  consistent  set  of  metrics  to  both  measure  past  performance  and  guide  business  planning,  which  is  also  based  on  data  and  statistical  methods.business  analytics  makes  extensive  use  of  analytical  modeling  and  numerical  analysis,  including  explanatory  and  predictive  modeling,  and  factbased  management  to  drive  decision  making.  it  is  therefore
__label__assetoperationsoptimization closely  related  to  management  science.  analytics  may  be  used  as  input  for  human  decisions  or  may  drive  fully  automated  decisions.  business  intelligence  is  querying,  reporting,  online  analytical  processing  olap,  and  alerts.in  other  words,  querying,  reporting,  olap,  it  is  alert  tools  can  answer  questions  such  as  what  happened,  how  many,  how  often,  where  the  problem  is,  and  what  actions  are  needed.  business  analytics  can  answer  questions  like  why  is  this  happening,  what  if  these  trends  continue,  what  will  happen  next  predict,  and  what  is  the  best  outcome  that  can  happen  optimize.  examples  of  application  in  healthcare,  business  analysis  can  be  used
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  operate  and  manage  clinical  information  systems.it  can  transform  medical  data  from  a  bewildering  array  of  analytical  methods  into  useful  information.  data  analysis  can  also  be  used  to  generate  contemporary  reporting  systems  which  include  the  patients  latest  key  indicators,  historical  trends  and  reference  values.  types  of  analytics  decision  analytics:  supports  human  decisions  with  visual  analytics  that  the  user  models  to  reflect  reasoning.descriptive  analytics:  gains  insight  from  historical  data  with  reporting,  scorecards,  clustering  etc.predictive  analytics:  employs  predictive  modelling  using  statistical  and  machine  learning  techniquesprescriptive  analytics:  recommends  decisions  using  optimization,  simulation,  etc.  basic  domains  within  analytics  behavioral  analyticscohort  analysiscollections  analyticscontextual  data  modeling
__label__assetoperationsoptimization supports  the  human  reasoning  that  occurs  after  viewing  executive  dashboards  or  any  other  visual  analyticscyber  analyticsenterprise  optimizationfinancial  services  analyticsfraud  analyticshealth  care  analyticsmarketing  analyticspricing  analyticsretail  sales  analyticsrisk  credit  analyticssupply  chain  analyticstalent  analyticstelecommunicationstransportation  analyticscustomer  journey  analyticsmarket  basket  analysis  history  analytics  have  been  used  in  business  since  the  management  exercises  were  put  into  place  by  frederick  winslow  taylor  in  the  late  19th  century.  henry  ford  measured  the  time  of  each  component  in  his  newly  established  assembly  line.  but  analytics  began  to  command  more  attention  in  the  late  1960s  when  computers  were  used  in  decision  support  systems.  since  then,  analytics  have  changed  and  formed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  the  development  of  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  systems,  data  warehouses,  and  a  large  number  of  other  software  tools  and  processes.in  later  years  the  business  analytics  have  exploded  with  the  introduction  to  computers.  this  change  has  brought  analytics  to  a  whole  new  level  and  has  brought  about  endless  possibilities.  as  far  as  analytics  has  come  in  history,  and  what  the  current  field  of  analytics  is  today,  many  people  would  never  think  that  analytics  started  in  the  early  1900s  with  mr.  ford  himself.  challenges  business  analytics  depends  on  sufficient  volumes  of  high  quality  data.  the  difficulty  in  ensuring  data  quality  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization integrating  and  reconciling  data  across  different  systems,  and  then  deciding  what  subsets  of  data  to  make  available.previously,  analytics  was  considered  a  type  of  afterthefact  method  of  forecasting  consumer  behavior  by  examining  the  number  of  units  sold  in  the  last  quarter  or  the  last  year.  this  type  of  data  warehousing  required  a  lot  more  storage  space  than  it  did  speed.  now  business  analytics  is  becoming  a  tool  that  can  influence  the  outcome  of  customer  interactions.  when  a  specific  customer  type  is  considering  a  purchase,  an  analyticsenabled  enterprise  can  modify  the  sales  pitch  to  appeal  to  that  consumer.  this  means  the  storage
__label__assetoperationsoptimization space  for  all  that  data  must  react  extremely  fast  to  provide  the  necessary  data  in  realtime.  competing  on  analytics  thomas  davenport,  professor  of  information  technology  and  management  at  babson  college  argues  that  businesses  can  optimize  a  distinct  business  capability  via  analytics  and  thus  better  compete.  he  identifies  these  characteristics  of  an  organization  that  are  apt  to  compete  on  analytics:one  or  more  senior  executives  who  strongly  advocate  factbased  decision  making  and,  specifically,  analyticswidespread  use  of  not  only  descriptive  statistics,  but  also  predictive  modeling  and  complex  optimization  techniquessubstantial  use  of  analytics  across  multiple  business  functions  or  processesmovement  toward  an  enterprise  level  approach
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  managing  analytical  tools,  data,  and  organizational  skills  and  capabilities  see  also  analyticsbusiness  analysisbusiness  analystbusiness  intelligencebusiness  process  discoverycustomer  dynamicstest  and  learn  references  further  reading  davenport,  thomas  h.;  jeanne  g.  harris  march  2007.  competing  on  analytics:  the  new  science  of  winning.  harvard  business  school  press.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  control  system  manages,  commands,  directs,  or  regulates  the  behavior  of  other  devices  or  systems  using  control  loops.  it  can  range  from  a  single  home  heating  controller  using  a  thermostat  controlling  a  domestic  boiler  to  large  industrial  control  systems  which  are  used  for  controlling  processes  or  machines.for  continuously  modulated  control,  a  feedback  controller  is  used  to  automatically  control  a  process  or  operation.  the  control  system  compares  the  value  or  status  of  the  process  variable  pv  being  controlled  with  the  desired  value  or  setpoint  sp,  and  applies  the  difference  as  a  control  signal  to  bring  the  process  variable  output  of  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization plant  to  the  same  value  as  the  setpoint.for  sequential  and  combinational  logic,  software  logic,  such  as  in  a  programmable  logic  controller,  is  used.  openloop  and  closedloop  control  there  are  two  common  classes  of  control  action:  open  loop  and  closed  loop.  in  an  openloop  control  system,  the  control  action  from  the  controller  is  independent  of  the  process  variable.  an  example  of  this  is  a  central  heating  boiler  controlled  only  by  a  timer.  the  control  action  is  the  switching  on  or  off  of  the  boiler.  the  process  variable  is  the  building  temperature.  this  controller  operates  the  heating  system  for  a  constant  time
__label__assetoperationsoptimization regardless  of  the  temperature  of  the  building.in  a  closedloop  control  system,  the  control  action  from  the  controller  is  dependent  on  the  desired  and  actual  process  variable.  in  the  case  of  the  boiler  analogy,  this  would  utilise  a  thermostat  to  monitor  the  building  temperature,  and  feed  back  a  signal  to  ensure  the  controller  output  maintains  the  building  temperature  close  to  that  set  on  the  thermostat.  a  closed  loop  controller  has  a  feedback  loop  which  ensures  the  controller  exerts  a  control  action  to  control  a  process  variable  at  the  same  value  as  the  setpoint.  for  this  reason,  closedloop  controllers  are  also  called
__label__assetoperationsoptimization feedback  controllers.  feedback  control  systems  in  the  case  of  linear  feedback  systems,  a  control  loop  including  sensors,  control  algorithms,  and  actuators  is  arranged  in  an  attempt  to  regulate  a  variable  at  a  setpoint  sp.  an  everyday  example  is  the  cruise  control  on  a  road  vehicle;  where  external  influences  such  as  hills  would  cause  speed  changes,  and  the  driver  has  the  ability  to  alter  the  desired  set  speed.  the  pid  algorithm  in  the  controller  restores  the  actual  speed  to  the  desired  speed  in  the  optimum  way,  with  minimal  delay  or  overshoot,  by  controlling  the  power  output  of  the  vehicles  engine.control  systems
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  include  some  sensing  of  the  results  they  are  trying  to  achieve  are  making  use  of  feedback  and  can  adapt  to  varying  circumstances  to  some  extent.  openloop  control  systems  do  not  make  use  of  feedback,  and  run  only  in  prearranged  ways.  logic  control  logic  control  systems  for  industrial  and  commercial  machinery  were  historically  implemented  by  interconnected  electrical  relays  and  cam  timers  using  ladder  logic.  today,  most  such  systems  are  constructed  with  microcontrollers  or  more  specialized  programmable  logic  controllers  plcs.  the  notation  of  ladder  logic  is  still  in  use  as  a  programming  method  for  plcs.logic  controllers  may  respond  to  switches  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization sensors,  and  can  cause  the  machinery  to  start  and  stop  various  operations  through  the  use  of  actuators.  logic  controllers  are  used  to  sequence  mechanical  operations  in  many  applications.  examples  include  elevators,  washing  machines  and  other  systems  with  interrelated  operations.  an  automatic  sequential  control  system  may  trigger  a  series  of  mechanical  actuators  in  the  correct  sequence  to  perform  a  task.  for  example,  various  electric  and  pneumatic  transducers  may  fold  and  glue  a  cardboard  box,  fill  it  with  product  and  then  seal  it  in  an  automatic  packaging  machine.plc  software  can  be  written  in  many  different  ways  ladder  diagrams,  sfc  sequential  function  charts
__label__assetoperationsoptimization or  statement  lists.  onoff  control  onoff  control  uses  a  feedback  controller  that  switches  abruptly  between  two  states.  a  simple  bimetallic  domestic  thermostat  can  be  described  as  an  onoff  controller.  when  the  temperature  in  the  room  pv  goes  below  the  user  setting  sp,  the  heater  is  switched  on.  another  example  is  a  pressure  switch  on  an  air  compressor.  when  the  pressure  pv  drops  below  the  setpoint  sp  the  compressor  is  powered.  refrigerators  and  vacuum  pumps  contain  similar  mechanisms.  simple  onoff  control  systems  like  these  can  be  cheap  and  effective.  linear  control  linear  control  systems  use  negative  feedback  to  produce  a  control
__label__assetoperationsoptimization signal  to  maintain  the  controlled  pv  at  the  desired  sp.  there  are  several  types  of  linear  control  systems  with  different  capabilities.  proportional  control  proportional  control  is  a  type  of  linear  feedback  control  system  in  which  a  correction  is  applied  to  the  controlled  variable  which  is  proportional  to  the  difference  between  the  desired  value  sp  and  the  measured  value  pv.  two  classic  mechanical  examples  are  the  toilet  bowl  float  proportioning  valve  and  the  flyball  governor.the  proportional  control  system  is  more  complex  than  an  onoff  control  system,  but  simpler  than  a  proportionalintegralderivative  pid  control  system  used,  for  instance,  in  an  automobile  cruise
__label__assetoperationsoptimization control.  onoff  control  will  work  for  systems  that  do  not  require  high  accuracy  or  responsiveness,  but  is  not  effective  for  rapid  and  timely  corrections  and  responses.  proportional  control  overcomes  this  by  modulating  the  manipulated  variable  mv,  such  as  a  control  valve,  at  a  gain  level  which  avoids  instability,  but  applies  correction  as  fast  as  practicable  by  applying  the  optimum  quantity  of  proportional  correction.a  drawback  of  proportional  control  is  that  it  cannot  eliminate  the  residual  sppv  error,  as  it  requires  an  error  to  generate  a  proportional  output.  a  pi  controller  can  be  used  to  overcome  this.  the  pi  controller  uses  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization proportional  term  p  to  remove  the  gross  error,  and  an  integral  term  i  to  eliminate  the  residual  offset  error  by  integrating  the  error  over  time.in  some  systems  there  are  practical  limits  to  the  range  of  the  mv.  for  example,  a  heater  has  a  limit  to  how  much  heat  it  can  produce  and  a  valve  can  open  only  so  far.  adjustments  to  the  gain  simultaneously  alter  the  range  of  error  values  over  which  the  mv  is  between  these  limits.  the  width  of  this  range,  in  units  of  the  error  variable  and  therefore  of  the  pv,  is  called  the  proportional  band  pb.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization furnace  example  when  controlling  the  temperature  of  an  industrial  furnace,  it  is  usually  better  to  control  the  opening  of  the  fuel  valve  in  proportion  to  the  current  needs  of  the  furnace.  this  helps  avoid  thermal  shocks  and  applies  heat  more  effectively.at  low  gains,  only  a  small  corrective  action  is  applied  when  errors  are  detected.  the  system  may  be  safe  and  stable,  but  may  be  sluggish  in  response  to  changing  conditions.  errors  will  remain  uncorrected  for  relatively  long  periods  of  time  and  the  system  is  overdamped.  if  the  proportional  gain  is  increased,  such  systems  become  more  responsive  and  errors  are  dealt
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  more  quickly.  there  is  an  optimal  value  for  the  gain  setting  when  the  overall  system  is  said  to  be  critically  damped.  increases  in  loop  gain  beyond  this  point  lead  to  oscillations  in  the  pv  and  such  a  system  is  underdamped.  adjusting  gain  to  achieve  critically  damped  behavior  is  known  as  tuning  the  control  system.in  the  underdamped  case,  the  furnace  heats  quickly.  once  the  setpoint  is  reached,  stored  heat  within  the  heater  subsystem  and  in  the  walls  of  the  furnace  will  keep  the  measured  temperature  rising  beyond  what  is  required.  after  rising  above  the  setpoint,  the  temperature  falls  back  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization eventually  heat  is  applied  again.  any  delay  in  reheating  the  heater  subsystem  allows  the  furnace  temperature  to  fall  further  below  setpoint  and  the  cycle  repeats.  the  temperature  oscillations  that  an  underdamped  furnace  control  system  produces  are  undesirable.in  a  critically  damped  system,  as  the  temperature  approaches  the  setpoint,  the  heat  input  begins  to  be  reduced,  the  rate  of  heating  of  the  furnace  has  time  to  slow  and  the  system  avoids  overshoot.  overshoot  is  also  avoided  in  an  underdamped  system  but  an  underdamped  system  is  unnecessarily  slow  to  initially  reach  setpoint  respond  to  external  changes  to  the  system,  e.g.  opening  the  furnace
__label__assetoperationsoptimization door.  pid  control  apart  from  sluggish  performance  to  avoid  oscillations,  another  problem  with  proportionalonly  control  is  that  power  application  is  always  in  direct  proportion  to  the  error.  in  the  example  above  we  assumed  that  the  set  temperature  could  be  maintained  with  50  power.  what  happens  if  the  furnace  is  required  in  a  different  application  where  a  higher  set  temperature  will  require  80  power  to  maintain  it?  if  the  gain  was  finally  set  to  a  50  pb,  then  80  power  will  not  be  applied  unless  the  furnace  is  15  below  setpoint,  so  for  this  other  application  the  operators  will  have  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization remember  always  to  set  the  setpoint  temperature  15  higher  than  actually  needed.  this  15  figure  is  not  completely  constant  either:  it  will  depend  on  the  surrounding  ambient  temperature,  as  well  as  other  factors  that  affect  heat  loss  from  or  absorption  within  the  furnace.to  resolve  these  two  problems,  many  feedback  control  schemes  include  mathematical  extensions  to  improve  performance.  the  most  common  extensions  lead  to  proportionalintegralderivative  control,  or  pid  control.  derivative  action  the  derivative  part  is  concerned  with  the  rateofchange  of  the  error  with  time:  if  the  measured  variable  approaches  the  setpoint  rapidly,  then  the  actuator  is  backed  off  early  to  allow
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  to  coast  to  the  required  level;  conversely  if  the  measured  value  begins  to  move  rapidly  away  from  the  setpoint,  extra  effort  is  appliedin  proportion  to  that  rapidityto  try  to  maintain  it.derivative  action  makes  a  control  system  behave  much  more  intelligently.  on  control  systems  like  the  tuning  of  the  temperature  of  a  furnace,  or  perhaps  the  motioncontrol  of  a  heavy  item  like  a  gun  or  camera  on  a  moving  vehicle,  the  derivative  action  of  a  welltuned  pid  controller  can  allow  it  to  reach  and  maintain  a  setpoint  better  than  most  skilled  human  operators  could.if  derivative  action  is  overapplied,  it  can
__label__assetoperationsoptimization lead  to  oscillations  too.  an  example  would  be  a  pv  that  increased  rapidly  towards  sp,  then  halted  early  and  seemed  to  shy  away  from  the  setpoint  before  rising  towards  it  again.  integral  action  the  integral  term  magnifies  the  effect  of  longterm  steadystate  errors,  applying  everincreasing  effort  until  they  reduce  to  zero.  in  the  example  of  the  furnace  above  working  at  various  temperatures,  if  the  heat  being  applied  does  not  bring  the  furnace  up  to  setpoint,  for  whatever  reason,  integral  action  increasingly  moves  the  proportional  band  relative  to  the  setpoint  until  the  pv  error  is  reduced  to  zero  and  the  setpoint
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  achieved.  ramp  up  per  minute  some  controllers  include  the  option  to  limit  the  ramp  up  per  minute.  this  option  can  be  very  helpful  in  stabilizing  small  boilers  3  mbtuh,  especially  during  the  summer,  during  light  loads.a  utility  boiler  unit  may  be  required  to  change  load  at  a  rate  of  as  much  as  5  per  minute  iea  coal  online  2,  2007.  other  techniques  it  is  possible  to  filter  the  pv  or  error  signal.  doing  so  can  reduce  the  response  of  the  system  to  undesirable  frequencies,  to  help  reduce  instability  or  oscillations.  some  feedback  systems  will  oscillate  at  just  one  frequency.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  filtering  out  that  frequency,  more  stiff  feedback  can  be  applied,  making  the  system  more  responsive  without  shaking  itself  apart.feedback  systems  can  be  combined.  in  cascade  control,  one  control  loop  applies  control  algorithms  to  a  measured  variable  against  a  setpoint,  but  then  provides  a  varying  setpoint  to  another  control  loop  rather  than  affecting  process  variables  directly.  if  a  system  has  several  different  measured  variables  to  be  controlled,  separate  control  systems  will  be  present  for  each  of  them.control  engineering  in  many  applications  produces  control  systems  that  are  more  complex  than  pid  control.  examples  of  such  fields  include  flybywire  aircraft  control  systems,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization chemical  plants,  and  oil  refineries.  model  predictive  control  systems  are  designed  using  specialized  computeraideddesign  software  and  empirical  mathematical  models  of  the  system  to  be  controlled.hybrid  systems  of  pid  and  logic  control  are  widely  used.  the  output  from  a  linear  controller  may  be  interlocked  by  logic  for  instance.  fuzzy  logic  fuzzy  logic  is  an  attempt  to  apply  the  easy  design  of  logic  controllers  to  the  control  of  complex  continuously  varying  systems.  basically,  a  measurement  in  a  fuzzy  logic  system  can  be  partly  true,  that  is  if  yes  is  1  and  no  is  0,  a  fuzzy  measurement  can  be  between  0  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 1.the  rules  of  the  system  are  written  in  natural  language  and  translated  into  fuzzy  logic.  for  example,  the  design  for  a  furnace  would  start  with:  if  the  temperature  is  too  high,  reduce  the  fuel  to  the  furnace.  if  the  temperature  is  too  low,  increase  the  fuel  to  the  furnace.measurements  from  the  real  world  such  as  the  temperature  of  a  furnace  are  converted  to  values  between  0  and  1  by  seeing  where  they  fall  on  a  triangle.  usually,  the  tip  of  the  triangle  is  the  maximum  possible  value  which  translates  to  1.fuzzy  logic,  then,  modifies  boolean  logic  to  be  arithmetical.  usually
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  not  operation  is  output  1  input,  the  and  operation  is  output  input.1  multiplied  by  input.2,  and  or  is  output  1  1  input.1  multiplied  by  1  input.2.  this  reduces  to  boolean  arithmetic  if  values  are  restricted  to  0  and  1,  instead  of  allowed  to  range  in  the  unit  interval  0,1.the  last  step  is  to  defuzzify  an  output.  basically,  the  fuzzy  calculations  make  a  value  between  zero  and  one.  that  number  is  used  to  select  a  value  on  a  line  whose  slope  and  height  converts  the  fuzzy  value  to  a  realworld  output  number.  the  number  then  controls  real  machinery.if  the  triangles
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  defined  correctly  and  rules  are  right  the  result  can  be  a  good  control  system.when  a  robust  fuzzy  design  is  reduced  into  a  single,  quick  calculation,  it  begins  to  resemble  a  conventional  feedback  loop  solution  and  it  might  appear  that  the  fuzzy  design  was  unnecessary.  however,  the  fuzzy  logic  paradigm  may  provide  scalability  for  large  control  systems  where  conventional  methods  become  unwieldy  or  costly  to  derive.fuzzy  electronics  is  an  electronic  technology  that  uses  fuzzy  logic  instead  of  the  twovalue  logic  more  commonly  used  in  digital  electronics.  physical  implementation  the  range  of  implementation  is  from  compact  controllers  often  with  dedicated  software
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  a  particular  machine  or  device,  to  distributed  control  systems  for  industrial  process  control.logic  systems  and  feedback  controllers  are  usually  implemented  with  programmable  logic  controllers.  see  also  references  external  links  semiautonomous  flight  direction  reference  unmannedaircraft.orgcontrol  system  toolbox  for  design  and  analysis  of  control  systems.control  systems  manufacturer  design  and  manufacture  of  control  systems.mathematica  functions  for  the  analysis,  design,  and  simulation  of  control  systems
__label__assetoperationsoptimization industrial  control  system  ics  is  a  general  term  that  encompasses  several  types  of  control  systems  and  associated  instrumentation  used  for  industrial  process  control.such  systems  can  range  from  a  few  modular  panelmounted  controllers  to  large  interconnected  and  interactive  distributed  control  systems  with  many  thousands  of  field  connections.  all  systems  receive  data  received  from  remote  sensors  measuring  process  variables  pvs,  compare  these  with  desired  set  points  sps  and  derive  command  functions  which  are  used  to  control  a  process  through  the  final  control  elements  fces,  such  as  control  valves.the  larger  systems  are  usually  implemented  by  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  systems,  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization distributed  control  systems  dcs,  and  programmable  logic  controllers  plcs,  though  scada  and  plc  systems  are  scalable  down  to  small  systems  with  few  control  loops.  such  systems  are  extensively  used  in  industries  such  as  chemical  processing,  pulp  and  paper  manufacture,  power  generation,  oil  and  gas  processing  and  telecommunications.  discrete  controllers  the  simplest  control  systems  are  based  around  small  discrete  controllers  with  a  single  control  loop  each.  these  are  usually  panel  mounted  which  allows  direct  viewing  of  the  front  panel  and  provides  means  of  manual  intervention  by  the  operator,  either  to  manually  control  the  process  or  to  change  control  setpoints.  originally  these
__label__assetoperationsoptimization would  be  pneumatic  controllers,  a  few  of  which  are  still  in  use,  but  nearly  all  are  now  electronic.quite  complex  systems  can  be  created  with  networks  of  these  controllers  communicating  using  industry  standard  protocols.  networking  allow  the  use  of  local  or  remote  scada  operator  interfaces,  and  enables  the  cascading  and  interlocking  of  controllers.  however,  as  the  number  of  control  loops  increase  for  a  system  design  there  is  a  point  where  the  use  of  a  programmable  logic  controller  plc  or  distributed  control  system  dcs  is  more  manageable  or  costeffective.  distributed  control  systems  a  distributed  control  system  dcs  is  a  digital  processor  control
__label__assetoperationsoptimization system  for  a  process  or  plant,  wherein  controller  functions  and  field  connection  modules  are  distributed  throughout  the  system.  as  the  number  of  control  loops  grows,  dcs  becomes  more  cost  effective  than  discrete  controllers.  additionally  a  dcs  provides  supervisory  viewing  and  management  over  large  industrial  processes.  in  a  dcs,  a  hierarchy  of  controllers  is  connected  by  communication  networks,  allowing  centralised  control  rooms  and  local  onplant  monitoring  and  control.a  dcs  enables  easy  configuration  of  plant  controls  such  as  cascaded  loops  and  interlocks,  and  easy  interfacing  with  other  computer  systems  such  as  production  control.  it  also  enables  more  sophisticated  alarm  handling,  introduces  automatic
__label__assetoperationsoptimization event  logging,  removes  the  need  for  physical  records  such  as  chart  recorders  and  allows  the  control  equipment  to  be  networked  and  thereby  located  locally  to  equipment  being  controlled  to  reduce  cabling.a  dcs  typically  uses  customdesigned  processors  as  controllers,  and  uses  either  proprietary  interconnections  or  standard  protocols  for  communication.  input  and  output  modules  form  the  peripheral  components  of  the  system.the  processors  receive  information  from  input  modules,  process  the  information  and  decide  control  actions  to  be  performed  by  the  output  modules.  the  input  modules  receive  information  from  sensing  instruments  in  the  process  or  field  and  the  output  modules  transmit  instructions  to  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization final  control  elements,  such  as  control  valves.the  field  inputs  and  outputs  can  either  be  continuously  changing  analog  signals  e.g.  current  loop  or  2  state  signals  that  switch  either  on  or  off,  such  as  relay  contacts  or  a  semiconductor  switch.distributed  control  systems  can  normally  also  support  foundation  fieldbus,  profibus,  hart,  modbus  and  other  digital  communication  buses  that  carry  not  only  input  and  output  signals  but  also  advanced  messages  such  as  error  diagnostics  and  status  signals.  scada  systems  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  is  a  control  system  architecture  that  uses  computers,  networked  data  communications  and  graphical  user  interfaces  for  highlevel  process
__label__assetoperationsoptimization supervisory  management.  the  operator  interfaces  which  enable  monitoring  and  the  issuing  of  process  commands,  such  as  controller  set  point  changes,  are  handled  through  the  scada  supervisory  computer  system.  however,  the  realtime  control  logic  or  controller  calculations  are  performed  by  networked  modules  which  connect  to  other  peripheral  devices  such  as  programmable  logic  controllers  and  discrete  pid  controllers  which  interface  to  the  process  plant  or  machinery.the  scada  concept  was  developed  as  a  universal  means  of  remote  access  to  a  variety  of  local  control  modules,  which  could  be  from  different  manufacturers  allowing  access  through  standard  automation  protocols.  in  practice,  large  scada  systems  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization grown  to  become  very  similar  to  distributed  control  systems  in  function,  but  using  multiple  means  of  interfacing  with  the  plant.  they  can  control  largescale  processes  that  can  include  multiple  sites,  and  work  over  large  distances.  this  is  a  commonlyused  architecture  industrial  control  systems,  however  there  are  concerns  about  scada  systems  being  vulnerable  to  cyberwarfare  or  cyberterrorism  attacks.the  scada  software  operates  on  a  supervisory  level  as  control  actions  are  performed  automatically  by  rtus  or  plcs.  scada  control  functions  are  usually  restricted  to  basic  overriding  or  supervisory  level  intervention.  a  feedback  control  loop  is  directly  controlled  by  the  rtu  or  plc,  but
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  scada  software  monitors  the  overall  performance  of  the  loop.  for  example,  a  plc  may  control  the  flow  of  cooling  water  through  part  of  an  industrial  process  to  a  set  point  level,  but  the  scada  system  software  will  allow  operators  to  change  the  set  points  for  the  flow.  the  scada  also  enables  alarm  conditions,  such  as  loss  of  flow  or  high  temperature,  to  be  displayed  and  recorded.  programmable  logic  controllers  plcs  can  range  from  small  modular  devices  with  tens  of  inputs  and  outputs  i/o  in  a  housing  integral  with  the  processor,  to  large  rackmounted  modular  devices  with  a  count  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thousands  of  i/o,  and  which  are  often  networked  to  other  plc  and  scada  systems.  they  can  be  designed  for  multiple  arrangements  of  digital  and  analog  inputs  and  outputs,  extended  temperature  ranges,  immunity  to  electrical  noise,  and  resistance  to  vibration  and  impact.  programs  to  control  machine  operation  are  typically  stored  in  batterybackedup  or  nonvolatile  memory.  history  process  control  of  large  industrial  plants  has  evolved  through  many  stages.  initially,  control  was  from  panels  local  to  the  process  plant.  however  this  required  personnel  to  attend  to  these  dispersed  panels,  and  there  was  no  overall  view  of  the  process.  the  next  logical  development  was
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  transmission  of  all  plant  measurements  to  a  permanentlymanned  central  control  room.  often  the  controllers  were  behind  the  control  room  panels,  and  all  automatic  and  manual  control  outputs  were  individually  transmitted  back  to  plant  in  the  form  of  pneumatic  or  electrical  signals.  effectively  this  was  the  centralisation  of  all  the  localised  panels,  with  the  advantages  of  reduced  manpower  requirements  and  consolidated  overview  of  the  process.however,  whilst  providing  a  central  control  focus,  this  arrangement  was  inflexible  as  each  control  loop  had  its  own  controller  hardware  so  system  changes  required  reconfiguration  of  signals  by  repiping  or  rewiring.  it  also  required  continual  operator
__label__assetoperationsoptimization movement  within  a  large  control  room  in  order  to  monitor  the  whole  process.  with  the  coming  of  electronic  processors,  high  speed  electronic  signalling  networks  and  electronic  graphic  displays  it  became  possible  to  replace  these  discrete  controllers  with  computerbased  algorithms,  hosted  on  a  network  of  input/output  racks  with  their  own  control  processors.  these  could  be  distributed  around  the  plant  and  would  communicate  with  the  graphic  displays  in  the  control  room.  the  concept  of  distributed  control  was  realised.the  introduction  of  distributed  control  allowed  flexible  interconnection  and  reconfiguration  of  plant  controls  such  as  cascaded  loops  and  interlocks,  and  interfacing  with  other  production  computer
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems.  it  enabled  sophisticated  alarm  handling,  introduced  automatic  event  logging,  removed  the  need  for  physical  records  such  as  chart  recorders,  allowed  the  control  racks  to  be  networked  and  thereby  located  locally  to  plant  to  reduce  cabling  runs,  and  provided  highlevel  overviews  of  plant  status  and  production  levels.  for  large  control  systems,  the  general  commercial  name  distributed  control  system  dcs  was  coined  to  refer  to  proprietary  modular  systems  from  many  manufacturers  which  integrated  high  speed  networking  and  a  full  suite  of  displays  and  control  racks.while  the  dcs  was  tailored  to  meet  the  needs  of  large  continuous  industrial  processes,  in  industries  where
__label__assetoperationsoptimization combinatorial  and  sequential  logic  was  the  primary  requirement,  the  plc  evolved  out  of  a  need  to  replace  racks  of  relays  and  timers  used  for  eventdriven  control.  the  old  controls  were  difficult  to  reconfigure  and  debug,  and  plc  control  enabled  networking  of  signals  to  a  central  control  area  with  electronic  displays.  plc  were  first  developed  for  the  automotive  industry  on  vehicle  production  lines,  where  sequential  logic  was  becoming  very  complex.  it  was  soon  adopted  in  a  large  number  of  other  eventdriven  applications  as  varied  as  printing  presses  and  water  treatment  plants.scadas  history  is  rooted  in  distribution  applications,  such  as  power,  natural
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gas,  and  water  pipelines,  where  there  is  a  need  to  gather  remote  data  through  potentially  unreliable  or  intermittent  lowbandwidth  and  highlatency  links.  scada  systems  use  openloop  control  with  sites  that  are  widely  separated  geographically.  a  scada  system  uses  remote  terminal  units  rtus  to  send  supervisory  data  back  to  a  control  center.  most  rtu  systems  always  had  some  capacity  to  handle  local  control  while  the  master  station  is  not  available.  however,  over  the  years  rtu  systems  have  grown  more  and  more  capable  of  handling  local  control.the  boundaries  between  dcs  and  scada/plc  systems  are  blurring  as  time  goes  on.  the  technical  limits
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  drove  the  designs  of  these  various  systems  are  no  longer  as  much  of  an  issue.  many  plc  platforms  can  now  perform  quite  well  as  a  small  dcs,  using  remote  i/o  and  are  sufficiently  reliable  that  some  scada  systems  actually  manage  closed  loop  control  over  long  distances.  with  the  increasing  speed  of  todays  processors,  many  dcs  products  have  a  full  line  of  plclike  subsystems  that  werent  offered  when  they  were  initially  developed.in  1993,  with  the  release  of  iec1131,  later  to  become  iec611313,  the  industry  moved  towards  increased  code  standardization  with  reusable,  hardwareindependent  control  software.  for  the  first  time,  objectoriented  programming
__label__assetoperationsoptimization oop  became  possible  within  industrial  control  systems.  this  led  to  the  development  of  both  programmable  automation  controllers  pac  and  industrial  pcs  ipc.  these  are  platforms  programmed  in  the  five  standardized  iec  languages:  ladder  logic,  structured  text,  function  block,  instruction  list  and  sequential  function  chart.  they  can  also  be  programmed  in  modern  highlevel  languages  such  as  c  or  c.  additionally,  they  accept  models  developed  in  analytical  tools  such  as  matlab  and  simulink.  unlike  traditional  plcs,  which  use  proprietary  operating  systems,  ipcs  utilize  windows  iot.  ipcs  have  the  advantage  of  powerful  multicore  processors  with  much  lower  hardware  costs  than  traditional  plcs  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fit  well  into  multiple  form  factors  such  as  din  rail  mount,  combined  with  a  touchscreen  as  a  panel  pc,  or  as  an  embedded  pc.  new  hardware  platforms  and  technology  have  contributed  significantly  to  the  evolution  of  dcs  and  scada  systems,  further  blurring  the  boundaries  and  changing  definitions.  see  also  automationindustrial  safety  systemsmtconnectopc  foundationsafety  instrumented  system  siscontrol  system  securityoperational  technology  references  this  article  incorporates  public  domain  material  from  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  website  https://www.nist.gov.  further  reading  guide  to  industrial  control  systems  ics  security,  sp80082  rev2,  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology,  may  2015.walker,  mark  john  20120908.  the  programmable
__label__assetoperationsoptimization logic  controller:  its  prehistory,  emergence  and  application  pdf  phd  thesis.  department  of  communication  and  systems  faculty  of  mathematics,  computing  and  technology:  the  open  university.  archived  pdf  from  the  original  on  20180620.  retrieved  20180620.  external  links  new  age  of  industrial  controllers.  archived  from  the  original  on  20160303.proview,  an  open  source  process  control  system10  reasons  to  choose  pc  based  control,  manufacturing  automation,  feb,  2015
__label__assetoperationsoptimization control  engineering  or  control  systems  engineering  is  an  engineering  discipline  that  applies  automatic  control  theory  to  design  systems  with  desired  behaviors  in  control  environments.  the  discipline  of  controls  overlaps  and  is  usually  taught  along  with  electrical  engineering  at  many  institutions  around  the  world.the  practice  uses  sensors  and  detectors  to  measure  the  output  performance  of  the  process  being  controlled;  these  measurements  are  used  to  provide  corrective  feedback  helping  to  achieve  the  desired  performance.  systems  designed  to  perform  without  requiring  human  input  are  called  automatic  control  systems  such  as  cruise  control  for  regulating  the  speed  of  a  car.  multidisciplinary  in  nature,  control
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems  engineering  activities  focus  on  implementation  of  control  systems  mainly  derived  by  mathematical  modeling  of  a  diverse  range  of  systems.  overview  modern  day  control  engineering  is  a  relatively  new  field  of  study  that  gained  significant  attention  during  the  20th  century  with  the  advancement  of  technology.  it  can  be  broadly  defined  or  classified  as  practical  application  of  control  theory.  control  engineering  plays  an  essential  role  in  a  wide  range  of  control  systems,  from  simple  household  washing  machines  to  highperformance  f16  fighter  aircraft.  it  seeks  to  understand  physical  systems,  using  mathematical  modelling,  in  terms  of  inputs,  outputs  and  various  components  with  different
__label__assetoperationsoptimization behaviors;  to  use  control  system  design  tools  to  develop  controllers  for  those  systems;  and  to  implement  controllers  in  physical  systems  employing  available  technology.  a  system  can  be  mechanical,  electrical,  fluid,  chemical,  financial  or  biological,  and  its  mathematical  modelling,  analysis  and  controller  design  uses  control  theory  in  one  or  many  of  the  time,  frequency  and  complexs  domains,  depending  on  the  nature  of  the  design  problem.  history  automatic  control  systems  were  first  developed  over  two  thousand  years  ago.  the  first  feedback  control  device  on  record  is  thought  to  be  the  ancient  ktesibioss  water  clock  in  alexandria,  egypt  around  the  third  century  b.c.e.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  kept  time  by  regulating  the  water  level  in  a  vessel  and,  therefore,  the  water  flow  from  that  vessel.  this  certainly  was  a  successful  device  as  water  clocks  of  similar  design  were  still  being  made  in  baghdad  when  the  mongols  captured  the  city  in  1258  a.d.  a  variety  of  automatic  devices  have  been  used  over  the  centuries  to  accomplish  useful  tasks  or  simply  just  to  entertain.  the  latter  includes  the  automata,  popular  in  europe  in  the  17th  and  18th  centuries,  featuring  dancing  figures  that  would  repeat  the  same  task  over  and  over  again;  these  automata  are  examples  of  openloop  control.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization milestones  among  feedback,  or  closedloop  automatic  control  devices,  include  the  temperature  regulator  of  a  furnace  attributed  to  drebbel,  circa  1620,  and  the  centrifugal  flyball  governor  used  for  regulating  the  speed  of  steam  engines  by  james  watt  in  1788.in  his  1868  paper  on  governors,  james  clerk  maxwell  was  able  to  explain  instabilities  exhibited  by  the  flyball  governor  using  differential  equations  to  describe  the  control  system.  this  demonstrated  the  importance  and  usefulness  of  mathematical  models  and  methods  in  understanding  complex  phenomena,  and  it  signaled  the  beginning  of  mathematical  control  and  systems  theory.  elements  of  control  theory  had  appeared  earlier  but  not  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dramatically  and  convincingly  as  in  maxwells  analysis.control  theory  made  significant  strides  over  the  next  century.  new  mathematical  techniques,  as  well  as  advancements  in  electronic  and  computer  technologies,  made  it  possible  to  control  significantly  more  complex  dynamical  systems  than  the  original  flyball  governor  could  stabilize.  new  mathematical  techniques  included  developments  in  optimal  control  in  the  1950s  and  1960s  followed  by  progress  in  stochastic,  robust,  adaptive,  nonlinear  control  methods  in  the  1970s  and  1980s.  applications  of  control  methodology  have  helped  to  make  possible  space  travel  and  communication  satellites,  safer  and  more  efficient  aircraft,  cleaner  automobile  engines,  and  cleaner  and  more  efficient  chemical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization processes.before  it  emerged  as  a  unique  discipline,  control  engineering  was  practiced  as  a  part  of  mechanical  engineering  and  control  theory  was  studied  as  a  part  of  electrical  engineering  since  electrical  circuits  can  often  be  easily  described  using  control  theory  techniques.  in  the  very  first  control  relationships,  a  current  output  was  represented  by  a  voltage  control  input.  however,  not  having  adequate  technology  to  implement  electrical  control  systems,  designers  were  left  with  the  option  of  less  efficient  and  slow  responding  mechanical  systems.  a  very  effective  mechanical  controller  that  is  still  widely  used  in  some  hydro  plants  is  the  governor.  later  on,  previous
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  modern  power  electronics,  process  control  systems  for  industrial  applications  were  devised  by  mechanical  engineers  using  pneumatic  and  hydraulic  control  devices,  many  of  which  are  still  in  use  today.  control  theory  there  are  two  major  divisions  in  control  theory,  namely,  classical  and  modern,  which  have  direct  implications  for  the  control  engineering  applications.  classical  siso  system  design  the  scope  of  classical  control  theory  is  limited  to  singleinput  and  singleoutput  siso  system  design,  except  when  analyzing  for  disturbance  rejection  using  a  second  input.  the  system  analysis  is  carried  out  in  the  time  domain  using  differential  equations,  in  the  complexs  domain  with  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization laplace  transform,  or  in  the  frequency  domain  by  transforming  from  the  complexs  domain.  many  systems  may  be  assumed  to  have  a  second  order  and  single  variable  system  response  in  the  time  domain.  a  controller  designed  using  classical  theory  often  requires  onsite  tuning  due  to  incorrect  design  approximations.  yet,  due  to  the  easier  physical  implementation  of  classical  controller  designs  as  compared  to  systems  designed  using  modern  control  theory,  these  controllers  are  preferred  in  most  industrial  applications.  the  most  common  controllers  designed  using  classical  control  theory  are  pid  controllers.  a  less  common  implementation  may  include  either  or  both  a  lead  or  lag
__label__assetoperationsoptimization filter.  the  ultimate  end  goal  is  to  meet  requirements  typically  provided  in  the  timedomain  called  the  step  response,  or  at  times  in  the  frequency  domain  called  the  openloop  response.  the  step  response  characteristics  applied  in  a  specification  are  typically  percent  overshoot,  settling  time,  etc.  the  openloop  response  characteristics  applied  in  a  specification  are  typically  gain  and  phase  margin  and  bandwidth.  these  characteristics  may  be  evaluated  through  simulation  including  a  dynamic  model  of  the  system  under  control  coupled  with  the  compensation  model.  modern  mimo  system  design  modern  control  theory  is  carried  out  in  the  state  space,  and  can  deal  with  multipleinput
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  multipleoutput  mimo  systems.  this  overcomes  the  limitations  of  classical  control  theory  in  more  sophisticated  design  problems,  such  as  fighter  aircraft  control,  with  the  limitation  that  no  frequency  domain  analysis  is  possible.  in  modern  design,  a  system  is  represented  to  the  greatest  advantage  as  a  set  of  decoupled  first  order  differential  equations  defined  using  state  variables.  nonlinear,  multivariable,  adaptive  and  robust  control  theories  come  under  this  division.  matrix  methods  are  significantly  limited  for  mimo  systems  where  linear  independence  cannot  be  assured  in  the  relationship  between  inputs  and  outputs.  being  fairly  new,  modern  control  theory  has  many  areas  yet  to  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization explored.  scholars  like  rudolf  e.  kalman  and  aleksandr  lyapunov  are  wellknown  among  the  people  who  have  shaped  modern  control  theory.  control  systems  control  engineering  is  the  engineering  discipline  that  focuses  on  the  modeling  of  a  diverse  range  of  dynamic  systems  e.g.  mechanical  systems  and  the  design  of  controllers  that  will  cause  these  systems  to  behave  in  the  desired  manner.  although  such  controllers  need  not  be  electrical,  many  are  and  hence  control  engineering  is  often  viewed  as  a  subfield  of  electrical  engineering.  however,  the  falling  price  of  microprocessors  is  making  the  actual  implementation  of  a  control  system  essentially  trivial.  as  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization result,  focus  is  shifting  back  to  the  mechanical  and  process  engineering  discipline,  as  intimate  knowledge  of  the  physical  system  being  controlled  is  often  desired.electrical  circuits,  digital  signal  processors  and  microcontrollers  can  all  be  used  to  implement  control  systems.  control  engineering  has  a  wide  range  of  applications  from  the  flight  and  propulsion  systems  of  commercial  airliners  to  the  cruise  control  present  in  many  modern  automobiles.  in  most  cases,  control  engineers  utilize  feedback  when  designing  control  systems.  this  is  often  accomplished  using  a  pid  controller  system.  for  example,  in  an  automobile  with  cruise  control  the  vehicles  speed  is  continuously  monitored  and  fed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization back  to  the  system,  which  adjusts  the  motors  torque  accordingly.  where  there  is  regular  feedback,  control  theory  can  be  used  to  determine  how  the  system  responds  to  such  feedback.  in  practically  all  such  systems  stability  is  important  and  control  theory  can  help  ensure  stability  is  achieved.although  feedback  is  an  important  aspect  of  control  engineering,  control  engineers  may  also  work  on  the  control  of  systems  without  feedback.  this  is  known  as  open  loop  control.  a  classic  example  of  open  loop  control  is  a  washing  machine  that  runs  through  a  predetermined  cycle  without  the  use  of  sensors.  control  engineering  education  at  many
__label__assetoperationsoptimization universities  around  the  world,  control  engineering  courses  are  taught  primarily  in  electrical  engineering  and  mechanical  engineering,  but  some  courses  can  be  instructed  in  mechatronics  engineering,  and  aerospace  engineering.  in  others,  control  engineering  is  connected  to  computer  science,  as  most  control  techniques  today  are  implemented  through  computers,  often  as  embedded  systems  as  in  the  automotive  field.  the  field  of  control  within  chemical  engineering  is  often  known  as  process  control.  it  deals  primarily  with  the  control  of  variables  in  a  chemical  process  in  a  plant.  it  is  taught  as  part  of  the  undergraduate  curriculum  of  any  chemical  engineering  program  and  employs  many
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  same  principles  in  control  engineering.  other  engineering  disciplines  also  overlap  with  control  engineering  as  it  can  be  applied  to  any  system  for  which  a  suitable  model  can  be  derived.  however,  specialised  control  engineering  departments  do  exist,  for  example,  the  department  of  automatic  control  and  systems  engineering  at  the  university  of  sheffield  and  the  department  of  systems  engineering  at  the  united  states  naval  academy.control  engineering  has  diversified  applications  that  include  science,  finance  management,  and  even  human  behavior.  students  of  control  engineering  may  start  with  a  linear  control  system  course  dealing  with  the  time  and  complexs  domain,  which  requires  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thorough  background  in  elementary  mathematics  and  laplace  transform,  called  classical  control  theory.  in  linear  control,  the  student  does  frequency  and  time  domain  analysis.  digital  control  and  nonlinear  control  courses  require  z  transformation  and  algebra  respectively,  and  could  be  said  to  complete  a  basic  control  education.  control  engineering  careers  a  control  engineers  career  starts  with  a  bachelors  degree  and  can  continue  through  the  college  process.  control  engineer  degrees  are  well  paired  with  an  electrical  or  mechanical  engineering  degree.  control  engineers  usually  get  jobs  in  technical  managing  where  they  typically  lead  interdisciplinary  projects.  there  are  many  job  opportunities  in  aerospace  companies,  manufacturing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization companies,  automobile  companies,  power  companies,  and  government  agencies.  some  place  that  hire  control  engineers  include  companies  such  as  rockwell  automation,  nasa,  ford,  and  goodrich.  control  engineers  can  possibly  earn  66k  annually  from  lockheed  martin  corp.  they  can  also  earn  up  to  96k  annually  from  general  motors  corporation.according  to  a  control  engineering  survey,  most  of  the  people  who  answered  were  control  engineers  in  various  forms  of  their  own  career.  there  are  not  very  many  careers  that  are  classified  as  control  engineer,  most  of  them  are  specific  careers  that  have  a  small  semblance  to  the  overarching  career  of  control  engineering.  a  majority
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  control  engineers  that  took  the  survey  in  2019  are  system  or  product  designers,  or  even  control  or  instrument  engineers.  most  of  the  jobs  involve  process  engineering  or  production  or  even  maintenance,  they  are  some  variation  of  control  engineering.  recent  advancement  originally,  control  engineering  was  all  about  continuous  systems.  development  of  computer  control  tools  posed  a  requirement  of  discrete  control  system  engineering  because  the  communications  between  the  computerbased  digital  controller  and  the  physical  system  are  governed  by  a  computer  clock.  the  equivalent  to  laplace  transform  in  the  discrete  domain  is  the  ztransform.  today,  many  of  the  control  systems  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization computer  controlled  and  they  consist  of  both  digital  and  analog  components.therefore,  at  the  design  stage  either  digital  components  are  mapped  into  the  continuous  domain  and  the  design  is  carried  out  in  the  continuous  domain,  or  analog  components  are  mapped  into  discrete  domain  and  design  is  carried  out  there.  the  first  of  these  two  methods  is  more  commonly  encountered  in  practice  because  many  industrial  systems  have  many  continuous  systems  components,  including  mechanical,  fluid,  biological  and  analog  electrical  components,  with  a  few  digital  controllers.similarly,  the  design  technique  has  progressed  from  paperandruler  based  manual  design  to  computeraided  design  and  now  to  computerautomated  design
__label__assetoperationsoptimization or  cautod  which  has  been  made  possible  by  evolutionary  computation.  cautod  can  be  applied  not  just  to  tuning  a  predefined  control  scheme,  but  also  to  controller  structure  optimisation,  system  identification  and  invention  of  novel  control  systems,  based  purely  upon  a  performance  requirement,  independent  of  any  specific  control  scheme.resilient  control  systems  extend  the  traditional  focus  of  addressing  only  planned  disturbances  to  frameworks  and  attempt  to  address  multiple  types  of  unexpected  disturbance;  in  particular,  adapting  and  transforming  behaviors  of  the  control  system  in  response  to  malicious  actors,  abnormal  failure  modes,  undesirable  human  action,  etc.  see  also  electrical  engineeringcommunications  engineeringsatellite  navigationoutline  of  control
__label__assetoperationsoptimization engineeringadvanced  process  controlbuilding  automationcomputerautomated  design  cautod,  cautocsdcontrol  reconfigurationfeedbackhinfinityleadlag  compensatorlist  of  control  engineering  topicsquantitative  feedback  theoryrobotic  unicyclestate  spacesliding  mode  controlsystems  engineeringtesting  controllervissimcontrol  engineering  magazineeicaslabtime  seriesprocess  control  systemrobotic  controlmechatronics  references  further  reading  christopher  kilian  2005.  modern  control  technology.  thompson  delmar  learning.  isbn  9781401858063.bennett,  stuart  june  1986.  a  history  of  control  engineering,  18001930.  iet.  isbn  9780863410475.bennett,  stuart  1993.  a  history  of  control  engineering,  19301955.  iet.  isbn  9780863412998.arnold  zankl  2006.  milestones  in  automation:  from  the  transistor  to  the  digital  factory.  wileyvch.  isbn  9783895782596.franklin,  gene  f.;  powell,  j.  david;  emaminaeini,  abbas  2014.  feedback  control  of  dynamic  systems  7th  ed..  stanford  cali.  u.s.:  pearson.  p.  880.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization isbn  9780133496598.  external  links  control  labs  worldwidethe  michigan  chemical  engineering  process  dynamics  and  controls  open  textbookcontrol  system  integrators  associationlist  of  control  systems  integratorsinstitution  of  mechanical  engineers  mechatronics,  informatics  and  control  group  micgsystems  science  control  engineering:  an  open  access  journal
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mass  production,  also  known  as  flow  production  or  continuous  production,  is  the  production  of  large  amounts  of  standardized  products,  including  and  especially  on  assembly  lines.  together  with  job  production  and  batch  production,  it  is  one  of  the  three  main  production  methods.the  term  mass  production  was  popularized  by  a  1926  article  in  the  encyclopdia  britannica  supplement  that  was  written  based  on  correspondence  with  ford  motor  company.  the  new  york  times  used  the  term  in  the  title  of  an  article  that  appeared  before  publication  of  the  britannica  article.the  concepts  of  mass  production  are  applied  to  various  kinds  of  products,  from  fluids  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization particulates  handled  in  bulk  such  as  food,  fuel,  chemicals,  and  mined  minerals  to  discrete  solid  parts  such  as  fasteners  to  assemblies  of  such  parts  such  as  household  appliances  and  automobiles.mass  production  is  a  diverse  field,  but  it  can  generally  be  contrasted  with  craft  production  or  distributed  manufacturing.  some  mass  production  techniques,  such  as  standardized  sizes  and  production  lines,  predate  the  industrial  revolution  by  many  centuries;  however,  it  was  not  until  the  introduction  of  machine  tools  and  techniques  to  produce  interchangeable  parts  were  developed  in  the  mid  19th  century  that  modern  mass  production  was  possible.  overview  mass  production  involves  making  many
__label__assetoperationsoptimization copies  of  products,  very  quickly,  using  assembly  line  techniques  to  send  partially  complete  products  to  workers  who  each  work  on  an  individual  step,  rather  than  having  a  worker  work  on  a  whole  product  from  start  to  finish.mass  production  of  fluid  matter  typically  involves  pipes  with  centrifugal  pumps  or  screw  conveyors  augers  to  transfer  raw  materials  or  partially  complete  products  between  vessels.  fluid  flow  processes  such  as  oil  refining  and  bulk  materials  such  as  wood  chips  and  pulp  are  automated  using  a  system  of  process  control  which  uses  various  instruments  to  measure  variables  such  as  temperature,  pressure,  volumetric  and  level,  providing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization feedback  manbulk  materials  such  as  coal,  ores,  grains  and  wood  chips  are  handled  by  belt,  chain,  slat,  pneumatic  or  screw  conveyors,  bucket  elevators  and  mobile  equipment  such  as  frontend  loaders.  materials  on  pallets  are  handled  with  forklifts.  also  used  for  handling  heavy  items  like  reels  of  paper,  steel  or  machinery  are  electric  overhead  cranes,  sometimes  called  bridge  cranes  because  they  span  large  factory  bays.mass  production  is  capital  intensive  and  energy  intensive,  as  it  uses  a  high  proportion  of  machinery  and  energy  in  relation  to  workers.  it  is  also  usually  automated  while  total  expenditure  per  unit  of  product  is  decreased.  however,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  machinery  that  is  needed  to  set  up  a  mass  production  line  such  as  robots  and  machine  presses  is  so  expensive  that  there  must  be  some  assurance  that  the  product  is  to  be  successful  to  attain  profits.one  of  the  descriptions  of  mass  production  is  that  the  skill  is  built  into  the  tool,  which  means  that  the  worker  using  the  tool  may  not  need  the  skill.  for  example,  in  the  19th  or  early  20th  century,  this  could  be  expressed  as  the  craftsmanship  is  in  the  workbench  itself  not  the  training  of  the  worker.  rather  than  having  a  skilled  worker  measure  every
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dimension  of  each  part  of  the  product  against  the  plans  or  the  other  parts  as  it  is  being  formed,  there  were  jigs  ready  at  hand  to  ensure  that  the  part  was  made  to  fit  this  setup.  it  had  already  been  checked  that  the  finished  part  would  be  to  specifications  to  fit  all  the  other  finished  partsand  it  would  be  made  more  quickly,  with  no  time  spent  on  finishing  the  parts  to  fit  one  another.  later,  once  computerized  control  came  about  for  example,  cnc,  jigs  were  obviated,  but  it  remained  true  that  the  skill  or  knowledge  was  built  into  the  tool
__label__assetoperationsoptimization or  process,  or  documentation  rather  than  residing  in  the  workers  head.  this  is  the  specialized  capital  required  for  mass  production;  each  workbench  and  set  of  tools  or  each  cnc  cell,  or  each  fractionating  column  is  different  finetuned  to  its  task.  history  preindustrial  standardized  parts  and  sizes  and  factory  production  techniques  were  developed  in  preindustrial  times;  however,  before  the  invention  of  machine  tools  the  manufacture  of  precision  parts,  especially  metal  ones,  was  very  laborintensive.crossbows  made  with  bronze  parts  were  produced  in  china  during  the  warring  states  period.  the  qin  emperor  unified  china  at  least  in  part  by  equipping  large  armies  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization these  weapons,  which  were  equipped  with  a  sophisticated  trigger  mechanism  made  of  interchangeable  parts.  ships  of  war  were  produced  on  a  large  scale  at  a  moderate  cost  by  the  carthaginians  in  their  excellent  harbors,  allowing  them  to  efficiently  maintain  their  control  of  the  mediterranean.  the  venetians  themselves  also  produced  ships  using  prefabricated  parts  and  assembly  lines  many  centuries  later.  the  venetian  arsenal  apparently  produced  nearly  one  ship  every  day,  in  what  was  effectively  the  worlds  first  factory  which,  at  its  height,  employed  16,000  people.  mass  production  in  the  publishing  industry  has  been  commonplace  since  the  gutenberg  bible  was  published  using
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  printing  press  in  the  mid15th  century.  industrial  in  the  industrial  revolution,  simple  mass  production  techniques  were  used  at  the  portsmouth  block  mills  in  england  to  make  ships  pulley  blocks  for  the  royal  navy  in  the  napoleonic  wars.  it  was  achieved  in  1803  by  marc  isambard  brunel  in  cooperation  with  henry  maudslaym  under  the  management  of  sir  samuel  bentham.  the  first  unmistakable  examples  of  manufacturing  operations  carefully  designed  to  reduce  production  costs  by  specialized  labour  and  the  use  of  machines  appeared  in  the  18th  century  in  england.the  navy  was  in  a  state  of  expansion  that  required  100,000  pulley  blocks  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  manufactured  a  year.  bentham  had  already  achieved  remarkable  efficiency  at  the  docks  by  introducing  powerdriven  machinery  and  reorganising  the  dockyard  system.  brunel,  a  pioneering  engineer,  and  maudslay,  a  pioneer  of  machine  tool  technology  who  had  developed  the  first  industrially  practical  screwcutting  lathe  in  1800  which  standardized  screw  thread  sizes  for  the  first  time  which  in  turn  allowed  the  application  of  interchangeable  parts,  collaborated  on  plans  to  manufacture  blockmaking  machinery.  by  1805,  the  dockyard  had  been  fully  updated  with  the  revolutionary,  purposebuilt  machinery  at  a  time  when  products  were  still  built  individually  with  different  components.  a  total  of  45  machines
__label__assetoperationsoptimization were  required  to  perform  22  processes  on  the  blocks,  which  could  be  made  into  one  of  three  possible  sizes.  the  machines  were  almost  entirely  made  of  metal  thus  improving  their  accuracy  and  durability.  the  machines  would  make  markings  and  indentations  on  the  blocks  to  ensure  alignment  throughout  the  process.  one  of  the  many  advantages  of  this  new  method  was  the  increase  in  labour  productivity  due  to  the  less  labourintensive  requirements  of  managing  the  machinery.  richard  beamish,  assistant  to  brunels  son  and  engineer,  isambard  kingdom  brunel,  wrote:so  that  ten  men,  by  the  aid  of  this  machinery,  can  accomplish  with  uniformity,  celerity
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  ease,  what  formerly  required  the  uncertain  labour  of  one  hundred  and  ten.by  1808,  annual  production  from  the  45  machines  had  reached  130,000  blocks  and  some  of  the  equipment  was  still  in  operation  as  late  as  the  midtwentieth  century.  mass  production  techniques  were  also  used  to  rather  limited  extent  to  make  clocks  and  watches,  and  to  make  small  arms,  though  parts  were  usually  noninterchangeable.  though  produced  on  a  very  small  scale,  crimean  war  gunboat  engines  designed  and  assembled  by  john  penn  of  greenwich  are  recorded  as  the  first  instance  of  the  application  of  mass  production  techniques  though  not  necessarily  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization assemblyline  method  to  marine  engineering.  in  filling  an  admiralty  order  for  90  sets  to  his  highpressure  and  highrevolution  horizontal  trunk  engine  design,  penn  produced  them  all  in  90  days.  he  also  used  whitworth  standard  threads  throughout.  prerequisites  for  the  wide  use  of  mass  production  were  interchangeable  parts,  machine  tools  and  power,  especially  in  the  form  of  electricity.some  of  the  organizational  management  concepts  needed  to  create  20thcentury  mass  production,  such  as  scientific  management,  had  been  pioneered  by  other  engineers  most  of  whom  are  not  famous,  but  frederick  winslow  taylor  is  one  of  the  wellknown  ones,  whose  work  would  later  be  synthesized
__label__assetoperationsoptimization into  fields  such  as  industrial  engineering,  manufacturing  engineering,  operations  research,  and  management  consultancy.  although  after  leaving  the  henry  ford  company  which  was  rebranded  as  cadillac  and  later  was  awarded  the  dewar  trophy  in  1908  for  creating  interchangeable  massproduced  precision  engine  parts,  henry  ford  downplayed  the  role  of  taylorism  in  the  development  of  mass  production  at  his  company.  however,  ford  management  performed  time  studies  and  experiments  to  mechanize  their  factory  processes,  focusing  on  minimizing  worker  movements.  the  difference  is  that  while  taylor  focused  mostly  on  efficiency  of  the  worker,  ford  also  substituted  for  labor  by  using  machines,  thoughtfully  arranged,  wherever  possible.in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 1807,  eli  terry  was  hired  to  produce  4,000  wooden  movement  clocks  in  the  porter  contract.  at  this  time,  the  annual  yield  for  wooden  clocks  did  not  exceed  a  few  dozen  on  average.  terry  developed  a  milling  machine  in  1795,  in  which  he  perfected  interchangeable  parts.  in  1807,  terry  developed  a  spindle  cutting  machine,  which  could  produce  multiple  parts  at  the  same  time.  terry  hired  silas  hoadley  and  seth  thomas  to  work  the  assembly  line  at  the  facilities.  the  porter  contract  was  the  first  contract  which  called  for  mass  production  of  clock  movements  in  history.  in  1815,  terry  began  mass  producing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  first  shelf  clock.  chauncey  jerome,  an  apprentice  of  eli  terry  mass  produced  up  to  20,000  brass  clocks  annually  in  1840  when  he  invented  the  cheap  30  hour  og  clock.the  united  states  department  of  war  sponsored  the  development  of  interchangeable  parts  for  guns  produced  at  the  arsenals  at  springfield,  massachusetts  and  harpers  ferry,  virginia  now  west  virginia  in  the  early  decades  of  the  19th  century,  finally  achieving  reliable  interchangeability  by  about  1850.  this  period  coincided  with  the  development  of  machine  tools,  with  the  armories  designing  and  building  many  of  their  own.  some  of  the  methods  employed  were  a  system  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gauges  for  checking  dimensions  of  the  various  parts  and  jigs  and  fixtures  for  guiding  the  machine  tools  and  properly  holding  and  aligning  the  work  pieces.  this  system  came  to  be  known  as  armory  practice  or  the  american  system  of  manufacturing,  which  spread  throughout  new  england  aided  by  skilled  mechanics  from  the  armories  who  were  instrumental  in  transferring  the  technology  to  the  sewing  machines  manufacturers  and  other  industries  such  as  machine  tools,  harvesting  machines  and  bicycles.  singer  manufacturing  co.,  at  one  time  the  largest  sewing  machine  manufacturer,  did  not  achieve  interchangeable  parts  until  the  late  1880s,  around  the  same  time  cyrus
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mccormick  adopted  modern  manufacturing  practices  in  making  harvesting  machines.mass  production  benefited  from  the  development  of  materials  such  as  inexpensive  steel,  high  strength  steel  and  plastics.  machining  of  metals  was  greatly  enhanced  with  high  speed  steel  and  later  very  hard  materials  such  as  tungsten  carbide  for  cutting  edges.  fabrication  using  steel  components  was  aided  by  the  development  of  electric  welding  and  stamped  steel  parts,  both  which  appeared  in  industry  in  about  1890.  plastics  such  as  polyethylene,  polystyrene  and  polyvinyl  chloride  pvc  can  be  easily  formed  into  shapes  by  extrusion,  blow  molding  or  injection  molding,  resulting  in  very  low  cost  manufacture  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization consumer  products,  plastic  piping,  containers  and  parts.an  influential  article  that  helped  to  frame  and  popularize  the  20th  centurys  definition  of  mass  production  appeared  in  a  1926  encyclopdia  britannica  supplement.  the  article  was  written  based  on  correspondence  with  ford  motor  company  and  is  sometimes  credited  as  the  first  use  of  the  term.  factory  electrification  electrification  of  factories  began  very  gradually  in  the  1890s  after  the  introduction  of  a  practical  dc  motor  by  frank  j.  sprague  and  accelerated  after  the  ac  motor  was  developed  by  galileo  ferraris,  nikola  tesla  and  westinghouse,  mikhail  dolivodobrovolsky  and  others.  electrification  of  factories  was  fastest  between  1900
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  1930,  aided  by  the  establishment  of  electric  utilities  with  central  stations  and  the  lowering  of  electricity  prices  from  1914  to  1917.electric  motors  were  several  times  more  efficient  than  small  steam  engines  because  central  station  generation  were  more  efficient  than  small  steam  engines  and  because  line  shafts  and  belts  had  high  friction  losses.  electric  motors  allowed  also  more  flexibility  in  manufacturing  and  required  less  maintenance  than  line  shafts  and  belts.  many  factories  saw  a  30  increase  in  output  just  from  changing  over  to  electric  motors.electrification  enabled  modern  mass  production,  as  with  thomas  edisons  iron  ore  processing  plant  about  1893  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization could  process  20,000  tons  of  ore  per  day  with  two  shifts  of  five  men  each.  at  that  time  it  was  still  common  to  handle  bulk  materials  with  shovels,  wheelbarrows  and  small  narrow  gauge  rail  cars,  and  for  comparison,  a  canal  digger  in  previous  decades  typically  handled  5  tons  per  12hour  day.the  biggest  impact  of  early  mass  production  was  in  manufacturing  everyday  items,  such  as  at  the  ball  brothers  glass  manufacturing  company,  which  electrified  its  mason  jar  plant  in  muncie,  indiana,  u.s.  around  1900.  the  new  automated  process  used  glass  blowing  machines  to  replace  210  craftsman  glass  blowers  and  helpers.  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization small  electric  truck  was  used  to  handle  150  dozen  bottles  at  a  time  where  previously  a  hand  truck  would  carry  6  dozen.  electric  mixers  replaced  men  with  shovels  handling  sand  and  other  ingredients  that  were  fed  into  the  glass  furnace.  an  electric  overhead  crane  replaced  36  day  laborers  for  moving  heavy  loads  across  the  factory.according  to  henry  ford:the  provision  of  a  whole  new  system  of  electric  generation  emancipated  industry  from  the  leather  belt  and  line  shaft,  for  it  eventually  became  possible  to  provide  each  tool  with  its  own  electric  motor.  this  may  seem  only  a  detail  of  minor  importance.  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fact,  modern  industry  could  not  be  carried  out  with  the  belt  and  line  shaft  for  a  number  of  reasons.  the  motor  enabled  machinery  to  be  arranged  in  the  order  of  the  work,  and  that  alone  has  probably  doubled  the  efficiency  of  industry,  for  it  has  cut  out  a  tremendous  amount  of  useless  handling  and  hauling.  the  belt  and  line  shaft  were  also  tremendously  wasteful  so  wasteful  indeed  that  no  factory  could  be  really  large,  for  even  the  longest  line  shaft  was  small  according  to  modern  requirements.  also  high  speed  tools  were  impossible  under  the  old  conditions  neither  the  pulleys  nor
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  belts  could  stand  modern  speeds.  without  high  speed  tools  and  the  finer  steels  which  they  brought  about,  there  could  be  nothing  of  what  we  call  modern  industry.mass  production  was  popularized  in  the  late  1910s  and  1920s  by  henry  fords  ford  motor  company,  which  introduced  electric  motors  to  the  thenwellknown  technique  of  chain  or  sequential  production.  ford  also  bought  or  designed  and  built  special  purpose  machine  tools  and  fixtures  such  as  multiple  spindle  drill  presses  that  could  drill  every  hole  on  one  side  of  an  engine  block  in  one  operation  and  a  multiple  head  milling  machine  that  could  simultaneously  machine
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 15  engine  blocks  held  on  a  single  fixture.  all  of  these  machine  tools  were  arranged  systematically  in  the  production  flow  and  some  had  special  carriages  for  rolling  heavy  items  into  machining  position.  production  of  the  ford  model  t  used  32,000  machine  tools.  the  use  of  assembly  lines  mass  production  systems  for  items  made  of  numerous  parts  are  usually  organized  into  assembly  lines.  the  assemblies  pass  by  on  a  conveyor,  or  if  they  are  heavy,  hung  from  an  overhead  crane  or  monorail.in  a  factory  for  a  complex  product,  rather  than  one  assembly  line,  there  may  be  many  auxiliary  assembly  lines  feeding
__label__assetoperationsoptimization subassemblies  i.e.  car  engines  or  seats  to  a  backbone  main  assembly  line.  a  diagram  of  a  typical  massproduction  factory  looks  more  like  the  skeleton  of  a  fish  than  a  single  line.  vertical  integration  vertical  integration  is  a  business  practice  that  involves  gaining  complete  control  over  a  products  production,  from  raw  materials  to  final  assembly.in  the  age  of  mass  production,  this  caused  shipping  and  trade  problems  in  that  shipping  systems  were  unable  to  transport  huge  volumes  of  finished  automobiles  in  henry  fords  case  without  causing  damage,  and  also  government  policies  imposed  trade  barriers  on  finished  units.ford  built  the  ford  river  rouge
__label__assetoperationsoptimization complex  with  the  idea  of  making  the  companys  own  iron  and  steel  in  the  same  large  factory  site  as  parts  and  car  assembly  took  place.  river  rouge  also  generated  its  own  electricity.upstream  vertical  integration,  such  as  to  raw  materials,  is  away  from  leading  technology  toward  mature,  low  return  industries.  most  companies  chose  to  focus  on  their  core  business  rather  than  vertical  integration.  this  included  buying  parts  from  outside  suppliers,  who  could  often  produce  them  as  cheaply  or  cheaper.standard  oil,  the  major  oil  company  in  the  19th  century,  was  vertically  integrated  partly  because  there  was  no  demand  for  unrefined  crude  oil,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization but  kerosene  and  some  other  products  were  in  great  demand.  the  other  reason  was  that  standard  oil  monopolized  the  oil  industry.  the  major  oil  companies  were,  and  many  still  are,  vertically  integrated,  from  production  to  refining  and  with  their  own  retail  stations,  although  some  sold  off  their  retail  operations.  some  oil  companies  also  have  chemical  divisions.lumber  and  paper  companies  at  one  time  owned  most  of  their  timber  lands  and  sold  some  finished  products  such  as  corrugated  boxes.  the  tendency  has  been  to  divest  of  timber  lands  to  raise  cash  and  to  avoid  property  taxes.  advantages  and  disadvantages  the  economies  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mass  production  come  from  several  sources.  the  primary  cause  is  a  reduction  of  nonproductive  effort  of  all  types.  in  craft  production,  the  craftsman  must  bustle  about  a  shop,  getting  parts  and  assembling  them.  he  must  locate  and  use  many  tools  many  times  for  varying  tasks.  in  mass  production,  each  worker  repeats  one  or  a  few  related  tasks  that  use  the  same  tool  to  perform  identical  or  nearidentical  operations  on  a  stream  of  products.  the  exact  tool  and  parts  are  always  at  hand,  having  been  moved  down  the  assembly  line  consecutively.  the  worker  spends  little  or  no  time  retrieving  and/or  preparing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization materials  and  tools,  and  so  the  time  taken  to  manufacture  a  product  using  mass  production  is  shorter  than  when  using  traditional  methods.the  probability  of  human  error  and  variation  is  also  reduced,  as  tasks  are  predominantly  carried  out  by  machinery;  error  in  operating  such  machinery,  however,  has  more  farreaching  consequences.  a  reduction  in  labour  costs,  as  well  as  an  increased  rate  of  production,  enables  a  company  to  produce  a  larger  quantity  of  one  product  at  a  lower  cost  than  using  traditional,  nonlinear  methods.however,  mass  production  is  inflexible  because  it  is  difficult  to  alter  a  design  or  production  process  after  a  production
__label__assetoperationsoptimization line  is  implemented.  also,  all  products  produced  on  one  production  line  will  be  identical  or  very  similar,  and  introducing  variety  to  satisfy  individual  tastes  is  not  easy.  however,  some  variety  can  be  achieved  by  applying  different  finishes  and  decorations  at  the  end  of  the  production  line  if  necessary.  the  starter  cost  for  the  machinery  can  be  expensive  so  the  producer  must  be  sure  it  sells  or  the  producers  will  lose  a  lot  of  money.the  ford  model  t  produced  tremendous  affordable  output  but  was  not  very  good  at  responding  to  demand  for  variety,  customization,  or  design  changes.  as  a  consequence  ford
__label__assetoperationsoptimization eventually  lost  market  share  to  general  motors,  who  introduced  annual  model  changes,  more  accessories  and  a  choice  of  colors.with  each  passing  decade,  engineers  have  found  ways  to  increase  the  flexibility  of  mass  production  systems,  driving  down  the  lead  times  on  new  product  development  and  allowing  greater  customization  and  variety  of  products.  socioeconomic  impacts  in  the  1830s,  french  political  thinker  and  historian  alexis  de  tocqueville  identified  one  of  the  key  characteristics  of  america  that  would  later  make  it  so  amenable  to  the  development  of  mass  production:  the  homogeneous  consumer  base.  de  tocqueville  wrote  in  his  democracy  in  america  1835  that  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization absence  in  the  united  states  of  those  vast  accumulations  of  wealth  which  favor  the  expenditures  of  large  sums  on  articles  of  mere  luxury...  impact  to  the  productions  of  american  industry  a  character  distinct  from  that  of  other  countries  industries.  production  is  geared  toward  articles  suited  to  the  wants  of  the  whole  people.mass  production  improved  productivity,  which  was  a  contributing  factor  to  economic  growth  and  the  decline  in  work  week  hours,  alongside  other  factors  such  as  transportation  infrastructures  canals,  railroads  and  highways  and  agricultural  mechanization.  these  factors  caused  the  typical  work  week  to  decline  from  70  hours  in  the  early  19th
__label__assetoperationsoptimization century  to  60  hours  late  in  the  century,  then  to  50  hours  in  the  early  20th  century  and  finally  to  40  hours  in  the  mid1930s.mass  production  permitted  great  increases  in  total  production.  using  a  european  crafts  system  into  the  late  19th  century  it  was  difficult  to  meet  demand  for  products  such  as  sewing  machines  and  animal  powered  mechanical  harvesters.  by  the  late  1920s  many  previously  scarce  goods  were  in  good  supply.  one  economist  has  argued  that  this  constituted  overproduction  and  contributed  to  high  unemployment  during  the  great  depression.  says  law  denies  the  possibility  of  general  overproduction  and  for  this  reason
__label__assetoperationsoptimization classical  economists  deny  that  it  had  any  role  in  the  great  depression.mass  production  allowed  the  evolution  of  consumerism  by  lowering  the  unit  cost  of  many  goods  used.  see  also  references  further  reading  beaudreau,  bernard  c.  1996.  mass  production,  the  stock  market  crash  and  the  great  depression.  new  york,  lincoln,  shanghi:  authors  choice  press.borth,  christy.  masters  of  mass  production,  bobbsmerrill  company,  indianapolis,  in,  1945.herman,  arthur.  freedoms  forge:  how  american  business  produced  victory  in  world  war  ii,  random  house,  new  york,  ny,  2012.  isbn  9781400069644.  external  links  quotations  related  to  mass  production  at  wikiquote  media  related  to  mass  production  at  wikimedia  commons
__label__assetoperationsoptimization scheduling  is  the  process  of  arranging,  controlling  and  optimizing  work  and  workloads  in  a  production  process  or  manufacturing  process.  scheduling  is  used  to  allocate  plant  and  machinery  resources,  plan  human  resources,  plan  production  processes  and  purchase  materials.it  is  an  important  tool  for  manufacturing  and  engineering,  where  it  can  have  a  major  impact  on  the  productivity  of  a  process.  in  manufacturing,  the  purpose  of  scheduling  is  to  minimize  the  production  time  and  costs,  by  telling  a  production  facility  when  to  make,  with  which  staff,  and  on  which  equipment.  production  scheduling  aims  to  maximize  the  efficiency  of  the  operation  and  reduce  costs.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  some  situations,  scheduling  can  involve  random  attributes,  such  as  random  processing  times,  random  due  dates,  random  weights,  and  stochastic  machine  breakdowns.  in  this  case,  the  scheduling  problems  are  referred  to  as  stochastic  scheduling.  overview  scheduling  is  the  process  of  arranging,  controlling  and  optimizing  work  and  workloads  in  a  production  process.  companies  use  backward  and  forward  scheduling  to  allocate  plant  and  machinery  resources,  plan  human  resources,  plan  production  processes  and  purchase  materials.forward  scheduling  is  planning  the  tasks  from  the  date  resources  become  available  to  determine  the  shipping  date  or  the  due  date.backward  scheduling  is  planning  the  tasks  from  the  due
__label__assetoperationsoptimization date  or  requiredby  date  to  determine  the  start  date  and/or  any  changes  in  capacity  required.the  benefits  of  production  scheduling  include:process  changeover  reductioninventory  reduction,  levelingreduced  scheduling  effortincreased  production  efficiencylabor  load  levelingaccurate  delivery  date  quotesreal  time  informationproduction  scheduling  tools  greatly  outperform  older  manual  scheduling  methods.  these  provide  the  production  scheduler  with  powerful  graphical  interfaces  which  can  be  used  to  visually  optimize  realtime  work  loads  in  various  stages  of  production,  and  pattern  recognition  allows  the  software  to  automatically  create  scheduling  opportunities  which  might  not  be  apparent  without  this  view  into  the  data.  for  example,  an  airline  might  wish  to  minimize  the  number  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization airport  gates  required  for  its  aircraft,  in  order  to  reduce  costs,  and  scheduling  software  can  allow  the  planners  to  see  how  this  can  be  done,  by  analyzing  time  tables,  aircraft  usage,  or  the  flow  of  passengers.  key  concepts  in  scheduling  a  key  character  of  scheduling  is  the  productivity,  the  relation  between  quantity  of  inputs  and  quantity  of  output.  key  concepts  here  are:inputs  :  inputs  are  plant,  labor,  materials,  tooling,  energy  and  a  clean  environment.outputs  :  outputs  are  the  products  produced  in  factories  either  for  other  factories  or  for  the  end  buyer.  the  extent  to  which  any  one  product  is  produced
__label__assetoperationsoptimization within  any  one  factory  is  governed  by  transaction  cost.output  within  the  factory  :  the  output  of  any  one  work  area  within  the  factory  is  an  input  to  the  next  work  area  in  that  factory  according  to  the  manufacturing  process.  for  example,  the  output  of  cutting  is  an  input  to  the  bending  room.output  for  the  next  factory  :  by  way  of  example,  the  output  of  a  paper  mill  is  an  input  to  a  print  factory.  the  output  of  a  petrochemicals  plant  is  an  input  to  an  asphalt  plant,  a  cosmetics  factory  and  a  plastics  factory.output  for  the  end  buyer  :  factory
__label__assetoperationsoptimization output  goes  to  the  consumer  via  a  service  business  such  as  a  retailer  or  an  asphalt  paving  company.resource  allocation  :  resource  allocation  is  assigning  inputs  to  produce  output.  the  aim  is  to  maximize  output  with  given  inputs  or  to  minimize  quantity  of  inputs  to  produce  required  output.  scheduling  algorithms  production  scheduling  can  take  a  significant  amount  of  computing  power  if  there  are  a  large  number  of  tasks.  therefore,  a  range  of  shortcut  algorithms  heuristics  a.k.a.  dispatching  rules  are  used:stochastic  algorithms  :  economic  lot  scheduling  problem  and  economic  production  quantityheuristic  algorithms  :  modified  due  date  scheduling  heuristic  and  shifting  bottleneck  heuristic
__label__assetoperationsoptimization batch  production  scheduling  background  batch  production  scheduling  is  the  practice  of  planning  and  scheduling  of  batch  manufacturing  processes.  see  batch  production.  although  scheduling  may  apply  to  traditionally  continuous  processes  such  as  refining,  it  is  especially  important  for  batch  processes  such  as  those  for  pharmaceutical  active  ingredients,  biotechnology  processes  and  many  specialty  chemical  processes.  batch  production  scheduling  shares  some  concepts  and  techniques  with  finite  capacity  scheduling  which  has  been  applied  to  many  manufacturing  problems.  the  specific  issues  of  scheduling  batch  manufacturing  processes  have  generated  considerable  industrial  and  academic  interest.  scheduling  in  the  batch  processing  environment  a  batch  process  can  be  described
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  terms  of  a  recipe  which  comprises  a  bill  of  materials  and  operating  instructions  which  describe  how  to  make  the  product.  the  isa  s88  batch  process  control  standard  provides  a  framework  for  describing  a  batch  process  recipe.  the  standard  provides  a  procedural  hierarchy  for  a  recipe.  a  recipe  may  be  organized  into  a  series  of  unitprocedures  or  major  steps.  unitprocedures  are  organized  into  operations,  and  operations  may  be  further  organized  into  phases.the  following  textbook  recipe  illustrates  the  organization.charge  and  mix  materials  a  and  b  in  a  heated  reactor,  heat  to  80c  and  react  4  hours  to  form  c.transfer  to  blending
__label__assetoperationsoptimization tank,  add  solvent  d,  blend  1hour.  solid  c  precipitates.centrifuge  for  2  hours  to  separate  c.dry  in  a  tray  dryer  for  1  hour.a  simplified  s88style  procedural  organization  of  the  recipe  might  appear  as  follows:note  that  the  organization  here  is  intended  to  capture  the  entire  process  for  scheduling.  a  recipe  for  processcontrol  purposes  may  have  a  more  narrow  scope.most  of  the  constraints  and  restrictions  described  by  pinedo  are  applicable  in  batch  processing.  the  various  operations  in  a  recipe  are  subject  to  timing  or  precedence  constraints  that  describe  when  they  start  and  or  end  with  respect  to  each  other.  furthermore,  because  materials  may
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  perishable  or  unstable,  waiting  between  successive  operations  may  be  limited  or  impossible.  operation  durations  may  be  fixed  or  they  may  depend  on  the  durations  of  other  operations.in  addition  to  process  equipment,  batch  process  activities  may  require  labor,  materials,  utilities  and  extra  equipment.  cycletime  analysis  in  some  simple  cases,  an  analysis  of  the  recipe  can  reveal  the  maximum  production  rate  and  the  rate  limiting  unit.  in  the  process  example  above  if  a  number  of  batches  or  lots  of  product  c  are  to  be  produced,  it  is  useful  to  calculate  the  minimum  time  between  consecutive  batch  starts  cycletime.  if  a  batch
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  allowed  to  start  before  the  end  of  the  prior  batch  the  minimum  cycletime  is  given  by  the  following  relationship:where  ctmin  is  the  shortest  possible  cycle  time  for  a  process  with  m  unitprocedures  and  j  is  the  total  duration  for  the  jth  unitprocedure.  the  unitprocedure  with  the  maximum  duration  is  sometimes  referred  to  as  the  bottleneck.  this  relationship  applies  when  each  unitprocedure  has  a  single  dedicated  equipment  unit.if  redundant  equipment  units  are  available  for  at  least  one  unitprocedure,  the  minimum  cycletime  becomes:where  nj  is  the  number  of  redundant  equipment  for  unit  procedure  j.if  equipment  is  reused  within  a  process,  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization minimum  cycletime  becomes  more  dependent  on  particular  process  details.  for  example,  if  the  drying  procedure  in  the  current  example  is  replaced  with  another  reaction  in  the  reactor,  the  minimum  cycle  time  depends  on  the  operating  policy  and  on  the  relative  durations  of  other  procedures.  in  the  cases  below,  an  increase  in  the  hold  time  in  the  tote  can  decrease  the  average  minimum  cycle  time.  visualization  various  charts  are  used  to  help  schedulers  visually  manage  schedules  and  constraints.  the  gantt  chart  is  a  display  that  shows  activities  on  a  horizontal  bar  graph  in  which  the  bars  represent  the  time  of  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization activity.  below  is  an  example  of  a  gantt  chart  for  the  process  in  the  example  described  above.another  time  chart  which  is  also  sometimes  called  a  gantt  chart  shows  the  time  during  which  key  resources,  e.g.  equipment,  are  occupied.  the  previous  figures  show  this  occupancystyle  gantt  chart.resources  that  are  consumed  on  a  rate  basis,  e.g.  electrical  power,  steam  or  labor,  are  generally  displayed  as  consumption  rate  vs  time  plots.  algorithmic  methods  when  scheduling  situations  become  more  complicated,  for  example  when  two  or  more  processes  share  resources,  it  may  be  difficult  to  find  the  best  schedule.  a  number  of  common  scheduling  problems,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization including  variations  on  the  example  described  above,  fall  into  a  class  of  problems  that  become  very  difficult  to  solve  as  their  size  number  of  procedures  and  operations  grows.a  wide  variety  of  algorithms  and  approaches  have  been  applied  to  batch  process  scheduling.  early  methods,  which  were  implemented  in  some  mrp  systems  assumed  infinite  capacity  and  depended  only  on  the  batch  time.  such  methods  did  not  account  for  any  resources,  and  would  produce  infeasible  schedules.mathematical  programming  methods  involve  formulating  the  scheduling  problem  as  an  optimization  problem  where  some  objective,  e.g.  total  duration,  must  be  minimized  or  maximized  subject  to  a  series  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization constraints  which  are  generally  stated  as  a  set  of  inequalities  and  equalities.  the  objective  and  constraints  may  involve  zeroorone  integer  variables  as  well  as  nonlinear  relationships.  an  appropriate  solver  is  applied  for  the  resulting  mixedinteger  linear  or  nonlinear  programming  milp/minlp  problem.  the  approach  is  theoretically  guaranteed  to  find  an  optimal  solution  if  one  exists.  the  disadvantage  is  that  the  solver  algorithm  may  take  an  unreasonable  amount  of  time.  practitioners  may  use  problemspecific  simplifications  in  the  formulation  to  get  faster  solutions  without  eliminating  critical  components  of  the  scheduling  model.constraint  programming  is  a  similar  approach  except  that  the  problem  is  formulated  only
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  a  set  of  constraints  and  the  goal  is  to  arrive  at  a  feasible  solution  rapidly.  multiple  solutions  are  possible  with  this  method.  see  also  advanced  planning  and  schedulinggantt  chartkanbanmanufacturing  process  managementresourcetask  networksinglemachine  schedulingschedule  project  managementscheduling  computingstochastic  scheduling  references  further  reading  blazewicz,  j.,  ecker,  k.h.,  pesch,  e.,  schmidt,  g.  und  j.  weglarz,  scheduling  computer  and  manufacturing  processes,  berlin  springer  2001,  isbn  3540419314herrmann,  jeffrey  w.,  editor,  2006,  handbook  of  production  scheduling,  springer,  new  york.mckay,  k.n.,  and  wiers,  v.c.s.,  2004,  practical  production  control:  a  survival  guide  for  planners  and  schedulers,  j.  ross  publishing,  boca  raton,  florida.  copublished  with  apics.pinedo,  michael  l.  2005.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization brightness6  search  close  a  comprehensive  portfolio  to  remove  barriers  and  unify  your  analytic  ecosystem.  get  better  business  outcomes  quickly,  innovatively,  and  in  line  with  core  strategies  and  objectives.  explore  teradata  learning  and  growth  opportunities  or  get  support  for  your  current  teradata  portfolio  of  products.  searchable  technical  publications  including  user  guides,  configuration  guides,  sql  manuals,  and  much  more.  simple,  secure  customer  access  to  products,  services,  education,  and  support  function  information.  management,  development,  and  oversight  of  the  premiere  teradata  certification  program.  comprehensive,  costeffective  training  programs  to  build  teradata  skills  and  capabilities.  students  experience  corporate  reality  with  handson  experiences  provided  by  professordesigned  assignments.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization our  success  is  rooted  in  proven  capabilities  spanning  technology,  people,  and  methodologies.  unleashing  the  potential  of  great  companies  with  data  and  analytics  requires  driven,  forwardthinking  people.  keyboardarrowright  keyboardarrowleft  keyboardarrowright  realtime  data  delivered  via  sensors  is  part  and  parcel  of  the  internet  of  things  iot.  combined  with  business  context  data,  it  has  the  potential  to  improve  productivity,  reduce  downtime,  and  improve  both  asset  utilization  and  effectiveness.  both  oems  and  end  users  can  leverage  iot,  data,  and  analytics  to  drive  significant  improvements  to  critical  operations  by  monitoring  and  optimizing  maintenance  for  whats  happening  now  ,  and  prediction  analytics  for  insights  into  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization future  .  videocam  monitor  asset  usage  to  improve  performance,  reduce  downtime  add  new  revenue  streams  including  assetsasaservice  improve  quality  and  yield  by  analyzing  endtoend  processes  eliminate  siloinduced  blind  spots  reduce  spare  parts  inventory  without  impacting  schedules  assist  operators  with  aiaided  asset  reporting  not  all  data  is  equally  valuable.  thats  why  teradata  helps  clients  analyze  the  right  data,  in  the  right  context.  our  manufacturing,  transportation,  smart  city,  and  utilities  experts  bring  use  cases  and  analytics  together  to  find  the  maximum  business  value  and  roi.  eliminate  siloinduced  blind  spots  up  to  100  petabytes  30  years  supporting  renowned  global  manufacturers  to  deliver  highimpact
__label__assetoperationsoptimization asset  optimization  we  rely  on  the  teradata  velocity  services  portfolio,  an  integrated  set  of  consulting  capabilities  that  helps  us  build  the  robust  infrastructure  need  to  ingest,  store,  and  analyze  critical  information  about  their  assets.  that  information  is  used  to  keep  assets  running  at  maximum  efficiency  through  maintenance  and  service,  ultimately  lowering  total  cost  of  ownership  tco  from  strategy  to  procurement,  planning  asset  deployment,  and  through  all  operational  phases  of  infrastructure  and  asset  management.  videocam  oems  and  end  users  around  the  globe  are  leveraging  iot,  data,  and  analytics  to  drive  significant  improvements  to  critical  operations.  videocam  insertdrivefile  forbes  magazine:  highimpact  business
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  our  we  discussed  how  scada  technology  has  reached  its  limits  and  cant  be  expected  to  take  companies  to  the  next  level  of  operational  excellence  without  help  from  a  complimentary  iot  presence.  scada  systems  can  incorporate  historians  to  collect  and  log  data  from  various  devices  into  a  database  that  can  subsequently  be  analyzed,  but  this  rearview  mirror  approach  to  analytics  can  only  go  so  far.  it  can  answer  questions  like,  what  was  the  average  valve  cover  temperature  in  device  x  yesterday?  it  cant  answer  questions  like,  how  likely  is  this  valve  to  fail  in  the  next  eight  hours?  much  less
__label__assetoperationsoptimization facilitate  or  even  automate  the  corrective  action  needed  to  avoid  an  unplanned  shutdown  or  a  serious  accident.  this  is  where  the  iot  comes  in  to  help  your  company  achieve  operational  excellence,  a  welldefined  approach  to  extending  the  life  and  optimizing  the  performance  and  reliability  of  assets.  the  business  value  of  longer  asset  life  with  fewer  unexpected  failures  has  been  demonstrated  again  and  again.  in  a  typical  refinery,  for  example,  the  cost  of  missed  production  due  to  unplanned  shutdowns  can  range  from  340,000  to  1.7  million  per  day,  on  profit  margins  at  the  time.  in  the  electric  utility  sector,  advanced  distribution
__label__assetoperationsoptimization management  systems  based  on  iot  technology  have  reduced  outage  durations  by  as  much  as  60  minutes  by  more  accurately  predicting  incident  locations  and  identifying  nested  .  in  addition,  according  to  business  insider  ,  companies  will  save  157  billion  by  2035  through  the  use  of  iotbased  .  today,  costly  unplanned  shutdowns  are  a  fact  of  life.  in  order  to  avoid  them,  companies  often  resort  to  redundant  systems  or  overmaintenance,  replacing  lubricants  sooner  than  necessary  or  changing  out  bearings  that  still  have  life.  when  companies  can  more  accurately  calculate  the  probability  of  an  asset  failure,  they  can  safely  postpone  maintenance  or  replacement
__label__assetoperationsoptimization until  theres  a  real  need  backed  up  by  data.  in  many  cases,  they  can  also  eliminate  unnecessary  redundancies.  the  asset  optimization  maturity  model  provides  a  clear  path  toward  the  increased  operational  excellence  that  can  deliver  benefits  like  these.  it  defines  five  levels  of  maturity:  prescribe  these  five  levels  are  often  summarized  as  evolving  from  reactive  to  preventive  to  predictive  maintenance.  in  our  next  post,  we  will  discuss  taking  an  evolutionary  approach  to  operational  excellence.  iot  systems  on  top  of  technology  will  surely  become  a  significant  component  in  asset  optimization  for  the  oil  and  gas  industries  over  time.  thought  leadership  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization an  overused  term.  it  was  invented  by  marketing  professionals  in  order  to  thinly  disguise  corporate  sales  pitches.  businesses  today  do  not  need  sales  pitches.  they  need  real  use  cases  that  show  them  how  other  innovative  companies  solve  real  world  problems.  they  need  a  reality  check  a  digital  reality  check.  beyond  b2b,  a  digital  reality  check  is  your  resource  where  you  can  read,  comment  and  contribute  to  thoughtprovoking  discussions  that  will  inspire  you  to  achieve  digitization.  leave  the  jargon  to  the  marketing  people.  blogeditorsoftwareag.com
__label__assetoperationsoptimization pinkypills  /  istock  /  thinkstock  in  this  white  paper,  we  explore  the  benefits  of  iiotconnected  service  monitoring  frameworks  to  enhance  the  reliability  and  extend  the  functionality  of  industrial  equipment.  we  also  look  at  the  implementation  challenges  that  companies  face  as  the  mandate  for  increased  digital  services  grows  stronger.  finally,  we  look  at  the  importance  of  analytics  for  enhancing  timetovalue  of  asset  performance  data  and  for  gaining  actionable  insights  to  upgrade  management  levels.  improved  asset  management  through  iiotgenerated  data  can  provide  benefits  up  and  down  the  supply  chain.  these  include  relaying  critical  supplier  data,  remote  asset  monitoring  to  increase  performance,  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization improving  product  transportation  and  distribution.  as  one  example,  companies  can  analyze  data  accrued  through  sensors  to  boost  timetorepair  metrics.  manufacturers  can  also  leverage  connected  productcentric  ecosystems  to  support  overall  operational  excellence  as  well  as  to  design  and  develop  products  that  better  align  with  customer  needs  and  preferences.  as  you  consider  your  move  toward  increased  digital  services,  its  critical  to  recognize  how  fundamental  the  iiot  is  to  connected  products,  connected  supply  chains,  and  smart  manufacturing.  based  on  a  recent  study  by  cognizants  center  for  the  future  of  work,  the  businesstobusiness  industrial  equipment  space  is  among  the  most  active  areas  for  smart
__label__assetoperationsoptimization product  development,  with  58  of  respondents  stating  that  their  companies  are  already  developing  products  .  improved  asset  management  is  one  benefit  of  increased  smart  systems  adoption.  however,  the  benefits  of  iiot  connectivity  are  not  limited  to  manufacturers.  large  distributedassetbased  industries,  such  as  rail  and  utilities,  are  also  transitioning  toward  integrated  adoption  of  asset  management  frameworks.  theyre  making  use  of  the  enhanced  capabilities  of  both  improved  networking  and  centralized  data  processing.  in  addition  to  improving  the  functionality  of  diverse  assets  shop  floor  machinery,  remote  field  equipment,  transport  vehicles,  etc.,  greater  use  of  the  iiot  can  help  to  optimize  and  lower  operational
__label__assetoperationsoptimization costs,  reduce  resource  consumption,  and  increase  equipment/machinery  uptime.  this  is  based  on  using  quantifiable  performance  data  to  drive  incremental  improvements.  these  realtime,  datarich  insights  are  derived  from  point  of  origination  sensors  at  machine  device  level.  further,  by  applying  data  analytics,  companies  can  use  these  insights  to  more  accurately  predict  peak  performance  levels  and  adjust  online/offline  schedules  to  optimize  production.  across  all  industries,  smart  systems  are  helping  to  make  significant  advances  in  design,  engineering,  production,  and  transportation.  for  example,  in  the  automotive  industry  telematics  can  relay  useful  performance  information.  this  data  can  influence  future  designs  and  in  turn  speed  up  production
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cycles  to  bring  the  latest  models  to  market  faster.  these  smart  systems  comprise  a  number  of  consistent  elements:  iotnetworked  sensors,  machinetomachine  m2m  communications,  intelligent  automation,  interoperability,  and  security  protocols.  the  same  holds  true  for  advanced  asset  management  in  manufacturing.  in  contrast  to  traditional  forms  of  asset  management  that  are  grounded  in  a  reactive  and  static  approach,  iiotbased  operational  data  can  bolster  more  proactive,  predictive,  and  responsive  methods  for  asset  maintenance  and  renewal.  most  connected  ecosystems  that  employ  the  iiot  include  these  five  components:  an  important  aspect  of  industrial  hardware  is  the  ability  to  apply  sensors  to  an  asset.  these  provide
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  means  by  which  machinery,  heavy  equipment,  or  transport  can  transmit  data.  in  an  effort  to  increase  the  return  on  assets  roa,  manufacturers  are  using  their  digital  capabilities  to  develop  remote  service  monitoring  frameworks.  these  further  enhance  both  the  servicing  and  reliability  of  all  iiotconnected  industrial  assets.  moreover,  the  intelligence  levels  and  data  granularity  of  these  manufacturing  sensors  continue  to  grow.  thats  due  to  advances  in  data  gathering,  storage,  processing,  networking,  and  communications.  in  the  manufacturing  sector,  machinetomachine  m2m  communication  has  been  a  mainstay  for  decades.  in  certain  respects,  the  iiot  simply  represents  a  more  sophisticated  version  of  that  technology.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  manufacturing  plants  adopt  increasing  numbers  of  wireless  networks,  these  interconnected  ecosystems  offer  an  effective  means  for  relaying  asset  information  so  that  operations  can  instantly  respond  as  necessary  using  mobilebased  tools.  discrete  silos  of  information  have  long  posed  challenges  to  manufacturing  companies.  with  increased  digital  capabilities,  these  organizations  are  moving  away  from  traditional  relational  databases  responsible  for  those  divisions.  instead,  operations  teams  are  relying  on  big  dataoriented  and  inmemory  databases  to  more  easily  store,  share,  and  act  on  information  quickly,  thus  improving  overall  asset  management.  analytics  tools  are  evolving  to  address  different  types  of  intelligence  requirements.  thats  partly  due  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  fact  that  no  single  tool  can  meet  all  the  conditions  within  different  business  and  operational  contexts.  improved  processing,  diverse  platforms  proprietary,  open  source,  etc.,  and  the  ability  to  analyze  everincreasing  amounts  of  unstructured  data  enables  manufacturers  to  generate  insights  across  every  aspect  of  production  and  to  optimize  asset  performance.  increased  mobility  on  the  shop  floor  enables  operations  to  gain  access  to  a  wealth  of  assetrelated  information  and  to  act  quickly  on  that  data  in  realtime,  especially  in  terms  of  maintenance  and  repair.  technicians  thus  have  the  capabilities  to  receive  alerts  and  notifications,  access  knowledge  bases,  and  capture  data  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization improve  asset  oversight  and  control.  such  capabilities  also  increase  an  organizations  competitive  edge  through  improved  decisionmaking  and  more  streamlined  production  processes.  while  establishing  iiotconnected  ecosystems  offers  a  wealth  of  opportunities,  companies  can  also  face  implementation  challenges.  this  is  partly  due  to  the  need  for  architectures  that  can  handle  scale,  interoperability,  and  offer  longterm  viability.  in  general,  a  lack  of  industry  standards  and  welldefined  best  practices  present  barriers  as  companies  consider  their  best  approach.  these  concerns  extend  not  only  to  ensuring  security,  but  they  also  include  data  gathering/storage  issues  and  acquiring  the  right  connectivity  networks.  adopting  an  iiot  ecosystem  requires  significant
__label__assetoperationsoptimization collaboration  across  an  organization  and  must  be  driven  by  executive  leadership.  moreover,  a  single  internal,  crossfunctional  group  should  be  responsible  for  directing  the  connected  agenda.  as  manufacturers  add  more  sensors  and  wireless  capabilities  to  establish  greater  iiot  connectivity,  theyre  encountering  certain  challenges  in  these  areas:  safeguards  need  to  be  applied  to  communications  pathways,  data  capture  processes,  and  storage.  in  addition  to  ensuring  that  governance  and  compliance  policies  are  in  place,  frequent  security  testing  is  essential.  recent  cyber  incursions,  such  as  the  2016  mirai  distributed  denial  of  service  ddos  iot  botnet  attach,  have  renewed  focus  on  the  importance  of  security  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization csuite  executives  strategize  greater  iiot  adoption.  an  iiot  architecture  consists  of  many  heterogeneous  networks  connecting  devices  and  things  via  standard  and  proprietary  protocols,  including  secure  tls  and  dtls.  adding  unique  authentication  keys  and  identifiers  to  large  numbers  of  manufacturing  assets  vastly  increases  complexity.  since  there  is  no  plugin,  offtheshelf  approach  to  securing  iiot  communications  at  the  protocol  level,  companies  face  the  difficult  task  of  balancing  security  as  it  relates  to  bandwidth,  sensor  power  supplies,  network  communications,  and  processing.  to  ensure  resilient  and  secure  iiot  solutions,  governance,  risk,  and  compliance  policies  need  to  be  in  place  along  with  regular  security  updates.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  manufacturing  companies,  the  selection  of  device  and  data  management  platforms  depends  on  degrees  of  scalability,  flexibility,  ease  of  device  and  data  management,  and  application  support.  moreover,  companies  must  address  privacy  concerns  for  all  data  that  is  captured,  stored,  processed,  and  accessed,  regardless  of  the  device  used  sensors,  mobile,  etc..  choosing  the  right  data  gathering  technology  depends  on  a  unique  combination  of  iiot  infrastructure  capability  and  maturity,  perceived  customer  value  has  asset  management  improved?  has  it  produced  results?  and  the  business  model  selected.  the  key  with  iiotconnected  asset  management  is  to  capture  actionable  data  that  addresses  the  specific  problems  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  solved  in  terms  of  asset  management  and  increases  efficiencies.  within  a  manufacturing  environment,  an  iiotconnected  network  includes  hardware  devices  sensors,  controllers,  gateways  communications  protocols,  analytics  tools,  and  device  and  data  management  platforms.  this  represents  a  complex  interchange  of  technologies  lacking  standards  and  common  protocols.  regardless,  manufacturers  are  moving  forward  quickly  to  capitalize  on  the  iiot.  for  example,  research  from  idc  predicts  that  by  2018,  40  percent  of  the  top  one  hundred  discrete  manufacturers  will  include  ip  connectivity  to  provide  products  as  a  service  .  this  trend,  termed  servitization,  extends  the  value  of  product  offerings  by  supplementing  additional  services.  remote
__label__assetoperationsoptimization diagnostics  and  maintenance  can  be  performed  based  on  accrued  product  data.  the  same  model  can  be  applied  to  shop  floor  or  remote  asset  management.  ultimately,  iiot  systems  and  the  connectivity  through  which  they  relay  data  must  be  adaptive  and  scalable.  this  is  possible  primarily  through  software  or  added  functionality  that  integrates  with  the  overall  iiot  solution.  as  more  data  is  generated,  manufacturers  are  increasingly  inundated  with  information.  research  firm  mckinsey  estimates  the  value  created  by  iot  applications  will  rise  to  3.7  trillion  in  2025  .  this  will  be  due  in  part  to  improved  inventory  assessment  and  operations  management  as  well
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  predictive  maintenanceall  key  aspects  of  effective  asset  management.  in  general,  gaining  the  most  current  status  information  is  critical  to  effective  asset  management.  edge  analytic  processes  i.e.,  at  the  edge  of  the  network  provide  fresh,  actionable  data  analyzed  in  real  time  to  help  reduce  service  latency,  improve  asset  response  times,  and  draw  locally  usable  management  insights  to  make  predictions  on  asset  maintenance  and  upkeep.  diverse  industry  sectors  that  rely  on  edge  analytics  for  asset  management  include:  transportation  cargo/container  tracking;  heavy  equipment  and  oems  asset  diagnostics  and  usage,  and  energy  operational  technology  ot  planning.  a  key  aspect  to  keep  in  mind
__label__assetoperationsoptimization regarding  edge  analytics  is  its  ability  to  deliver  results  for  specific  assetrelated  problem  solving  and  to  eliminate  extraneous  data.  compiling  different  sensor  readings,  edge  analytics  stores  data  locally  for  anomaly  detection,  sending  only  problematic  data  to  the  cloud  where  it  triggers  alerts  and  reports  for  operations  teams.  this  both  ensures  privacy  and  data  security  as  well  as  reduces  overall  storage  and  bandwidth  costs  for  companies.  higher  asset  management  maturity  through  edge  analytics  assures  that  uptime,  asset  longevity,  cost  control,  safety,  and  quality  meet  the  production  objectives  set  by  the  csuite  executive  team.  increasing  numbers  of  manufacturing  companies  are  moving  toward
__label__assetoperationsoptimization digital  services  adoption.  and  the  iiot  represents  a  vital  link  to  a  productcentric  ecosystem  of  connected  customers,  connected  supply  chains,  and  smart  manufacturing.  these  organizations  are  also  relying  on  the  iiot  to  raise  the  levels  of  asset  management  to  new  heights.  technology  innovations  related  to  sensors,  networking,  and  software  are  making  possible  realtime,  datarich  insights  across  a  diverse  ecosystem  in  which  mobilebased  operations  teams  can  respond  instantly.  while  companies  do  encounter  implementation  challenges,  the  potential  returns  from  bettermanaged  assets  are  too  impressive  to  dismiss.  as  manufacturing  organizations  adopt  the  iiot  along  with  edge  analytics,  theyre  gaining  highly  mature  processes  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization predictive  and  prescriptive  maintenance.  cognizant:  ,  august  2015  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely
__label__assetoperationsoptimization skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  any  business  dealing  with  capitalintensive  assets,  maintaining  machines  and  equipment  is  a  continuous  battle.  from  damaged  equipment  and  undetected  malfunctions  to  total  machine  failure  that  leads  to  unexpected  and  costly  downtime,  knowing  how  to  futureproof  your  assets  is  a  challenge.  if  your  strategy  is  to  only  fix  when  something  breaks,  youre  in  a  reactive  mode,  which  often  costs  more  and  leads  to  extended,  unplanned  downtime,  ultimately  impacting  your  bottom  line.  instead,  what  if  you  could  know  ahead  of  time  when  an  asset  will  fail,  and  you  could  monitor  your  assets  health  over  time  to  determine  the  ideal  frequency  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization maintenance?  its  possible  with  predictive  maintenance.  predictive  maintenance  has  emerged  as  a  gamechanging  solution  for  asset  management.  according  to  a  report  by  techsci  research,  the  global  predictive  maintenance  market  is  projected  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  31  between  2017  and  2022  .  today,  we  see  companies  across  various  industries,  such  as  energy  and  utilities,  manufacturing,  transportation  and  healthcare,  adopt  predictive  maintenance  solutions.  this  solution  involves  using  data  to  identify  warning  signs,  predict  maintenance  requirements  on  equipment  and  preemptively  service  that  equipment  at  optimal  times  before  problems  occur.  by  connecting  your  assets  with  iot  sensors  and  analyzing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  realtime  data  with  advanced  analytics,  such  as  machine  learning,  the  insights  give  you  a  full  picture  of  asset  health,  and  help  you  anticipate  maintenance  so  as  to  avoid  unplanned  downtime.  in  many  ways,  a  companys  greatest  asset  could  be  the  advanced  technology  that  keeps  their  capitalintensive  machines  and  equipment  running  at  an  optimal  level.  a  deloitte  study  found  that  predictive  maintenance  solutions  can:  increase  equipment  uptime  by  10  to  20  increase  productivity  by  25  reduce  breakdowns  by  70  reduce  maintenance  costs  by  5  to  10  reduce  maintenance  planning  time  by  20  to  50  implementing  predictive  capabilities  will  represent  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization significant  competitive  advantage  for  organizations  with  capitalintensive  assets  and  put  you  at  the  leading  edge  of  where  technology  is  headed.  today,  were  starting  to  see  the  increased  adoption  and  exponential  growth  of  iot  that  was  forecasted.  however,  unlocking  the  potential  iot  has  to  offer  for  predictive  maintenance  doesnt  have  to  be  difficult.  it  starts  by  building  on  the  infrastructure  you  have  in  place  today  and  incorporating  the  right  technology  so  that  you  can  use  your  data,  deliver  better  insights  and  take  action.  take  a  wind  farm  as  an  example.  if  the  wind  farm  has  50  wind  turbines  and  hundreds  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization sensors  firing,  getting  to  the  data  that  matters  to  make  informed  decisions  is  essential  to  improving  the  environment.  any  unplanned  maintenance  or  downtime  will  be  both  costly  and  inefficient.  in  fact,  the  ability  to  identify  underperforming  wind  turbines  is  critical  to  managing  turbine  operating  costs  and  enabling  comprehensive  and  targeted  blade  inspections.  with  an  iotenabled  predictive  maintenance  solution,  a  wind  farm  can  proactively  schedule  turbine  service  and  avoid  potential  failures,  while  optimizing  performance  and  efficiencies  across  the  entire  farm.  1.  ingesting  and  organizing  data  from  a  variety  of  systems  and  sensors,  such  as  wind  turbine  telemetry  and  local  weather  stations.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 2.  analyzing  the  data  for  issues  and  anomalies  using  predictive  models.  this  includes  training  the  predictive  model  with  historical  data  to  identify  what  normal  turbine  behaviour  looks  like  to  get  a  performance  baseline,  then  comparing  each  individual  turbines  performance  to  it.  3.  visualizing  key  data  and  findings  for  further  analysis  and  decisionmaking  on  a  dashboard.  this  includes  realtime  insight  into  what  turbines  require  maintenance,  why  and  when.  the  result?  implementing  predictive  capabilities  into  a  wind  farms  operating  model  means  the  business  can  focus  their  technicians  on  the  observations  that  really  matter,  understand  root  causes  of  problems  better,  and  dedicate  their
__label__assetoperationsoptimization time  to  the  blades  that  require  the  most  maintenance.  microsoft  azure  is  making  predictive  solutions  and  machine  learning  more  attainable  for  businesses.  the  solution  described  above  is  built  on  the  microsoft  azure  platform  to  create  a  predictive  maintenance  engine  that  uses  azure  data  factory  to  coordinate  data,  azure  databricks  for  predictive  modelling,  azure  data  lake  store  as  the  central  data  repository,  and  power  bi  for  data  visualization,  to  name  a  few  of  the  microsoft  technologies  deployed.  you  can  get  started  quickly  on  successfully  deploying  a  predictive  maintenance  solution  to  achieve  high  asset  utilization  and  increase  roi  for  your  capitalintensive  assets.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 1.  understand  the  business  opportunity  and  the  outcome  youd  like  to  achieve  through  predictive  maintenance.  2.  start  with  a  discovery  phase  to  assess  the  data  you  have  available  and  prioritize  requirements  to  ensure  that  the  solution  meets  the  unique  needs  of  your  business.  3.  get  the  right  stakeholders  engaged  to  drive  alignment  and  agree  upon  the  set  of  measures  and  kpis  needed.  t4g  has  assisted  a  variety  of  companies  with  the  planning  and  implementation  of  custom  predictive  maintenance  solutions.  and  for  wind  farm  operators,  we  have  a  proven  solution  framework  ready  to  be  configured,  that  will  deliver  the  results  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  article  was  written  and  contributed  by  sathish  sathish  ravichandran  helps  companies  implement  iot  initiatives  by  building  scalable  software  platforms  to  deploy  various  stages  of  the  data  science  process  such  as  preprocessing  and  feature  engineering  in  production.  he  also  develops  machine  learning  models  in  serverless  architecture  to  generate  realtime  predictions  and  enhance  data  processing  efficiency.  sathish  runs  the  school  of  ai,  seattle  and  holds  an  ms  from  the  university  of  washington.  most  manufacturers  today  realize  the  critical  importance  of  collecting  equipment  data  to  improve  their  operations.  from  better  understanding  machine  performance  to  finding  inconsistencies  in  the  production  line,  data  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization often  the  start  to  solving  many  manufacturing  woes.  in  addition,  the  availability  of  data  in  an  industrial  setting  opens  the  door  for  use  of  emerging  technologies  such  as  iot  and  machine  learning  which  can  deliver  nextlevel  asset  optimization.  however,  not  every  business  has  pools  of  data  to  draw  from  right  out  of  the  gate.  luckily  for  them,  there  are  ways  to  introduce  new  technologies  into  their  operations  regardless  of  the  amount  of  data  available  even  if  the  answer  is  zero.  in  fact,  there  are  varying  levels  of  machine  learning  maturity  that  can  help  manufacturers  achieve  their  asset  optimization  goals,  starting
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  rules  engines  minimal,  or  no  data  and  ending  with  deep  learning  complex,  builtout  data  sets.  lets  take  a  look  at  these  stages  in  a  little  more  detail:  manufacturers  just  starting  out  rarely  have  the  data  they  need  to  analyze  their  operations  and  leverage  machine  learning  in  a  meaningful  way  or  so  they  think.  while  they  cant  quite  jump  ahead  to  more  complex  machine  learning  systems,  such  as  deep  learning,  they  can  apply  rules  engines  to  translate  analytical  insights  into  actionable  logic.  rules  engines  pair  machine  learning  with  the  institutional  knowledge  of  subject  matter  experts  smes  to  create  logic  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization automate  actions  based  on  firsthand  insights,  making  them  a  great  fit  for  inventory  optimization.  once  an  sme  has  determined  the  desired  outcome  for  the  engine  and  written  specific  rules,  the  engine  uses  an  if  this,  then  that  function  to  execute  the  appropriate  actions  when  specific  conditions  arise.  with  iotenabled  assets,  businesses  can  integrate  data  from  their  supply  chain  to  forecast  demand  and  ensure  they  rightsize  the  quantities  of  raw  materials  on  hand.  then,  through  rulesbased  actions,  they  can  automatically  preorder  the  precise  amount  of  material  needed  for  future  production.  for  example,  a  window  manufacturer  could  use  the  iot  and  supply
__label__assetoperationsoptimization chain  data  to  forecast  the  exact  amount  of  glass  needed  for  the  window  units  it  will  produce  each  month.  this  level  of  accuracy  helps  them  avoid  ordering  too  much  inventory,  which  can  increase  the  cost  of  storage,  and  ordering  too  little  inventory,  which  can  result  in  production  holdups.  another  example  might  be  an  led  lamp  manufacturer:  they  need  to  have  led  chips,  epoxy  resin,  wire  and  more.  with  too  little  wire,  they  wont  be  able  to  produce  the  number  of  lamps  they  need  to  meet  customer  demand.  yet,  with  too  much  wire,  they  will  need  to  warehouse  the  surplus  amount
__label__assetoperationsoptimization until  they  need  it.  after  several  months,  manufacturers  will  have  collected  enough  data  to  progress  beyond  rules  engines  to  something  much  more  scalable:  machine  learning.  this  method  of  data  analysis  allows  software  applications  to  become  more  accurate  in  predicting  outcomes  without  being  explicitly  programmed.  through  machine  learning,  manufacturers  can  more  easily  achieve  their  yield  optimization  goals.  but  first,  they  must  establish  a  welldefined  problem  to  solve  and  ensure  they  have  relevant  historical  data  sets  which  is  why  this  stage  occurs  after  theyve  collected  more  data,  so  the  machine  can  compare  new  data  to  the  old  data  and  arrive  at  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization solution.  businesses  use  machine  learning  to  analyze  a  combination  of  onsite  sensor  data  from  equipment  and  external  and  historical  data  to  forecast  the  maximum  number  of  products  they  can  produce  while  still  ensuring  output  quality  remains  high.  for  example,  a  manufacturer  of  electric  bicycles  might  leverage  iot  data  to  determine  the  productivity  of  machines,  while  also  turning  to  external  data  to  determine  the  popularity  of  models,  and  as  a  result,  the  demand  of  each  bicycle.  with  this  information,  the  manufacturer  could  produce  the  number  and  type  of  bicycles  required  to  meet  customer  demands  without  over  producing  any  of  the  models
__label__assetoperationsoptimization across  its  lines.  finally,  manufacturers  that  have  been  collecting  data  for  years  and  have  a  mature  enough  data  set  can  layer  deep  learning  into  their  operations  for  more  insight  and  achievements  like  optimized  quality.  deep  learning  is  a  machine  learning  technique  that  businesses  use  to  teach  artificial  neural  networks  to  learn  by  example.  in  deep  learning,  a  computer  model  learns  to  perform  tasks  directly  from  images,  text,  or  sound,  with  the  aim  of  exceeding  humanlevel  accuracy.  businesses  can  use  deep  learning  to  detect  imperfections  in  their  operations.  by  training  neural  networks  to  recognize  the  difference  between  unblemished  and  defective  images,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization they  can  become  aware  of  even  the  most  minor  imperfections  that  would  otherwise  be  missed  by  the  human  eye.  for  example,  a  wine  bottling  operator  might  teach  the  system  what  a  perfect  wine  bottle  looks  like,  so  that  it  can  detect  anomalies  that  dont  match  the  spec,  such  as  the  label  falling  ever  so  slightly  outside  the  approved  label  area.  once  flagged,  production  managers  can  decide  if  it  the  imperfect  bottle  is  okay  to  process  and  ship  to  customers.  in  another  example,  a  car  manufacturer  may  require  holes  placed  two  and  a  half  centimeters  from  the  edge  of  a  car
__label__assetoperationsoptimization door.  if  these  holes  are  misplaced,  additional  door  components  will  be  affected  down  the  assembly  line,  such  as  the  screw  that  will  be  drilled  in.  if  the  machine  is  trained  to  distinguish  what  a  perfect  car  door  looks  like,  then  it  can  detect  anomalies  in  production.  over  time,  these  businesses  can  begin  to  identify  and  analyze  error  patterns  to  make  improvements  upstream  and  create  a  more  consistent  product.  there  is  no  more  avoiding  it:  data  has  become  essential  to  optimizing  manufacturing  processes  and  staying  competitive.  while  the  argument  i  dont  have  enough  data  to  utilize  these  new  technologies  may  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization been  suitable  in  the  past,  it  is  no  longer  a  valid  response  with  the  various  levels  of  adoption  available.  instead  of  accepting  the  costs  of  underperforming  assets,  manufacturers  can  leverage  the  data  they  do  have  no  matter  how  little  or  how  much,  along  with  iot  and  machine  learning,  to  identify  the  characteristics  of  machines  operating  at  peak  efficiency.  they  can  then  apply  those  traits  to  subpar  equipment  for  lower  total  cost  of  ownership  and  better  return  on  assets.  recommended  for  you  manufacturing  101  copyright  2019  engineering.com,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  registration  on  or  use  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  page  you  are  looking  for  may  have  been  removed  as  part  of  our  regular  site  maintenance,  had  its  name  changed,  or  is  temporarily  unavailable.  we  invited  you  to  browse  other  content  on  the  .  if  you  feel  you  have  reached  this  page  due  to  an  error,  try  the  following:  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  subscribe  to  our  newsletters
__label__assetoperationsoptimization optimizing  assets:  using  ai  to  rethink  maintenance  and  repair  realtime  data  generated  by  things  is  changing  how  we  do  asset  maintenance,  repair  and  operations  strategies.  innovation  in  both  enabling  technologies  and  data  access  is  causing  leaders  in  assetintensive  industries  to  rethink  how  they  address  downtimeand  smart  companies  are  thinking  differently,  creating  a  more  predictive  environment  and  more  situationally  aware  assets.  no  longer  are  they  relying  on  calendar  or  even  usagebased  strategies  to  optimize  assets.  instead,  they  are  shifting  management  strategies  with  assets  that  understand  the  context  of  their  usage.  this  leads  to  more  predictive  maintenance  and  prescriptive  repair  based  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  set  of  aipowered  software  tools  and  applications.  join  mit  technology  review  insights  and  ibm  as  we  discuss  this  shifting  landscape  and  learn  how  companies  like  yours  can  improve  your  asset  optimization  by  joining  the  connected  revolution.  additional  content  speakers  vice  president  of  offering  management,  ibm  watson  iot  stephan  biller  is  the  vice  president  for  offering  management  at  ibm  watson  iot.  he  is  responsible  for  all  operations  product  strategy  and  offerings  helping  clients  to  drive  operational  excellence  from  factories  and  supply  chains  to  the  operations  of  oil  fields  and  power  plants.  his  major  product  lines  include  ibm  maximo,  tririga,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization industrie  4.0  analytics.  he  is  a  recognized  thought  leader  in  industrie  4.0,  digital  twin,  and  ai  for  manufacturing.  prior  to  joining  ibm  in  2017,  he  served  as  the  chief  manufacturing  scientist  manufacturing  technology  leader  for  general  electric  creating  ges  brilliant  factory  initiative  as  well  as  its  additive  manufacturing  software  strategy.  earlier  positions  include  general  motors  fellow  global  group  manager  for  manufacturing  systems.  stephan  holds  a  ph.d.  in  industrial  engineering  and  management  sciences  from  northwestern  university,  along  with  an  m.b.a.  in  finance  and  strategy  from  the  university  of  michigan.  ibm  fellow,  internet  of  things  john  cohn  is  an  ibm  fellow  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  ibm  watson  internet  of  things  division.  he  is  the  chief  scientist  for  the  worldwide  watson  iot  headquarters  in  munich.  john  earned  a  bsee  mit,  and  a  ph.d  in  computer  engineering  from  carnegie  mellon  university  he  has  authored  more  than  30  technical  papers,  contributed  to  four  books  and  has  more  than  115  issued  patents.  in  2005  john  was  elected  a  fellow  of  the  ieee.  john  is  active  in  education  issues  at  a  local,  state  and  national  level.  .  he  is  so  passionate  about  promoting  stem  careers  that  he  spent  59  days  living  and  inventing  in  an  abandoned  steel  mill  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization part  of  discovery  channels  technical  survival  show  the  colony.  john  lives  with  his  family  in  a  restored  19th  century  schoolhouse  in  jonesville  vermont  and  is  eager  to  share  his  love  of  science  and  technology  with  anyone  who  will  listen.  vice  president  of  offering  management,  ibm  watson  iot  heather  preu  is  a  global  sales  leader  with  over  20  years  experience  in  the  technology  industry.  heathers  broad  background  includes  working  with  large  global  clients  to  improve  their  bottom  line  by  implementing  systems  and  processes  that  allow  them  to  gain  better  visibility  to  data  while  at  the  same  time  providing  more  powerful  tools
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  help  analyze  the  information.  she  is  passionate  about  delivering  the  highest  levels  of  customer  satisfaction  by  building  programs  that  are  scalable  and  repeatable  to  ensure  consistency  and  a  successful  customer  experience.  heather  is  currently  the  ww  vp  of  connected  operations  watson  internet  of  things.  responsible  for  driving  growth  and  enablement  across  the  portfolio  which  includes  maximo,  tririga,  and  iot  solutions  for  manufacturing,  eu  and  buildings  at  a  global  level  by  helping  clients  unlock  value  with  new  insights  through  adoption  of  our  cognitive  solutions  and  platform.  she  is  responsible  for  a  worldwide  team  of  business  development  leaders,  sales  professionals  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization technical  subject  matter  experts.  follow  heather  at:  twitter  heatherpreu  linkedin  follow  us  the  mission  of  mit  technology  review  is  to  bring  about  betterinformed  and  more  conscious  decisions  about  technology  through  authoritative,  influential,  and  trustworthy  journalism.  browse  international  editions
__label__assetoperationsoptimization asset  utilization/  optimization  is  one  of  the  few  nowterm,  horizontal,  killer  applications  in  the  internet  of  things.  iotenabled  asset  utilization/  optimization  will  instrument  physical  assets  that  have  been  heretofore  dark,  anonymous  and  subsequently  suboptimal  in  their  application.  this  illumination  will,  along  with  evidence  of  its  roi,  energize  many  executives  to  invest  in  these  capabilities.  operators  of  assets  with  cost  and  performance  pressures  related  to,  or  rooted  in,  suboptimal  asset  utilization  will  see  asset  availability  go  up.  and  if  they  are  good  marketers,  operating  in  healthy  markets,  they  will  see  their  revenue  and  margin  increase  as  well.  the  examples  are  everywhere:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization builders  of  assets  with  differentiation  and  growth  pressures  related  to,  or  rooted  in,  the  value  their  products  create  or  enable  for  customers,  will  see  a  powerful,  marketable  capability.  they  will  enable  their  customers  to  do  more  with  less.  and  they,  their  customers  and  prospects  will  see  the  value  proposition  of  iotenabled  products  lower  cost  of  ownership,  higher  uptime,  greater  revenue  and  margin  potential.  and  all  that  will  resonate  with  prospects,  and  the  asset  oems  will  sell  more.  in  every  market.  there  is  significant  resistance  to  iotenabled  solutions  in  a  number  of  markets  because  a  number  of  stakeholders  with  interests  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  assets  that  we  are  proposing  to  instrument,  connect  and  optimize,  are  not  prepared  to  compete  in  markets  where  inefficiencies  are  thinner  and  fewer.  this  is  in  part  because  they  are  thinking  only  in  terms  of  existing  customers,  traditional  markets,  static  definitions  of  value.  some  companies  will  die  when  we  instrument  the  physical  world,  connect  these  assets,  enhance  their  optimization.  their  death  will  be  due  to  a  lack  of  the  key  elements  needed  to  sustain  their  business  in  the  iotenabled  world  authentic  domain  expertise,  deep  subject  matter  knowledge,  relevant  operating  experience,  and  the  capability  to  work  through  change  in  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization meaningful  way  with  new  sources  of  information,  intelligence  and  ideas.  but  it  doesnt  have  to  be  so  scary.  connecting  machines  is  no  panacea.  no  guarantee.  no  insurance  policy.  asset  builders/  oems  and  asset  owners/  operators  need  to  be  intelligent  and  intentional  in  their  industrial  internet  strategies.  and  they  need  the  right  partners.  its  not  enough  to  connect  machines.  asset  builders/oems  and  asset  owners/operators  need  to  connect  people.  they  need  partners  with  the  domain  expertise,  knowledge,  and  experience  to  help  them  realize  the  promise  and  potential  of  the  internet  of  things.  for  companies  competing  in  a  connected  world,  its  a  matter
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  life  and  death.  to  explore  more  of  chris  rezendes  deep  thoughts  on  the  industrial  internet,  view  his  talk  at  tedxsandiego  2013.  subscribe  to  our  blogs,  and  always  see  the  latest  posts.  our  ge  intelligent  platforms  blog  contributors  are  instrumental  in  leading  the  conversation  by  providing  insight  into  helping  you  solve  your  operations  challenges  and  getting  to  market  more  quickly  with  a  competitive  advantage.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 06.08.2019  the  internet  of  things  is  actually  a  pretty  simple  concept.  it  means  taking  all  the  physical  places  and  things  in  the  world  and  connecting  them  to  the  internet  leverage,  iot  101.  an  introduction  to  the  internet  of  things,  2018  in  the  simplest  of  terms,  .  the  internet  is  a  great  resource  to  store  and  transmit  information,  and  by  embracing  iot,  the  potential  for  automation  and  digitalization  is  nearly  endless.  when  everyday  objects  are  equipped  with  the  ability  to  send  and  receive  information  online,  they  become  much  more  than  blind,  deaf  boxes.  not  only  objects,  but  also  processes  and  whole
__label__assetoperationsoptimization environments  can  be  part  of  an  integrated  flux  of  information.  as  we  have  adjusted  to  the  evolution  from  the  first  portable  phones,  which  were  only  able  to  perform  one  or  two  main  functions,  to  todays  smartphones,  imagine  what  the  world  will  look  like  when  we  are  able  to  experience  the  same  transformation  for  other  everyday  objects  and  processes.  data  collection  is  not  where  the  potential  of  iot  stops.  .  this  can  be  applied  both  to  consumer  and  industry  solutions,  and  the  growth  is  expected  to  reach  outstanding  levels  in  the  upcoming  years.  ishs  report,  iot  trend  watch  2018,  describes  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization world  with  .  what  does  this  mean  in  practice?  as  iot  becomes  more  and  more  the  norm,  we  are  growing  comfortable  with  the  idea  of  smart  homes,  smart  cars,  integrated  environments  that  can  receive  information  in  realtime,  learn  from  it,  and  act  based  on  that  information  to  eliminate  frustration  and  save  us  time,  energy,  and  money.  when  we  scale  up  this  approach,  the  benefits  become  even  more  obvious.  nowadays,  many  companies  have  adopted  automated  asset  management,  and  dont  rely  anymore  on  physical  counting  in  the  form  of  excel  spreadsheets.  however,  iot  can  bring  asset  management  one  step  further,  by  making
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems  smart  in  addition  to  being  automated.  for  example,  what  if  you  not  only  knew  the  exact  location  and  state  of  each  one  of  your  assets  but  could  also  optimize  safety  checks,  maintenance  and  repair  operations,  and  preventive  routine  checkups?  even  if  you  are  still  debating  whether  or  not  digitalization  is  the  right  step  for  your  business,  you  can  acknowledge  the  potential  benefits  of  an  inventory  that  assesses  and  selfcorrects.  iotpowered  asset  management  empowers  businesses  to  optimize  their  resources,  reduce  risks,  and  leverage  realtime  information  for  increased  efficiency  and  a  more  effective  sales  cycle.  it  is  not  surprising  that  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization companies  who  would  benefit  the  most  from  adopting  iot  operate  in  sectors  that  are  traditionally  assetintensive.  for  logistics,  retail,  manufacturing,  equipment  rental,  the  benefits  of  realtime  visibility  and  asset  tracking  are  selfexplanatory,  as  inventory  inefficiency  can  be  extremely  costly.  in  fact,  a  2019  forrester  consulting  survey  focusing  on  companies  that  have  already  embraced  digitalization,  found  that  92  of  enterprises  show  high  interest  in  a  platform  to  unify  data  collected  by  and  used  across  intelligent  technologies  and  business  processes1  this  is  what  does.  if  you  are  working  with  any  moving  assets,  radea  can  deliver  realtime  inventory  and  asset  tracking  information.  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization introduce  you  to  the  benefits  of  radea,  we  collected  some  frequently  asked  questions  for  your  information.  .  it  can  be  integrated  into  existing  systems  and  will  manage  your  assets  through  the  whole  lifecycle,  providing  you  with  business  intelligence  that  can  help  you  optimize  your  sales  cycle,  cut  costs,  and  reach  your  business  goals.  .  it  is  a  cloud  solution,  so  you  can  access  it  anywhere  anytime  and  it  can  help  you  achieve  100  inventory  accuracy.  eliminate  out  of  stock  and  overstock  and  learn  in  realtime  where  are  your  assets  at  any  given  time,  what  is  selling  and  what  isnt,  how
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fast  is  your  sales  cycle,  when  some  of  your  items  require  maintenance,  and  much  more.  leverage  the  benefits  of  a  digital  inventory  powered  by  iot  technology  for  realtime  information  and  increased  inventory  efficiency.  this  means  reducing  human  error,  improving  safety,  and  achieving  inventory  efficiency.  no  costly  discoveries  at  the  end  of  the  year  that  you  are  missing  a  large  part  of  your  inventory  and  dont  know  where  it  is.  you  can  also  free  your  staffs  time  by  eliminating  menial,  repetitive  tasks  and  allowing  them  to  focus  on  your  customers  instead.  if  you  have  a  complete  overview  of  your  inventory,  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  change  your  sales  strategy  much  faster  to  accommodate  consumers  patterns.  you  can  move  fastselling  items  to  the  right  location,  discover  much  faster  what  is  selling  and  what  isnt,  only  keep  in  stock  what  you  need,  and  always  give  the  consumers  what  they  need  at  the  right  moment.  ever  found  a  solution  that  seems  good  but  cannot  be  adjusted  to  your  specific  needs?  radea  can  be  customized  to  only  include  what  you  need  and  respond  to  your  specific  business  circumstances.  the  need  for  digitalization  and  automation  is  only  going  to  become  more  pressing.  realtime  inventory  management  can  help  you  implement
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  sustainable  and  transparent  supply  chain,  reduce  waste,  and  increase  your  profits  in  a  constantly  changing  retail  and  industrial  environment.  or  download  our  .  .  sources  1  a  forrester  consulting  thought  leadership  paper  commissioned  by  sap,  january  2019.  leaders  place  innovation  at  the  heart  of  digital  transformation  .  12.09.2019  28.08.2019  06.08.2019  facebook  twitter  linkedin  salo  iot  campus  joensuunkatu  7  fi  24100  salo  finland  tel.  358  2  727  7700  infonordicid.com  copyright  2019  nordic  id  oyj.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  upon  us  and  it  is  already  transforming  the  entire  industrial  landscape  as  we  know  it.  with  heavy  use  of  emerging  technologies  such  as  iot,  ,  bigdata  analytics,  ,  augmented  reality,  robotics  and  cyberphysical  systems  cps  amongst  others,  industries  are  moving  towards  creating  a  more  collaborative  environment  that  facilitates  greater  exchange  of  data,  reduced  costs  and  increased  productivity,  also  known  as  industrial  iot  or  iiot.  manufacturing  industries  all  over  the  globe  are  the  leading  investors  in  iiot  making  use  of  industrial  sensors,  beacons,  advanced  rfid  tags,  instore  analysis,  and  connected  manufacturing  machines  even  robotics  to  collect  and  analyze  data  from
__label__assetoperationsoptimization various  data  points  to  optimize  a  myriad  of  manufacturing  processes  and  operations  such  as  product  lifecycle  management  plm,  enterprise  resource  planning  erp.  manufacturing  execution  systems  mes,  and  supply  chain  management  scm.  and  of  all  the  business  that  chose  to  implement  iot  within  their  systems,  have  already  seen  a  healthy  return  on  their  investments.  so,  youd  think  with  a  return  that  good,  many  businesses  would  be  making  some  or  the  other  use  of  iot  for  better  management  of  their  operations.  thats  where  youre  wrong.  which  should  not  be  the  case.  with  a  return  that  good,  you  should  jump  on  the  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization bandwagon  as  soon  as  you  can  and  make  use  of  this  impressive  technology  to  reach  the  full  potential  of  your  business  and  scale  it  to  new  heights.  proactive  asset  management  comprehensive  iot  solutions  can  help  organizations  keep  a  track  of  the  health,  location,  and  efficiency  of  all  their  assets.  assets  can  include  everything  from  handheld  devices,  raw  materials  to  large  industrial  equipment.  with  the  help  of  smart  sensors  that  convey  realtime  data  about  the  location,  performance  and  overall  condition  of  your  assets,  you  can  eradicate  downtime  by  implementing  predictive  maintenance  of  your  assets  in  critical  condition  and  save  yourself  from
__label__assetoperationsoptimization huge  losses.  mining  industries,  for  example,  are  using  smart  sensors  in  their  mining  sites  to  keep  a  check  on  the  air  surrounding  the  area.  if  there  are  harmful  gases  present  in  the  air  of  a  mining  site,  smart  sensors  can  detect  that  and  convey  the  information  to  site  managers  so  that  they  can  halt  processes  and  protect  the  wellbeing  of  their  workers.  the  heavy  equipment  used  in  the  mining  sector  can  also  be  studded  with  many  iot  sensors  to  optimize  how  they  are  being  used  and  deployed  to  help  maximize  return  on  investment,  increase  efficiency  and  reduce  costs.  another  use
__label__assetoperationsoptimization case  of  asset  tracking  and  management  with  the  help  of  iot  can  be  witnessed  in  the  maritime  shipping  industry.  iot  sensors  are  placed  on  ships  to  track  their  exact  location  throughout  their  journey.  and  on  a  more  granular  level,  each  container  carried  by  these  ships  are  also  iot  enabled  to  make  sure  the  containers  are  shipped  in  the  right  environmental  conditions  to  ensure  the  goods  inside  these  containers  are  not  harmed  in  any  way.  inventory  management  all  your  inventory  can  be  tracked  and  traced  globally  with  the  help  of  smart  iot  devices  on  a  granular  level.  executives  can  have  access
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  realtime  data  about  the  available  material,  workinprogress  and  estimated  arrival  time  of  new  materials.  ultimately,  this  helps  managers  manage  demand  and  optimize  supply  accordingly  and  reduce  shared  costs  in  the  value  chain.  perhaps,  the  biggest  example  of  a  company  using  iot  to  better  manage  its  inventory  is  amazon.  amazon  currently  manages  more  than  500  million  stock  keeping  units  skus  and  operates  more  than  490  fulfillment  centers  and  hubs  all  around  the  globe.  amazon  employees  used  to  manually  walkthrough  these  massive  fulfillment  centers  picking  their  products.  but  all  of  that  changed  when  amazon  kiva  systems  in  2012,  which  is  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization company  that  manufactures  iot  enabled  robots.  since  these  robots  have  all  the  data  about  where  a  specific  product  is  in  their  massive  inventory,  it  enables  them  to  do  all  the  legwork  with  unparalleled  efficiency  and  helps  them  cut  down  redundant  operational  costs.  by  making  use  of  these  kiva  robots  in  just  13  of  their  fulfillment  centers,  amazon  reportedly  saves  around  20  million  yearly  on  each  of  them.  which,  apparently  is  a  lot.  strict  quality  control  by  placing  iot  sensors  on  your  products  or  its  manufacturing  units,  you  can  collect  aggregated  product  data  and  other  vital  data  from  various  stages  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  product  cycle.  iot  sensors  can  detect  substandard  raw  materials  used  in  the  making  of  the  product,  transportation  impact  on  the  product,  wastes,  effects  of  environmental  factors  on  the  product.  by  keeping  the  deviations  in  check,  iot  systems  can  help  managers  keep  strict  quality  control  on  their  products  and  optimize  costs.  harley  davidson,  for  example,  amongst  a  myriad  of  iot  sensors  placed  in  the  manufacturing  units  of  their  plant  in  york,  pennsylvania,  has  placed  smart  iot  sensors  in  their  paint  booth  to  keep  a  check  on  its  heat  and  humidity  levels.  if  the  heat  and  humidity  level  of  their  paint
__label__assetoperationsoptimization booth  fluctuates  from  the  set  standard,  the  iot  sensors  automatically  detect  it  and  adjust  the  speed  of  fans  accordingly  to  make  sure  the  right  environmental  conditions  are  maintained  for  a  superior  paint  job  the  company  is  renowned  for.  product  packaging  optimization  by  placing  iot  sensors  on  the  packaging  of  the  product,  manufacturers  can  gain  insights  into  various  environmental  and  handling  effects  on  the  product  and  if  it  has  been  tampered  with  during  transit.  using  this  insight,  managers  can  decide  upon  if  the  packaging  needs  to  be  changed  for  the  product  in  order  to  make  sure  it  is  not  compromised  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization any  way  when  it  ultimately  reaches  to  the  customer.  or  if  the  product  or  its  packaging  needs  to  be  completely  reengineered  from  the  ground  up  for  attaining  better  performance,  saving  costs  or  to  provide  a  better  customer  experience  throughout  the  product  journey.  it  works  in  tandem  with  qr  codes  and  other  triggers  and  can  pull  up  images,  videos,  and  tutorials  about  any  relevant  information  that  can  help  the  customer  use  the  product  better.  using  these  labels,  realtime  coupons  and  discounts  as  well  which  is  great  for  delivering  great  customer  experiences.  other  than  that,  smarter  product  packaging  solutions  can  also  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization studded  with  tracking  logs  and  microchips  to  ensure  authenticity  and  many  big  companies  like  luis  vuitton,  mk,  chanel  and  levis  are  already  making  use  of  this  technology  to  fight  counterfeit  issues,  protect  their  customers  and  their  brands  reputation.  supply  chain  management  industrial  internet  of  things  provides  access  to  the  supply  chain  in  realtime  by  tracking  materials,  equipment  or  products  as  they  move  through  the  supply  chain.  by  connecting  plants  to  suppliers  using  iot,  all  the  concerned  parties  in  the  supply  chain  can  track  and  trace  dependencies,  material  flow  and  manufacturing  cycle  times  to  potentially  reduce  wait  times  and  fulfill  other
__label__assetoperationsoptimization capital  requirements.  with  the  help  of  smart  iot  devices,  reporting  of  the  entire  supplychain  helps  manufacturers  to  collect  and  feed  important  delivery  information  to  erp,  plm  and  other  vital  systems.  it  also  helps  manufacturers  to  figure  out  and  rectify  critical  issues  in  the  supply  chain  and  improve  its  efficiency  marginally.  vibhu  satpaul  is  the  cofounder  and  cxo  at  saffron  edge.  a  graduate  from  london  school  of  economics  in  information  systems  softwares,  vibhu  specializes  in  marketing  and  technology  solutions  that  helps  improve  efficiency  and  value  creation  for  businesses
__label__assetoperationsoptimization able  to  apply  asset  optimization  knowledge  when  delivering  ibm  services  using  ibm  assets,  methods  and  engagement  practices.  the  asset  optimization  area  focuses  on  internet  of  things,  emerging  technologies  and  cognitive  machine  learning  to  deliver  real  time  actionable  insights  around  assets.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  using  our  website,  you  agree  to  our  use  of  .  for  businesses  around  the  world,  reducing  energy  costs  while  increasing  energy  efficiency  is  constantly  at  the  top  of  the  agenda.  at  centrica  business  solutions,  we  are  focused  on  showing  our  customers  how  they  can  achieve  this  by  providing  them  with  the  energy  solutions  and  knowledge  to  make  it  happen.  by  harnessing  your  business  ability  to  be  flexible,  by  making  better  use  of  automation,  and  by  embracing  the  virtual  power  plant,  you  can  ensure  your  business  energy  needs  are  not  only  catered  for,  but  that  all  aspects  of  your  operations
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  as  efficient  as  possible.  learn  more  about  our  energy  solutions  that  can  help  your  business  transform  its  approach  to  energy  optimization.  monitor  energy  use  across  all  your  equipment  and  devices  and  use  the  granular  insight  to  reduce  waste,  save  cost  and  improve  your  operational  efficiency.  generate  revenue  by  reducing  your  energy  use  at  peak  times  with  intelligent  technology  that  helps  you  balance  supply  and  demand  and  manage  consumption.  save  energy  over  the  longterm  and  improve  operational  efficiency.  well  audit  your  estate  and  use  the  intelligence  to  form  a  comprehensive  energy  saving  plan.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization across  the  world,  experts  in  multiple  industries  seem  to  agree  on  one  core  assessment:  we  are  only  at  the  beginning  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  revolution.  consider  the  scale  of  future  impact.  over  the  next  five  years,  humans  will  more  than  triple  the  number  of  things  connected  to  the  internet,  growing  them  from  15  billion  today  to  .  still,  50  billion  represents  only  a  tiny  fraction  of  what  could  be  connected  something  on  the  order  of  3  of  all  connectable  things.  the  sizzling  pace  of  innovation  in  recent  years  particularly  the  proliferation  of  embedded  sensor  technology,  wearables,  and  apps
__label__assetoperationsoptimization has  already  caused  incredible  change,  and  in  just  a  few  short  years.  what  will  the  supply  chain  world  look  like  when  not  1  of  things,  nor  3  of  things,  but  30  of  things  are  connected?  a  series  of  recent  indepth  studies  have  concluded  that  iot,  by  itself,  could  of  new  worldwide  revenues  over  the  next  decade.  as  the  birthplace  of  data,  iot  devices  and  the  subsequent  data  supply  chains  theyre  connected  to  are  ground  zero  for  conversations  about  data  ethics,steven  tiell,  a  senior  principal  at  accentures  technology  vision  digital  trust  practice,  told  supply  chain  dive.  this  will  come  from  five
__label__assetoperationsoptimization primary  drivers:  supply  chain  and  logistics  alone  are  estimated  by  cisco  to  provide  ,  which  is  a  promising  indication  of  the  untapped  potential  and  profits  to  gain  from  utilizing  iot  in  this  industry.  the  global  retail  industry  is  in  the  midst  of  what  might  be  best  understood  as  accelerated  darwinian  natural  selection,  jon  stine,  intels  global  director  of  retail  sales,  told  supply  chain  dive.  supply  chain  innovation  with  a  focus  upon  the  digitizing  of  processes,  the  used  of  advanced  analytics,  and  the  need  for  speed  will  be  a  key  factor  in  determining  whether  a  brand  survives  or  thrives.  experts  see
__label__assetoperationsoptimization optimal  conditions  for  iot  to  take  off  in  the  supply  chain  industry.  the  rise  of  mobile  computing,  consumerization  of  it  and  sensor  technologies,  5g  networks,  and  big  data  analytics  are  all  factors  pushingiot  adoption.  logistics  providers  and  their  customers  are  also  pullingadoption  by  increasingly  demanding  iotbased  solutions  such  as  optimization  of  efficiency  and  network  utilization,  detailed  shipment  tracking,  transparency  and  integrity  control.  in  the  retail  industry,  this  is  playing  out  within  the  race  for  omnichannel  expertise,  according  to  stine.  to  win  shoppers  who  expect  delivery  measured  in  minutes  not  days,  retailers  will  not  only  ship  from  store,  but  ship  oneunit
__label__assetoperationsoptimization orders  from  distribution  centers,  he  said.  when  we  connect  the  unconnected  when  we  light  up  dark  assets  vast  amounts  of  information  emerge,  along  with  potential  new  insights  and  business  value.  supply  chain  dive  ultimately,  iot  in  the  logistics  industry  comes  down  to  two  important  capabilities:  sensing  and  sensemaking.  sensingrefers  to  the  monitoring  of  different  assets  within  a  supply  chain  through  technologies  and  mediums,  while  sensemaking  is  the  handling  of  vast  amounts  of  data  sets  that  are  generated  as  a  result,  and  then  turning  this  data  into  insights  that  drive  new  solutions.  as  with  most  technology  transitions,  it  is  helpful  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization look  at  iot  in  a  broader  context  and  to  consider  some  of  the  best  practices  from  other  industries.  this  can  inform  and  inspire  the  use  of  iot  in  logistics.  optimizing  asset  utilization  to  drive  greater  operational  efficiency  is  at  the  very  heart  of  iots  value  proposition  in  the  supply  chain.  vehicles  are  among  the  assets  most  ripe  for  improved  efficiency,  especially  in  terms  of  traffic  and  fleet  management.  as  a  result,  these  assets  have  pioneered  the  technologys  use  within  supply  chains.  invehicle  telematics  and  vehicleinfrastructure  integration  have  been  vanguard  applications  in  the  use  of  sensor  data.  automotive  manufacturers  and  transportation
__label__assetoperationsoptimization operators  in  connected  vehicles.  with  iot,  traffic  and  fleet  management  applications  herald  a  new  wave  of  efficiency  gains.  fleet  management  is  also  crucial  at  the  port  of  hamburg,  the  second  busiest  port  in  europe.  its  smartportinitiative  has  raised  efficiency  and  prepared  the  port  for  additional  growth.  the  overall  goal  is  to  maintain,  modernize,  and  improve  the  hamburg  port  authoritys  it  infrastructure  to  support  efficient  operations  and  economic  development,while  minimizing  the  impact  of  traffic  on  local  citizens.  an  iotbased  approach  coordinates  all  aspects  of  harbor  operations  impacting  ship,  rail,  and  road  traffic.  using  iot  means  that  supplychain  firms  gain  clearer  visibility
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  the  movement  of  goods  foot  by  foot,  second  by  second.  supply  chain  dive  so  far,  the  hamburg  port  authority  has  installed  more  than  300  roadway  sensors  to  monitor  traffic  in  the  port  area  and  to  track  wear  on  bridges.  digital  signs  and  mobile  apps  give  drivers  traffic  and  parking  information.  sensors  also  extend  to  waterways  using  radar  and  automatic  identification  systems  to  coordinate  ship  traffic,  and  a  solution  that  integrates  roadway  traffic  data  to  help  manage  traffic  disruptions  that  may  occur  when  ship  traffic  requires  bridge  closures  around  the  port  area.  but  operational  efficiency  is  not  exclusively  about  lowering
__label__assetoperationsoptimization costs.iot  technology  has  strong  potential  to  enable  greater  environmental  sustainability.  iot  sensors  are  ideally  suited  to  tracking  all  kinds  of  resources,  including  petroleum  and  natural  gas,  electricity  and  water.  in  fact,  the  technology  promises  to  help  reduce  waste,  prevent  disasters  and  be  a  critical  component  of  the  smart  energy  grid  of  the  future.  in  so  doing,  it  is  inviting  professionals  to  investigate  other  ideal  use  cases  for  the  technology.  warehouses  have  always  served  as  a  vital  hub  in  the  flow  of  goods  within  any  supply  chain.  but  in  todays  economic  climate,  they  also  serve  as  a  key  source  of  competitive
__label__assetoperationsoptimization advantage  for  logistics  providers  who  can  deliver  fast,  costefficient,  and  increasingly  flexible  warehousing  operations  for  their  customers.  with  thousands  of  different  types  and  forms  of  goods  being  stored  in  the  average  warehouse  today,  every  square  meter  of  warehousing  space  must  be  optimally  utilized  to  ensure  specific  goods  can  be  retrieved,  processed,  and  delivered  as  fast  as  possible.  the  result  is  a  highspeed,  technologydriven  environment  that  is  ideal  for  iot  applications.  from  pallets  and  forklifts  to  the  building  infrastructure  itself,  modern  warehouses  contain  many  that  can  be  connected  and  optimized  through  iot.  iot  allows  for  these  dark  assets  in  warehouses  including
__label__assetoperationsoptimization equipment  and  pallets  to  be  lit  up,  generating  value  from  every  square  meter.consider  a  short  list  of  some  of  the  more  interesting  use  cases:  equipment  vendors  today  are  catching  on  to  the  opportunity,  and  releasing  new  products  that  can  participate  in  an  iotenabled  environment.  swisslogs  smartliftforklift  sensors  with  directional  barcodes  are  placed  on  the  ceiling  of  the  warehouse,  for  example,  with  indoor  gps  providing  accurate  location  and  direction  information.  ravas  smart  forks  incorporate  weight  scales  and  loadcenter  measurement  technology  for  pallet  trucks.  meanwhile,locoslabs  connected  workforce  offers  precise  localization  of  mobile  devices  in  indoor  environments  using  rfid  to  monitor  movements.  experts
__label__assetoperationsoptimization now  expect  that  iot  is  likely  provide  the  next  generation  of  trackandtrace:  faster,  more  accurate  and  predictive,  and  more  secure.  why  is  that  important?  consider  the  stats:  cargonet  recorded  a  total  of  in  the  u.s.  and  canada  last  year  with  organized  crime  targeting  ports  and  rest  areas.  theft  costs  shippers  and  logistics  providers  billions  of  dollars  each  year,  including  inventory  delay  impacts,  and  in  the  cost  of  stolen  goods.  using  iot  means  that  supplychain  firms  gain  clearer  visibility  on  the  movement  of  goods  foot  by  foot,  second  by  second.  this  translates  into  itemlevel  condition  monitoring,  enabling  ensure  that  goods  arrive
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  time,  at  the  right  place,  and  intact.  the  final  part  of  the  delivery  journey  the  last  mile  is  highly  dependent  on  labor.  as  consumer  demands  become  more  sophisticated  and  delivery  points  continue  to  multiply,  logistics  providers  face  new  challenges.  they  need  to  find  creative  new  solutions  for  this  important  stage  in  the  supply  chain  costeffective  solutions  that  provide  value  for  the  end  customer  and  operational  efficiency  for  the  logistics  provider.  as  the  birthplace  of  data,  iot  devices  and  the  subsequent  data  supply  chains  theyre  connected  to  are  ground  zero  for  conversations  about  data  ethics.  steven  tiell  senior  principal,  technology
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vision  digital  trust,  accenture  iotpowered  logistics  requires  strong  collaboration,  high  levels  of  participation  between  different  players  and  competitors  within  the  supply  chain,  and  a  common  willingness  to  invest.  as  iotevolves  to  reach  its  full  potential,iotsolution  providers  must  address  the  legitimate  concerns  raised  by  citizens  and  policymakers  about  privacy  and  control  of  personal  information.  five  ingredients  have  been  embraced  by  startups  pushing  forward  with  the  build  out  of  the  use  cases,  according  to  an  analysis  by  supply  chain  dive:  however,  important  questions  remain  about  the  future  of  iot,  particularly  in  3  realms:  ,  ,  and  .  when  we  connect  the  unconnected
__label__assetoperationsoptimization when  we  light  up  dark  assets  vast  amounts  of  information  emerge,  along  with  potential  new  insights  and  business  value.  get  supply  chain  news  like  this  in  your  inbox  daily.  subscribe  to  supply  chain  dive:  topics  covered:  logistics,  freight,  operations,  procurement,  regulation,  technology,  risk/resilience  and  more.  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  .  you  can  opt  out  anytime.  subscribe  to  to  get  the  mustread  news  insights  in  your  inbox.  topics  covered:  logistics,  freight,  operations,  procurement,  regulation,  technology,  risk/resilience  and  more.  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  .  you  can  opt  out  anytime.  the  free  newsletter  covering  the  top  industry
__label__assetoperationsoptimization headlines  topics  covered:  logistics,  freight,  operations,  procurement,  regulation,  technology,  risk/resilience  and  more.  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  .  you  can  opt  out  anytime.  the  free  newsletter  covering  the  top  industry  headlines  topics  covered:  logistics,  freight,  operations,  procurement,  regulation,  technology,  risk/resilience  and  more.  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  .  you  can  opt  out  anytime.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 1914  292  0220  how  do  we  optimize  asset  maintenance  to  prevent  failure  of  assets?  this  is  a  question  that  looms  large  on  assetintensive  and  fieldforce  driven  enterprises.  utilities  being  no  exception,  as  they  face  tremendous  pressure  due  to  aging  assets  workforce,  intelligent  devices  and  humungous  amounts  of  data.  therefore,  utilities  continuously  seek  for  efficient  and  effective  ways  to  monitor  and  maintain  their  critical  assets.  survey  indicates  that  58  of  utilities  want  a  mechanism  for  asset  maintenance  in  all  phases,  starting  from  installation  to  decommissioning  of  the  asset.  making  a  prediction  of  asset  failure  beforehand  turns  out  to  be  one  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  most  efficient  ways  to  keep  a  watch  on  the  health  of  critical  assets.  this  can  be  achieved  by  performing  predictive  analytics  on  large  amount  of  data  being  generated  by  the  utility  assets.  with  machine  learning  algorithms  and  text  mining  techniques,  utilities  can  leverage  present  and  historical  data  to  create  data  analytics  models.  thus,  can  enable  utilities  to  take  welltimed  and  fullyvetted  decisions  pertaining  to  asset  health.  lets  take  a  walk  through  the  key  benefits  that  predictive  asset  analytics  had  to  offer:  some  critical  goals  to  enhance  customer  satisfaction  include  managing  asset  risks,  avoiding  unexpected  outages,  and  maintaining  critical  assets
__label__assetoperationsoptimization before  failure  strikes.  consumers  expect  to  be  notified  about  planned  outages  well  in  advance  to  plan  their  utility  consumption.  however,  it  is  not  possible  to  notify  them  when  it  comes  to  unexpected  equipment  failure.  adding  predictive  intelligence  capabilities  to  the  existing  systems  can  help  utilities  to  control  avoid  asset  failures,  outages,  and  penalties.  therefore,  planning  prioritizing  asset  maintenance  activities  and  informing  customers  about  it  will  help  achieve  improved  customer  satisfaction.  predictive  intelligence  system  provides  an  accurate  prediction  of  failures,  events  outcomes.  this  would  help  avoid  significant  unexpected  failure  costs  including  lost  revenue,  expense  of  field  asset  in  service,  disposal  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization damaged  utility  asset,  collateral  damage  cost,  regulatory  penalty,  intangible  costs,  etc.  thus,  eliminating  the  overhead  of  unplanned  asset  maintenance  and  reducing  fixed  costs  in  millions  of  dollars.  integrating  data  from  various  sources  such  as  scada,  cis,  eamgis,  weather  channels  and  online  monitoring  systems  with  predictive  asset  analytics  system  enables  utilities  to  address  possible  safety  risks.  they  can  quickly  take  any  appropriate  operational  action  and  mitigate  safety  risks.  remote  asset  management  proactive  maintenance  systems  can  help  utilities  to  keep  a  watch  on  the  health  of  field  assets  at  prescheduled  intervals.  this  avoids  the  reallocation  of  fieldforce  from  existing  location  to  restore
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  encountered  outage  and  a  complete  reorganizing  of  other  planned  asset  maintenance  activities.  as  utilities  leverage  predictive  analytics  for  optimizing  asset  maintenance,  they  must  deal  with  the  following  challenges:  as  predictive  analytics  solutions  need  to  manage  data  collected  from  scada,  mdm,  cis/bis  and  remote  monitoring  systems,  some  common  data  issues  may  arise.  these  include  timestamp  data  conflicts,  duplicate  data,  and  multiple  systems  based  data  conflicts  resulting  in  faulty  analysis.  lack  of  an  integration  platform  for  varied  data  sources  further  aggravates  this  issue.  the  subject  matter  experts  can  best  define  data  to  identify  critical  data  points  and  eliminate  irrelevant  data  items
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  go  ahead  with  accurate,  testable  predictive  models.  choosing  a  technology  platform  that  best  fits  the  exact  business  need  is  a  major  challenge.  with  the  available  cuttingedge  analytics  platforms,  it  is  also  difficult  to  make  a  choice  between  the  best  means  to  suit  a  utilities  business  logic.  the  analytics  platform  should  have  the  capability  to  process  structured  as  well  as  unstructured  data.  also,  it  should  integrate  well  with  thirdparty  modeling  and  statistical  tools  and  should  include  cognitive  capabilities  to  be  able  to  process  realtime  events  to  prevent  failures  and  predict  outcomes.  microsoft  azure  powered  is  the  most  preferred  platform  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization utilities  to  consume  intelligent  capabilities  to  their  existing  systems.  predictive  asset  analytics  is  about  improving  asset  utilization  while  minimizing  capex  opex  and  unexpected  failures.  however,  planned  asset  maintenance  may  lead  to  an  increase  in  maintenance  costs.  predictive  maintenance  also  bringsalong  work  management  gains  due  to  planned  maintenance,  thus,  maximizing  the  efficiency  of  costs,  maintenance  schedules,  and  resources  resulting  in  higher  customer  satisfaction  with  fewer  outages.  for  any  predictive  analytics  solution,  the  key  building  blocks  include  a  statistical  module  for  asset  optimization,  an  intuitive  dashboard  for  interpretation  predictions,  and  an  alert  notification  engine  for  failed  events  or  upcoming  overhaul.  these  components
__label__assetoperationsoptimization make  the  predictive  analytics  solutions  viable  for  decisionmaking.  thus,  by  following  a  datadriven  approach,  utilities  need  to  upgrade  their  it  infrastructure  and  must  also  have  a  skilled  workforce  to  implement  predictive  analytics  solutions  for  condition  monitoring  of  assets  and  their  preventive  overhaul.  saviant  is  the  preferred  data  analytics  intelligent  solutions  partner  for  leading  assetintensive  and  fieldforce  driven  enterprises  across  industries  like  energy,  utilities,  logistics  construction.  we  are  the  trusted  technology  advisors  and  implementation  partners  for  their  strategic  initiatives  around  data  analytics,  iot,  cloud  mobility.  i  can  trust  them  to  do  their  best  and  get  a  successful  outcome.  they  have  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mark  iii  systems  is  a  leading  digital  and  it  transformation  solutions  provider  with  a  long,  rich  history  of  providing  full  stack  technology  solutions  to  enterprises  and  service  providers  across  north  america.  mark  iii  offers  clients  a  unique  full  stack  approach  to  help  them  not  only  modernize  and  optimize  core  tech  stacks  in  the  datacenter,  but  also  spin  up  and  scale  datadriven,  digital  transformation  stacks  in  the  datacenter,  in  the  cloud,  and  on  the  edge.  the  proliferation  of  physical  assets,  devices,  machinery,  and  associated  data  generated  in  the  field  present  a  huge  opportunity  and  yet  a  big  challenge  at  the  same
__label__assetoperationsoptimization time.  mark  iii  systems  provides  industrial  and  physical  asset  optimization  solutions  around  realtime  asset  tracking,  industrial  networking  and  wireless  deployments,  edge  analytics,  and  data  integration.  extract  realtime  location  information  about  key  assets  to  make  better,  faster  business  decisions.  link  together  key  assets  and  processes  worldwide  through  highspeed  connectivity  and  integrated  logic.  harness  the  power  of  the  mountains  of  data  generated  by  assets  to  boost  efficiencies  and  respond  more  quickly  to  a  rapidly  shifting  business  landscape.  maximize  workflow  throughput  and  asset  utilization  by  monitoring  and  analyzing  asset  conditions  and  telemetry.  automatically  identify  and  track  the  location  of  assets,  objects,  and  people
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  realtime.  connect  valueproducing  assets,  endpoints,  mobile  devices,  and  your  workforce  with  highspeed,  flexible  networking,  no  matter  how  rugged  their  environments  may  be.  optimized  endpoint  and  client  devices  designed  for  use  in  any  environment,  indoors  or  outdoors.  integrate  data  flows  between  assets,  devices,  applications,  facilities,  the  datacenter,  and  the  cloud.  analyze,  predict,  and  take  proactive  action  based  on  trends  discovered  from  massive  iot  and  noniot  datasets.  mark  iii  systems,  2019.  all  rights  reserved  site  by  follow  us
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  welldesigned  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  system  helps  manufacturers  analyze  all  the  raw  plant  information  and  convert  it  into  business  value,  such  as  improving  production  yields,  optimizing  maintenance  costs,  maximizing  line  productivity,  and  tracking  resource  use  in  real  time  to  meet  business,  production,  and  regulatory  objectives.  iiot  adoption  is  a  maturity  progression  where  iot  companies  realize  increasing  levels  of  benefit  as  they  expand  from  basic  machine  connectivity  to  advanced  approaches  including  analytics,  automation,  and  edge  computing.  in  this  post,  i  try  to  summarize  my  research  on  how  most  of  the  existing  iiot  players  navigate  the  stages  of  maturity.  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization begin  with,  lets  try  to  list  out  all  the  goals  a  factory  owner  hoped  to  benefit  from  digital  transformation:  if  you  were  to  fulfil  these  benefits,  which  goal  would  you  begin  with  and  navigate  next?  jason  shepherd  ,  cto,  iot  and  edge  computing  says:  to  get  the  power  of  iot,  you  need  to  connect  the  physical  world  to  the  digital,  with  the  evolution  typically  starting  with  realtime  monitoring  for  visibility  and  then  moving  to  optimization  through  analytics  and  eventually  automation.  bsquare,  which  is  an  iot  solutions  provider  defines  five  stages  of  iot  maturity:  today,  most  factory  equipment  comes  outfitted  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization myriad  sensors  to  transmit  a  wide  array  of  data.  they  also  have  a  variety  of  connectivity  options,  from  plugin  diagnostic  reader  ports  to  wireless  modules,  for  delivering  data  to  cloudbased  devices.  as  a  result,  the  average  factory  streams  terabytes  of  productionrelevant  each  month  ranging  from  motor  operating  temperatures  to  unit  counts,  product  weights  to  conveyor  speeds,  motiontolerance  detection  to  raw  materials  usage,  and  much  more.  although  iiotconnected  equipment  provides  the  foundational  first  stage  of  such  data  collection  and  forwarding,  merely  gathering  and  storing  data  delivers  little  to  no  business  benefit.  monitoring  connected  plant  data  begins  to  provide  justintime  awareness  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization machine  and  production  line  conditions.  realtime  operating  parameters  and  fault  codes  can  be  visualized  as  graphics,  charts,  colorcoded  alerts,  etc.,  on  dashboards  that  are  viewable  on  any  cloudenabled  device.  so  factory  owners  at  headquarters,  operators  in  plant  offices,  and  engineers  on  the  floor  can  receive  notifications  when  faults  are  detected,  equipment  failure  is  likely,  inventory  is  low,  or  operating  limits  are  exceeded.  teams  can  then  take  appropriate  steps  to  adjust  and  remediate.  while  these  basic  dashboard  and  monitoring  solutions  benefit  human  operators,  they  lack  the  sophisticated  logic  to  detect  the  complex  conditions  and  events  frequently  found  in  factory  environments.  they
__label__assetoperationsoptimization do,  however,  provide  a  starting  point  for  manufacturers  to  examine  and  refine  the  business  processes  necessary  to  achieve  their  desired  outcomes.  analysis  of  intricate,  multifaceted  events,  using  multiple  sources  of  data  for  context,  is  where  iiot  really  begins  adding  measurable  business  value.  the  best  solutions  use  data  discovery,  machine  learning,  cluster  analysis,  and  digital  modeling  to  apply  complex  event  processing  and  adaptive  analytics  to  realtime  and  historical  data  from  factory  and  complementary  sources  providing  detailed  visibility  across  the  manufacturing  infrastructure.  these  insights  allow  plant  operators,  engineers,  and  technicians  to  proactively  manage  equipment  health  and  optimize  production.  this  reduces  the  likelihood
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  unexpected  failures  and  related  problems,  like  production  delays  and  expensive  repairs.  factory  data  use  cases:  this  ability  to  detect,  alert,  and  guide  equipment  maintenance  provides  high  value  to  any  manufacturer  seeking  to  optimize  production  output.  however,  the  sheer  amount  of  data  produced  by  multiple  sources  and  across  entire  plants  may  overwhelm  human  operators  and  dashboard  systems,  limiting  the  scope  of  where  analytics  can  provide  business  benefit.  some  form  of  automation  is  also  needed  to  help  teams  respond  quickly  and  appropriately  to  fluctuating  factory  conditions.  automating  the  wealth  of  insight  and  awareness  provided  by  the  adaptive  data  analytics  in  stage
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 3  allows  a  manufacturers  iiot  system  to  become  progressively  more  intelligent,  and  capable  of  delivering  greater  business  benefit.  dynamic  rulesbased  logic  can  orchestrate  complex  actions  across  an  organization,  including  service  ticketing  and  inventory  adjustment  requests.  machine  learning  and  sophisticated  analytics  also  enhance  an  iiot  systems  intelligence.  for  example,  it  increases  data  collection  and  transmission  upon  detecting  an  anomalous  condition  on  a  production  line.  the  system  can  then  execute  a  series  of  automated  steps  to  correct  the  error,  or  automatically  adjust  operating  parameters  to  minimize  damage  while  also  notifying  a  technician  of  the  issue  and  repair  urgency.  in  stage  4,  all
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iiot  processing  activities  are  done  over  a  separate  cloud  location  that  is  accessible  from  any  mobile  or  desktop  device.  even  greater  automation  can  be  achieved  by  moving  these  automated  processing  tasks  onto  the  units  themselves.  by  embedding  the  same  intelligence  and  processing  capabilities  from  stage  4  directly  into  plant  equipment,  analytics  and  actions  can  be  performed  right  at  the  network  edge,  rather  than  in  a  separate  cloud  location.  juxtaposing  logic  capabilities  with  source  data  aboard  the  machine  rather  than  transmitting  the  data  from  the  machine  to  the  logic  tools  in  the  cloud  eliminates  any  loss  of  accuracy  from  wireless  transmission
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  conserves  cloud  data  storage  and  network  bandwidth.  it  also  enables  many  other  ways  to  work  with  the  data  and  manipulate  equipment  directly,  such  as  to  apply  realtime  asset  optimization  and  configuration  to  achieve  greater  quality  control,  or  to  automatically  retool  production  lines.  stage  5  provides  maximum  roi  and  business  benefit  from  predictive  failure,  datadriven  diagnostics,  and  device  optimization.  most  manufacturers  start  with  less  complex  projects,  such  as  enhanced  visibility  or  tracking,  and  progress  to  more  sophisticated  processes  that  require  automated  or  predictive  workflows,  according  to  idc.  elevat.iot,  an  iot  company  identifies  6  stages  of  iot  maturity  as  shown  below
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ptc  identifies  the  following  value  curve  that  all  iot  companies  should  traverse  towards.  the  value  chain  is  usually  defined  for  a  particular  industry.  for  iot  as  a  technology  coming  together  of  technologies  rather,  it  starts  with  the  bottom  up  an  unconnected  organization  is  looking  to  make  existing  processes  more  efficient  and  drive  higher  levels  of  intelligence  from  the  connected  world.  there  are  iot  opportunities  in  every  industry  because  virtually  all  electronic  and  electromechanical  products  can  be  designed  to  automatically  transmit  information  about  status,  performance,  and  usage,  and  can  interact  with  people  and  other  devices  in  real  time.  at  this  level,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization understanding  whats  possible  and  the  underlying  technologies  is  critical.  embedded  software,  network  communications,  device  protocols,  provisioning,  and  realtime  data  processing  technologies  combine  with  advanced  web  services,  security,  and  data  management  to  strain  the  skills  of  most  it  organizations  and  development  teams.  few  companies  have  all  these  specialized  people  on  staff,  so  iot  projects  can  get  stalled  or  off  track  if  they  are  ever  started  at  all.  increasingly,  companies  are  coming  to  the  conclusion  that  they  should  focus  on  their  core  competency,  dismiss  the  idea  of  the  internal  build,  and  conduct  an  educated  buy  with  faster,  shortterm  roi  and  time  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization market.  level  1  starts  with  planning.  the  first  step  is  getting  connected  which  is  a  broad  term  with  different  meanings  depending  upon  the  environment  of  the  product  and  the  economics  of  the  solution.  and  while  iot  isnt  new,  the  fundamentals  of  a  connected  product  initiative  are  incredibly  complex.  basic  enablement,  network  connectivity,  security,  middleware  services,  cloud  services,  application  development,  and  other  device  management  functions  are  all  needs  that  must  be  addressed  when  organizations  seek  to  launch  a  connected  product  initiative.  axeda  provides  the  features  and  functionality  to  help  your  organization  connect,  as  well  as  the  infrastructure  to  support  an  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization environment  with  domain  experts  and  proven  cloud  services.  axeda  also  offers  innovation  workshops  which  will  help  you  define  and  launch  your  connected  products  program  and  help  your  key  business  and  technical  groups  work  together  to  develop  a  common  point  of  view.  after  you  describe  your  key  business  and  it  objectives  and  challenges,  axeda  subject  matter  experts  collaborate  with  your  team  on  the  key  elements  of  a  iot  strategy,  especially  as  they  apply  to  your  current  environment.  innovation  workshops  are  offered  at  your  business  location,  or  at  axeda  headquarters  in  foxboro,  massachusetts.  once  connected,  organizations  begin  to  realize  a  new  means
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  generate  growth  and  achieve  a  sustainable  service  position.  connected  product  services  typically  generate  a  recurring  revenue  stream,  require  less  fixed  capital,  and  provide  potentially  higher  margins.  connecting  products  to  a  network  is  not  always  trivial.  keeping  up  with  device  proliferation  and  the  numbers  and  types  of  devices  produced  by  manufacturers  continues  to  grow  rapidly  here,  the  focus  should  be  on  developing  a  solution  that  is  resilient  to  change  and  allows  applications  to  capitalize  on,  rather  than  be  hindered  by,  product  differences  reaching  level  2  is  accomplished  by  connecting  a  product  to  a  network  internet,  cellular  or  satellite  and  enabling
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  transmission  back  to  an  enterprise  server  or  system  for  processing.  axeda  provides  iot  connectivity  services  that  include  software  agents  and  toolkits  that  enable  your  organization  to  establish  connectivity  between  products  or  assets  and  the  axeda  cloud,  while  allowing  a  choice  of  communication  methods  and  hardware  to  suit  the  requirements  of  any  iot  solution.  as  a  result,  your  organization  can  connect  to  any  product  over  any  communication  channel  cellular  networks,  the  internet,  wifi,  or  satellite  description.  each  and  every  product  requires  some  level  of  service  and  support.  service  organizations  are  increasingly  adopting  remote  service  solutions  to  identify,  diagnose,  and  resolve
__label__assetoperationsoptimization issues  remotely.  axeda  connected  product  management  applications  fit  that  need  in  helping  to  deliver  proactive  service  to  their  range  of  devices  improving  uptime,  slashing  service  costs,  and  paving  the  way  for  valueadded  services  based  on  the  devices  data.  requirements.  organizations  require  a  cloudbased  application  platform  and  suite  of  tools  to  monitor  assets  remotely  login  and  manage  remote  content.  the  solution  would  handle  hosting,  security,  scalability  and  have  flexible  apis,  so  that  they  are  unencumbered  by  infrastructure  and  can  focus  on  the  value  of  the  solution.  implementation.  reaching  level  3  is  accomplished  by  enabling  remote  access  and  service.  axeda  provides  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization secure  and  scalable  cloud  to  process  and  store  machine  data  and  cloudbased  applications  to  deliver  remote  service.  the  service  includes  webbased  purposebuilt  connected  product  management  applications  for  monitoring,  remote  login,  desktop  sharing,  software  management  and  remote  content  distribution.  description.  here,  the  focus  quickly  turns  to  analyzing  the  data  and  developing  userfacing  tools  and  applications  that  facilitate  data  analysis,  provide  insights  and  improve  business  functions.  with  the  right  iot  reporting  and  bi  solution,  your  company  can  run  reports,  query  the  data,  create  dashboards,  or  feed  the  data  into  your  data  warehouse  and  bi  environments.  requirements.  many  organizations  including  service,  engineering,  finance,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization compliance,  qa,  product  management,  and  sales  need  visibility  into  product  usage,  performance  and  behavior.  the  data  from  the  connected  products  needs  to  organized  and  stored  in  a  way  that  makes  it  is  easy  to  report  on  and  analyze.  implementation.  reaching  level  4  is  accomplished  by  enabling  reporting  and  analytics.  with  axeda  service  intelligence,  your  organization  can  easily  build  and  deliver  adhoc  queries,  professional  reports,  and  dashboards  that  articulate  success  metrics  and  kpis,  with  reporting  functionality  that  demonstrates  the  value  of  connected  products.  with  a  powerful  business  intelligence  engine  and  easytouse  report  and  dashboard  building  tools,  your  organization  can  understand  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization what  and  why  of  your  iot  data.  description.  organizations  who  were  early  in  bringing  their  products  online  are  now  realizing  that  the  real  gold  in  iot  is  taking  that  data  and  integrating  with  enterprise  systems  such  as  crm,  erp,  plm  or  data  warehouses  optimizing  critical  business  processes  and  essentially  iotizing  their  business.  requirements.  iot  data  must  be  made  available  to  integrate  with  other  systems.  the  iot  data  must  deliver  additional  value  by  combining  information  from  connected  products  with  information  from  other  complementary  sources  and  systems  to  enable  people  and  processes  to  collaborate  and  extract  even  more  value.  for  example,  product
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  flowing  through  a  crm  system  can  be  sent  to  billing  or  into  a  supply  chain  management  system  eliminating  errorprone  manual  steps  and  providing  new  sales  opportunities  for  consumable  replenishment  or  warranty  renewals.  quality  assurance  or  product  management  can  help  enhance  product  features  based  on  realworld  data  that  shows  usage  patterns  or  equipment  issues  improving  customer  satisfaction  and  streamlining  beta  programs.  the  valuable  iot  product  data  now  unlocked  can  also  guide  engineering  efforts  in  building  more  reliable  products  with  differentiating  features  driven  by  customer  demand.  implementation.  axeda  offers  a  framework  to  integrate  with  business  systems  by  feeding  iot  data  into
__label__assetoperationsoptimization crm/erp/plm  systems  to  optimize  business  processes  by  enhancing  service,  billing,  sales,  inventory  management,  and  product  development.  the  framework  includes  web  services  apis  to  read  and  write  data  as  well  as  a  standardsbased  message  queue  for  asynchronous  data  transfers.  once  integrated  with  axeda,  iot  data  from  connected  assets,  in  collaboration  with  other  enterprise  systems,  can  provide  visibility  and  automation  across  organizations  not  previously  possible.  resources:  written  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  read  april  19,  2017  2  the  industrial  iot  has  already  proven  its  versatility  with  deployments  going  live  in  various  enterprises,  showing  off  dozens  of  different  use  cases.  but  a  few  key  uses  consistently  present  themselves  within  the  same  trade,  and  even  throughout  different  industries.  its  important  to  note  that  internet  of  thing  use  cases  will  continue  to  expand  in  the  coming  years.  that  said,  we  have  compiled  the  top  five  industrial  iot  use  cases  of  today.  to  learn  more  about  how  ibm  watson  iot  can  help  you  improve  operational  efficiency  by  optimizing  asset  maintenance,  watch  the  webinar  or  .
__label__assetoperationsoptimization keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines  and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated
__label__assetoperationsoptimization task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  key  is  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time.  this  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  a  smart  meter  is  an  internetcapable  device  that  measures  energy,  water  or  natural  gas  consumption  of  a  building  or  home,  .  traditional  meters  only  measure
__label__assetoperationsoptimization total  consumption,  whereas  smart  meters  record  when  and  how  much  of  a  resource  is  consumed.  power  companies  are  deploying  smart  meters  to  monitor  consumer  usage  and  adjust  prices  according  to  the  time  of  day  and  season.  smart  metering  benefits  utilities  by  improving  customer  satisfaction  with  faster  interaction,  giving  consumers  more  control  of  their  energy  usage  to  save  money  and  reduce  carbon  emissions.  smart  meters  also  give  power  consumption  visibility  all  the  way  to  the  meter,  so  utilities  can  optimize  energy  distribution  and  take  action  to  shift  demand  loads.  ,  smart  metering  also  helps  utilities:  according  to  a  study  by  infosys
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  infosys  and  other  supporting  companies,  including  ibm,  bosch,  ge,  intel,  national  instruments  and  ptc,  have  launched  a  testbed  to  collect  asset  information  efficiently  and  accurately  in  realtime  and  run  analytics  to  aid  them  in  decisionmaking.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize
__label__assetoperationsoptimization logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  one  industry  that  heavily  relies  on  asset  tracking  is  maritime  shipping.  on  a  large  scale,  sensors  help  track  the  location  of  a  ship  at  sea,  and  on  a  smaller  scale,  they  can  provide  the  status  and  temperature  of  individual  cargo  containers.  one  benefit  is  realtime  metrics  on  refrigerated  containers;  these  containers  must  be  stored  at  constant  temperatures  so  perishable  goods  remain  fresh.  each  refrigerated  container  needs  to  be  equipped  with  temperature  sensors,  a  processing  unit  and  a  mobile  transmitter.  when  temperatures  differ  from  the  optimal  mark,  crew  can  be  notified
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  begin  needed  repairs.  connected  vehicles  are  all  the  rage  now.  in  simplest  terms,  these  are  computerenhanced  vehicles  that  automate  many  normal  driving  tasks  in  some  cases,  even  driving  themselves.  current  systems  scan  painted  lines  as  one  of  several  detection  methods;  magnetic  rails  and  other  forms  of  enhanced  highways  may  guide  future  systems.  source:  the  daily  conversation/youtube  there  are  several  advantages  of  selfdriving  cars.  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive,  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles,  pcmag  .  driverless  taxis  could  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits
__label__assetoperationsoptimization idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel  closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time,  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  cameras,  radar  and  lasers  are  among  the  sensors  feeding  information  into  the  differential  gps.  cameras  let  the  cars  computers  see  whats  around  it,  while  radar  allows  vehicles  to  see  up  to  100  meters  away  in  the  dark,  rain,  or  snow.  lasers,  which  look  like  a  spinning  siren  light,  continuously  scan  the  world  around  the  car  and  provide  the  vehicle  with  a  continuous,  3d  omnidirectional  view  of  its  surroundings.  these  sensors  are  providing  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  raw  information  of  the  world.  you  need  very  sophisticated  algorithms  to  process  all  that  information,  just  like  a  human  would,  sridhar  lakshmanan,  a  selfdriving  auto  expert  and  engineering  professor  at  the  university  of  michigandearborn,  time  .  for  companies  that  rely  on  transportation  as  part  of  their  business,  fleet  management  helps  them  remove  or  minimize  the  risks  associated  with  vehicle  investment,  improving  efficiency  and  productivity  while  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  for  example,  asset  tracking  is  being  used  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization urban  environments.  shipping  services  also  use  real  time  traffic  feeds  and  efficiency  algorithms  to  deliver  more  packages  more  efficiently,  with  less  wear  and  tear  on  drivers  and  on  vehicles.  source:  att  enterprise/youtube  by  2020,  north  america  is  expected  to  reach  12.7  million  active  fleet  management  systems  deployed  in  commercial  vehicle  fleets,  according  to  a  recent  study  by  swedish  machinetomachine/iot  research  firm  berg  insight.  the  installed  base  of  fleet  management  systems  totaled  5.8  million  at  the  end  of  2015.  the  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  17  during  the  2015  to  2020  period.  the  study
__label__assetoperationsoptimization also  said  that  the  number  of  active  fleet  management  systems  in  latin  america  is  expected  to  increase  from  2.3  million  at  the  end  of  2015,  to  4.1  million  in  2020.  this  article  originally  appeared  on  .  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization machine  data  is  securely  streamed  from  equipment  sensors  to  a  central  repository  usingindustrial  data  protocolsand  gateways.  are  applied  to  anticipate  and  predict  failures  before  they  arise.  implementing  predictive  maintenance  typically  starts  with  rulebased  alerts  until  sufficient  data  is  collected,  at  which  time  machinelearning  algorithms  can  be  applied  to  identify  complex  behavior  patterns  and  anomalies.  minimize  quality  control  rejects  by  anticipating  and  preventing  quality  issues.  production  line  quality  teams  get  realtime  alerts  into  upcoming  quality  issues  and  their  root  causes  to  minimize  quality  issues  at  their  source.  identify  causes  for  production  waste  and  prescribe  focused  actions  that  minimize  rework  and  scrap.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization predictive  analytics  and  automated  root  cause  analysis  are  employed  to  anticipate  process  failures  that  yield  wastage.  predictive  simulation  is  used  to  test  production  parameters  to  avoid  the  process  failures  while  ensuring  optimized  throughput.  compare  design  to  actual  performance  with  a  that  accurately  tracks  products,  processes,  and  systems  in  real  time.  in  this  iot  use  case,  engineering  teams  accurately  test  optimization  ideas  by  adjusting  parameters  in  the  twin,  without  risking  harm  to  production.  leverage  runtime  and  usage  data  collected  by  the  twin  by  feeding  it  into  the  development  and  manufacturing  process,  increasing  uptime  and  production  throughput.  maximize  production  throughput  by  leveraging
__label__assetoperationsoptimization machine  learning  to  predict  and  prevent  process  disturbances  such  as  extreme  pressures,  leakages,  blockages,  asset  cleaning,  and  more.  anticipate  when  process  disturbances  will  happen,  know  why  they  will  happen,  and  determine  how  to  avoid  them.  factories  and  machinery  oems  get  deep  visibility  into  their  equipment  health  and  actionable  insights  to  maximize  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee,  reduce  maintenance  costs,  and  cut  downtime.  seebo  includes  data  acquisition,  data  analytics,  dashboards,  and  alerts  delivering  business  outcomes  with  unmatched  speedtomarket  and  predictable  roi.  determine  optimum  production  parameters  that  will  avoid  process  disturbances  after  understanding  the  primary  causes  from  root  cause  analysis.  empower  rapid,  iterative,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  collaborative  prototyping  to  deliver  product  concepts  for  market  validation  at  the  lowest  cost  and  risks.  leverage  digital  prototyping  ahead  of  physical  prototyping  to  simulate  product  concepts,  gain  internal  buyin,  and  minimize  discarded  physical  prototypes.  copyright  2019  seebo  interactive  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  adoption  of  the  enterprise  internet  of  things  iot  solutionscontinues  to  grow  and  a  number  of  use  cases  prove  the  benefits  companies  can  obtain  through  the  deployment  of  internet  of  things  tools.  by  leveraging  the  internet  of  things,  enterprises  gain  operational  efficiencies  and  reduce  costs  through  a  number  of  different  solutions.  predictive  maintenance  is  an  iot/m2m  solution  that  helps  companies  to  lower  operating  and  capital  costs  by  facilitating  proactive  servicing  and  repair  of  assets.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  predictive  maintenance
__label__assetoperationsoptimization uses  sensors  which  are  located  on  the  asset  being  monitored.  these  assets  provide  a  constant  flow  of  data  connected  to  a  central  processing  facility  using  some  wan  or  lanbased  connectivity  platform.  then,  the  captured  data  is  continuously  evaluated  for  example,  in  a  business  intelligence  system.  the  concept  of  predictive  maintenance  is  likely  to  expand  exponentially  in  the  internet  of  things  iot,  in  which  more  and  more  machines  are  being  managed  by  networked  smart  devices.  predictive  maintenance  has  the  dual  benefit  of  optimizing  equipment  uptime  and  performance  while  reducing  the  time  and  labor  associated  with  inspections  and  preventive  maintenance.  the  internet
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  things  will  allow  a  supply  chain  to  control  the  external  environment  and  execute  decisions.  with  the  iot,  sensorembedded  factory  equipment  can  not  only  communicate  data  about  parameters  such  as  the  temperature  and  utilization  of  a  machine,  but  also  change  equipment  settings  and  process  workflow  to  optimize  performance.  enterprise  iot  solutions  can  make  information  about  transport  available  to  the  entire  supply  chain,  making  the  chain  more  transparent.  the  smart  items  monitor  the  goods  and  proactively  raise  an  alert  if  transport  conditions  are  not  appropriate  anymore,  so  the  carrier  is  alerted  and  the  goods  have  a  higher  chance  to  be  saved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization another  key  area  is  intransit  visibility.  key  to  intransit  visibility  are  cloudbased  gps  and  radio  frequency  identification  technologies,  which  provide  identity,  location  and  other  tracking  information.  data  gathered  from  gps  and  rfid  technologies  not  only  allows  supply  chain  professionals  to  automate  shipping  and  delivery  by  exactly  predicting  the  time  of  arrival;  they  can  monitor  important  details  like  temperature  control,  which  impact  the  quality  of  a  product  intransit.  one  of  the  challenges  for  small,  medium  and  large  enterprises  is  how  to  use  assets  to  their  greatest  potential.  when  assets  are  mismanaged  or  underutilized,  equipment  failures  occur  and  operating  expenses  increase,  negatively
__label__assetoperationsoptimization impacting  the  companys  revenues.  companies  can  take  advantage  of  internet  of  things  tool  in  order  to  improve  asset  optimization  to  take  full  advantage  of  their  assets  and  to  improve  productivity.  iot  asset  optimization  solutions  are  used  to  analyze  asset  data  in  realtime,  recommending  options  for  improvement  in  the  use  of  the  assets.  the  solutions  are  designed  to  integrate  realtime  information  from  multiple  systems  and  sources.  solutions  also  provide  a  single  point  of  access  to  critical  data  being  generated  by  key  assets  such  as  manufacturing  equipment,  electricity  and  wind  turbines,  oil  and  gas  exploration  equipment  and  healthcare  devices,  among  others.  operations
__label__assetoperationsoptimization teams  can  have  access  to  realtime  data  which  is  used  to  create  predictive  models  to  identify  maintenance  and  upgrade  requirements  before  failures  occur.  fleet  management  solutions  are  telematicsbased  services  that  allow  companies  in  the  transport  vertical  to  track  their  vehicles  in  real  time,  reduce  operative  fleet  costs,  protect  personnel  and  assets  and  increase  productivity.  these  solutions  allow  companies  to  monitor  the  geographical  position  of  the  vehicles,  ensuring  compliance  with  established  routes  and  schedules.  fleet  management  solutions  also  optimize  working  times  and  reduce  fuel  costs  by  controlling  routes  and  work  processes.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two  kids.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  future  is  here.  things  we  take  for  granted  nowadaysvideo  calling,  automatic  language  translation,  autonomous  vehicles,  advanced  robotics,  computing  powerhouses  in  cell  phoneswere  just  the  stuff  of  science  fiction  fantasy  a  mere  15  to  20  years  ago.  today,  technology  is  faster,  better,  and  more  accessible.  at  the  same  time,  computing  itself  has  become  cheaper,  as  have  transferring  data,  bandwidth  and  storage.  the  speed  with  which  this  technology  has  progressed,  along  with  inexpensive  and  widespread  connectivity,  has  produced  an  abundance  of  smart  devicesespecially  in  the  consumer  space.  wearables,  fitness  trackers,  aienabled  and  connected  speakers,  security  cameras,  smart  thermostats,  and  other  appliances
__label__assetoperationsoptimization have  become  part  of  our  everyday  life.  in  some  cases,  however,  product  designers  focus  so  keenly  on  connectivity  that  the  primary  function  of  a  product  slips  into  background,  raising  questions  about  practicality  does  anyone  really  need  an  appenabled,  connected  toothbrush?.  in  other  instances,  the  drive  for  socalled  product  smartificationand  rushed  timelines  lead  to  disastrous  results  regarding  security.  so  we  end  up  with  iotenabled  kettles  that  leak  wifi  passwords  to  anyone  who  bothers  to  snoop  on  the  radio  spectrum,  or  baby  monitors  that  stream  live  video  of  infants  on  the  dark  web.  thats  an  unfortunate  side  effect  of  affordable  and  accessible
__label__assetoperationsoptimization technology  available  to  any  product  manufacturer  in  the  world.  in  any  event,  estimates  are  that  the  number  of  connected  products  will  be  anywhere  between  20  and  50  billion  by  2020.  whatever  the  exact  figure,  though,  its  important  that  the  new  generation  of  connected  and  intelligent  products  bring  additional  value  to  the  customer.  the  scenario  for  industry  is  another  thing.  its  reason  for  creating  connected  and  intelligent  products  differs  from  that  of  consumers.  consumers  typically  want  products  with  a  single  functionhealth  and  fitness  tracking,  heating  and  other  smart  home  applications,  security  surveillance,  and  behavioral  analytics,  for  example.  these  products  deliver  specialized
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vertical  solutions  or  services  smartphones  and  tablets,  which  are  multipurpose  iot  devices,  are  the  exception.  in  industry,  by  contrast,  connected  assets  typically  help  cut  operational  costs,  are  generally  more  efficient,  and  add  to  topline  improvements.  they  decrease  maintenance  expenses,  reduce  truck  rolls,  and  keep  spare  parts  inventories  in  check.  as  well,  they  can  make  sure  field  service  has  the  best  firstvisitfix  ratio,  and  that  leadership  has  better  visibility  into  the  manufacturing  process  or  deployed  assets  performance.  in  todays  post  ill  focus  on  industrial  assets  that  are  making  rapid  strides  into  the  digital  era.  for  these  purposes  im  using  the  word
__label__assetoperationsoptimization asset  to  refer  to  products,  machines  and  devices  with  a  life  span  of  10  to  20  years  or  more.  im  also  talking  about  highly  valued  assets  with  complex  bills  of  material  bom.  that  covers  everything  from  wind  turbines,  power  generators,  oil  rig  pumps,  industrial  printers,  mri  scanners  to  earth  moving  bulldozers,  locomotives,  and  agricultural  equipment.  ill  also  look  at  typical  use  cases  and  provide  brief  insights  about  the  applicability  of  smart  assets.  as  well,  ill  suggest  ways  some  assets  can  help  mature  a  firms  overall  strategy.  im  saving  a  discussion  about  smart  cities  for  another  time  because  the  topic  deserves
__label__assetoperationsoptimization its  own  post.  the  first  concern  many  people  have  had  is  about  making  the  install  base  more  visible.  universally,  maintenance  heads  have  wanted  to  know  where  their  assets  are,  who  owns  them,  and  what  is  the  installed  configuration.  asset  management  systems  were  born  to  answer  these  needs,  but  they  havent  addressed  all  the  problems.  data  populated  at  the  point  of  sale  or  shipment  can  remain  static  after  assets  change  ownership,  locations  or  have  been  reconfigured.  that  makes  asset  management  more  complicated  as  the  time  goes  by.  in  the  smart  asset  era,  though,  firms  can  rectify  most  of  these  issues.  one
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reason:  new  industrial  assets  come  out  of  the  factory  with  the  intelligence  baked  in  thanks  to  cheap  computing,  instrumented  components,  and  affordable  connectivity.  another  reason:  existing  assets  can  be  retrofitted  with  addon  computing  capabilities,  sensors,  actuators,  encoders  and  data  acquisition  modules.  that  means  an  asset  can  now  report  its  location,  configuration  and  additional  metadata,  such  as  ownership  information,  license  status,  and  so  on.  that  achieves  the  goal  of  having  visibility  into  the  install  base.  once  the  plumbing  is  donesensors  are  present  and  relevant  data  is  flowing  to  the  clouda  door  opens  for  the  next  use  case  that  allows  for  remote
__label__assetoperationsoptimization monitoring  of  devices.  as  software  becomes  more  prevalent,  remote  troubleshooting  can  resolve  many  issues.  systems  can  perform  recalibrations,  configuration  changes,  software  and  firmware  patchingor  simply  rebootremotely.  whats  more,  customer  care  teams  can  now  potentially  perform  diagnostics  using  cloudbased  apps  that  send  commands  down  to  the  asset.  these  are  the  core  functionalities  of  an  iot  remote  monitoring  and  diagnostic  rmd  solution.  most  manufacturers  of  smart  products  and  industrial  devices  nowadays  have  reached  maturity  with  rmd.  obviously,  this  type  of  iotpowered  solution  optimizes  costs  and  is  tremendously  valuable.  service  departments  are  particularly  aware  of  how  rmd  reduces  onsite  visits,  produces  a  better
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ratio  of  fix  on  first  visit  and  improves  customer  satisfaction.  rmd  is  a  great  starting  point,  but  its  just  the  beginning.  i  strongly  believe  the  next  set  of  use  cases  can  unlock  enormous  business  value.  todays  technology  is  such  that  you  can  apply  predictive  maintenance  pm  and  avoid  unplanned  downtime  thanks  to  advances  in  machine  learning  and  data  science.  we  can  now  combine  information  from  multiple  sources,  such  as  streamed  machine  data,  operational  parameters,  and  asset  management  inputs.  when  we  add  that  to  historical  maintenance  records,  rootcause  analysis  reports,  and  expertise  in  mechanical  engineering,  its  possible  to  spot  anomalies  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization correlate  them  with  early  symptoms  of  future  failures.  selflearning  models  improve  with  every  iteration  and  retrain  when  new  data  is  available  making  them  even  more  accurate  over  time.  whats  more,  we  can  now  use  a  wide  range  of  datasciencerelated  technologies  to  build  asset  reliability  models  that  are  the  basis  of  predictive  maintenance  solutions.  but  ill  cover  that  topic  in  a  separate  post.  at  any  rate,  predictive  maintenance  is  a  game  changer  for  many  maintenance  and  service  organizations.  it  saves  millions  by  avoiding  unplanned  downtime  for  industrial  assets  such  as  energyproducing  generators,  mining  operations,  aircraft  engines,  oil  pumps,  and  locomotives.  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization when  it  comes  to  health  equipment  and  human  safety,  it  also  helps  prevent  collateral  damage  and  saves  lives  before  small  failures  escalate  into  fullblown  catastrophes.  and  this  is  not  the  end  of  journey.  when  a  service  organization  combines  the  power  of  iot  and  analytics  by  deploying  rmd  and  pm  solutions,  it  can  realize  even  more  business  benefits.  at  this  point,  weve  discussed  how  rmd  has  improved  the  way  assets  perform  in  the  field.  weve  also  described  how  we  can,  with  significant  accuracy,  predict  failures  in  all  critical  components  thanks  to  pm.  the  next  logical  step:  optimizing  spareparts  inventory  to  free
__label__assetoperationsoptimization up  working  capital  by  avoiding  overstocking.  understocking,  too,  can  have  significant  consequences  and  endanger  business  continuity.  this  solution  predicts  the  lifespan  of  critical  components  across  a  fleet  of  assets  and  generates  buy/nobuy  decisions.  this  use  case  is  especially  important  for  organizations  dealing  with  assets  with  overly  complex  boms,  with  long  lead  times,  such  as  manufacturing,  transport  or  installation,  or  with  madetoorder  parts  that  are  typically  expensive.  another  branch  of  iotenabled  benefits  is  in  the  integration  between  asset  management,  rmd,  and  pm  solutions  which  taps  into  service  force  schedule  and  dispatch  functionality.  a  seamless  flow  like  that  produces  astounding  customer  satisfaction.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization heres  how  it  works.  industrial  devices  report  their  conditions,  rmd  collects  data,  and  pm  predicts  failures.  armed  with  all  that  information,  a  field  service  system  can  plan,  schedule,  and  dispatch  field  technicians  equipped  with  all  the  tools,  parts,  and  knowledge  required  to  fix  the  problem  on  first  visit.  the  upshot:  fewer  service  calls,  field  technicians  work  proactively  on  a  predictable  schedule  and  customers  are  delighted  because  theirbusiness  experiences  little  or  no  disruption.  with  an  endtoend  information  flow,  field  technicians  can  have  visibility  into  a  realtime  data  when  dealing  with  a  faulty  device.  mobile  solutions  with  humanmachine  interfaces  provide  a  live
__label__assetoperationsoptimization view  of  operating  conditions,  current  and  historical  alerts,  plus  feed  from  knowledgebased  systems,  and  stepbystep  maintenance  instructions.  and  we  havent  even  begun  to  consider  additional  benefits  that  advanced  visualization  technologies,  such  as  augmented  reality,  virtual  reality  and  mixed  reality  can  bring.  i  focused  on  one  benefit  in  each  of  the  use  cases  i  just  discussed,  but  in  fact,  the  spectrum  of  benefits  is  broad  and  rich.  depending  on  your  organization,  business  priorities,  maturity  levels  and  strategy  you  may  well  select  other  starting  use  cases  for  your  smart  assets  management  solution.  but  its  best  to  keep  the  big  picture  in  mind.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization strategy  is  the  guiding  light  of  your  overall  digital  transformation  journey.  heres  a  map  of  example  solutions  and  typical  transitions  that  most  organizations  follow  as  their  iot  maturity  evolves:  clearly,  i  havent  dealt  with  the  wide  range  of  the  options  these  new  technologies  make  possible.  in  fact,  iot  and  industrial  analytics  can  offer  so  much  more.  heres  a  quick  look  at  a  few  prospects.  in  future  posts,  ill  go  into  greater  detail.  connected  devices  are  creating  a  wave  of  new  businesses  under  the  collective  name  product  as  a  service  paas.  in  many  cases  paas  replaces  tangible  products,  providing  power  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  hour  for  aircraft  engines  or  compressed  air  as  a  service  for  industrial  applications.  at  a  recent  hannover  messe  exhibition  i  even  saw  bearings  as  a  service.  these  new  business  models  can  live  in  parallel  to  traditional  products  but  offer  a  different  experience  to  the  end  customer.  in  many  cases,  theyll  also  lower  the  initial  cost  of  entry.  using  industrial  analytics,  organizations  can  take  a  critical  look  at  suppliers  and  their  performance.  they  can  identify  troublesome  components  in  their  smart  assets  and  learn  the  operational  cost  implications  of  their  current  warranties.  should  asset  manufacturers  extend  a  warranty  with  their  suppliers,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization paying  more  for  a  longer  sla  but  saving  in  the  long  run  on  device  maintenance?  or  should  they  seek  shorter  warranties,  paying  less  to  the  supplier  and  risking  extra  costs  if  components  fail  quickerbut  getting  benefits  if  components  prove  to  be  reliable?  machine  performance  data  delivers  these  insights,  and  by  applying  industrial  analytics,  can  convert  to  actions.  ar  and  vr  can  help  train  field  service,  new  staff,  and  users.  we  are  already  seeing  the  first  applications  of  ar  replacing  traditional  user  manuals.  blockchain  is  a  great  asset  life  cycle  management  tool.  its  especially  useful  for  highticket  assets  that  change  ownership
__label__assetoperationsoptimization over  time.  on  another  hand,  blockchain  contracts  in  a  digitalized  supply  chain  are  fully  traceable  and  auditable  through  every  device,  component,  part,  and  material.  over  a  time,  everything  weve  discussed  here  will  produce  really  smart  assets  and  will  bring  us  devices  that  are  autonomous,  intelligent,  selfhealing,  and  selfimproving.  science  fiction  fantasy?  maybe.  but  remember  what  we  said  about  automatic  language  translation  or  autonomous  vehicles  20  years  ago.  copyright  genpact  2019.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization asset  performance  management  apm  systems  are  designed  to  improve  reliability  and  availability  of  physical  assets  in  manufacturing  plants  and  other  industrial  facilities.  this  typically  involves  collecting,  visualizing,  and  analyzing  asset  health  data  for  condition  monitoring,  predictive  forecasting,  asset  integrity  management,  and  reliabilitycentered  maintenance  rcm.  apm  improves  integration  between  production  management  making  the  product  and  asset  management  ensuring  the  capability  to  produce.  data  on  failure  patterns  from  four  asset  reliability  studies  show  that  only  18  percent  of  assets  have  an  agerelated  failure  pattern  appropriate  for  preventive  maintenance.  the  other  82  percent  require  predictive  or  prescriptive  maintenance  using  industrial  internet  of  things
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iiotenabled  solutions  with  analytics  to  support  the  production  and  csuite  metrics.  based  on  numerous  interviews  with  end  user  companies,  arc  advisory  group  summarizes  that,  currently,  the  predominant  applications  for  iiot  solutions  involve  predictive  maintenance.  iiotenabled  analytics  are  used  to  monitor  the  condition  of  a  piece  of  equipment  to  support  predictive  maintenance.  when  incorporated  within  a  comprehensive  apm  strategy,  predictive  maintenance  helps  prevent  disruptive  and  costly  unplanned  downtime.  executive  overview  asset  performance  management  rapid  adoption  of  iiot  for  apm  impact  of  industrial  iot  application  development  path  asset  management  case  stories  recommendations  arc  advisory  group  clients  can  view  the  complete  report  at
__label__assetoperationsoptimization arc  client  portal  on  or  or  on  this  website.  if  you  would  like  to  buy  this  report  or  obtain  information  about  how  to  become  a  client,  please  2019  arc  advisory  group  all  rights  reserved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  iot  presents  a  whole  new  level  of  opportunity  for  any  company  involved  with  production  or  operational  processes.  by  applying  analytics  to  the  data  that  can  be  gathered  from  sensors,  these  processes  can  become  more  efficient.  further,  applying  predictive  analytics  to  that  same  data  in  nearreal  time  enables  businesses  to  be  proactive  and  prevent  costly  operational  delays.  predictive  asset  optimization  pao  solutions  can  help  optimize  the  utilization  of  enterprise  assets,  as  well  as  help  enterprises  use  iot  data  to  improve  the  experience  of  consumers  purchasing  smart  devices  and  appliances.  by  performing  predictive  analytics  on  the  data  from  various  sensors,  robotics
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  devices  used  in  the  production  or  operational  process,  organizations  can  predict  when  a  problem  is  likely  to  occur  and  perform  preventative  maintenance  before  an  actual  problem  arises.  these  same  predictive  analytics  can  be  applied  to  the  data  coming  from  connected  devices  in  the  consumer  environment  and  can  help  enhance  the  relationship  between  the  manufacturer  and  the  consumer.  most  white  goods  manufacturers  enterprises  that  make  washers,  refrigerators  and  so  on  usually  dont  have  any  relationship  with  the  end  consumer  except  warranty  services.  by  monitoring  smart  devices  and  analyzing  consumer  usage  patterns,  the  manufacturer  can  provide  advice  or  offer  additional  services.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization these  same  patterns  can  also  be  used  in  the  process  to  improve  the  next  round  of  consumer  products.  ibm  has  several  pao  solutions  that  focus  on  ways  companies  can  maximize  their  production  or  operational  enterprise  assets.  many  of  these  solutions  are  delivered  through  the  ibm  .  plus,  these  services  are  available  in  ibm  bluemix,  which  is  a  rapid  development  platform  with  an  evergrowing  list  of  capabilities  such  as  predictive  analytics,  cognitive  analytics  and  realtime  insights.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization industrial  iot  iiot  brings  machines,  cloud  computing,  analytics,  and  people  together  to  improve  the  performance  and  productivity  of  industrial  processes.  with  iiot,  industrial  companies  can  digitize  processes,  transform  business  models,  and  improve  performance  and  productivity,  while  decreasing  waste.  currently,  companies  across  a  wide  range  of  industries  are  working  on  iot  projects  that  connect  billions  of  devices  and  deliver  value  across  a  variety  of  use  cases  including  predictive  quality  and  maintenance  analytics,  asset  condition  monitoring,  and  process  optimization.  predictive  quality  analytics  extracts  actionable  insights  from  industrial  data  sources  such  as  manufacturing  equipment,  environmental  conditions,  and  human  observations  to  optimize  the  quality
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  factory  output.  using  aws  iot,  industrial  manufacturers  can  build  predictive  quality  models  which  help  them  build  better  products.  higher  quality  products  increase  customer  satisfaction  and  reduce  product  recalls.  asset  condition  monitoring  captures  the  state  of  your  machines  and  equipment  to  determine  asset  performance.  with  aws  iot,  you  can  capture  all  iot  data,  such  as  temperature,  vibration,  and  error  codes  indicate  if  equipment  is  performing  optimally.  with  increased  visibility,  you  can  maximize  asset  utilization  and  fully  exploit  your  investment.  predictive  maintenance  analytics  captures  the  state  of  industrial  equipment  to  identify  potential  breakdowns  before  they  impact  production  resulting  in  an  increase
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  equipment  lifespan,  worker  safety,  and  the  supply  chain  optimization.  with  aws  iot,  you  can  continuously  monitor  and  infer  equipment  status,  health,  and  performance  to  detect  issues  in  realtime.  caf  uses  aws  to  increase  train  safety  and  reduce  maintenance  costs.  pentair  uses  aws  iot  to  improve  beer  filtration  processes  and  boost  performance  by  10.  vantage  power  enables  powertrain  innovation  and  safety  for  heavyduty  vehicles  with  aws  iot.  siemens  built  a  high  quality,  scalable  and  secure  platform  to  enable  them  to  deliver  better  healthcare.  with  the  broadest  and  deepest  functionality  from  the  device  to  the  cloud,  aws  iot  helps  customers,  such
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  volkswagen,  yanmar,  vantage  power,  british  gas,  solarnow,  caf,  and  honeywell,  improve  the  performance  and  productivity  of  industrial  processes.  these  customers  rely  on  aws  iot  to  build  applications  that  address  the  top  challenges  facing  industrial  customers  to  uncover  new  business  value  through  predictive  quality  analytics,  asset  condition  monitoring,  predictive  maintenance  analytics,  and  process  optimization.  aws  iot  is  a  set  of  fully  managed  services  that  make  it  easy  to  deploy  and  manage  a  complete  industrial  iot  solution.  aws  iot  provides  a  range  of  services  specifically  designed  to  make  it  easy  to  collect,  store,  and  analyze  device  data  even  in  noisy,  unreliable
__label__assetoperationsoptimization environments.  aws  iot  helps  customers  scale  their  industrial  iot  applications  up  to  millions  of  devices.  aws  iot  makes  it  easy  for  customers  to  secure  device  fleets  at  scale  with  builtin  device  authentication  and  authorization  to  keep  iiot  data  and  devices  protected.  learn  how  aws  iot  sitewise  can  help  you  collect,  structure,  and  search  iot  data  from  industrial  equipment  at  scale.  with  edgebased  software  and  cloudbased  services,  see  how  you  can  get  started  quickly  and  attain  your  industrial  business  goals.  predictive  maintenance  helps  industries  understand  the  condition  of  their  equipment  and  identify  potential  breakdowns  before  they  impact  production.  iiot  offers  new
__label__assetoperationsoptimization levels  of  predictive  maintenance  to  industrial  enterprises.  using  insights  from  industrial  data  sources  such  as  the  equipment  itself,  environmental  conditions,  and  human  observations,  industrial  companies  can  determine  the  best  actions  to  take.  industry  4.0  is  here,  and  organizations  are  rapidly  automating  factory  floors,  machinery,  and  production  lines.  industry  4.0  promises  to  improve  efficiency  and  lower  operational  costs,  but  there  are  challenges  along  the  way  such  as  device  security,  device  management  across  diverse  fleets,  and  analytics.  learn  more  about  aws  iot  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization social  network  for  security  executives:  help  make  right  cyber  security  decisions  this  is  a  list  of  various  use  cases  of  iot.  some  of  them  have  been  detailed,  because  of  current  or  potential  challenges  and  usage  trends.  there  are  two  types  of  systems:  old  systems  with  hardly  any/nil  instrumentation,  and  the  relatively  new  ones  with  instruments  which  generate  lot  of  data  using  automation  systems,  robots,  nc  machines,  plcs,  digital  gauges,  cameras,  sensors,  wireless  tools  and  others  devices.  these  data  cant  easily  be  combined  and  analyzed,  creating  a  challenge  that  traditional  manufacturing  systems  were  not  designed  for.  in  2016,  manufacturing  operations  accounted
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  a  total  iot  spend  of  102.5  billion  on  the  mentioned  total  of  178  billion,  according  to  the  same  idc  2017  release.  with  current  thrust  of  make  in  india,  and  the  appetite  of  the  industry  and  start  ups,  this  perhaps  has  the  biggest  potential  in  india.  manufacturing  has  three  areas  of  use  cases:  a.  manufacturing  operations  operations  of  manufacturing  include  asset  management,  intelligent  manufacturing,  performance  optimization  and  monitoring,  planning,  human  machine  interaction,  endtoend  operational  visibility  and  these  cyberphysical  systems  iot.  b.  production  asset  management  and  maintenance  this  is  the  second  largest  iot  use  case  in  manufacturing  and  in  reality  also
__label__assetoperationsoptimization consists  of  a  range  of  potential  applications.  it  includes  production  asset  monitoring  and  tracking,  from  location  to  the  monitoring  of  parameters  in  several  areas  such  as  quality,  performance,  potential  damage  or  breakdowns,  bottlenecks,  the  list  goes  on.  on  top  of  performance  and  optimization,  there  is  of  course  also  the  dimension  of  maintenance  as  a  result  and/or  in  a  predictive  way.  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  signs  of  warning,  use  real  time  data  to  create  a  maintenance  timeline  and  preemptively  service  equipment.  e.g.  a  gas  turbine  noise  levels  and  frequency  spectrum  can  be  a  great  source  of  information  on  health  of  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization blades  and  bearings.  c.  field  service  this  covers  manufacturing  plant,  warehouse,  extended  supply  chain  and  customer  site.  some  examples  of  detailed  use  cases  and  the  benefits  iot  offers:  production  flow  monitoring:  optimize  flow,  eliminate  waste  and  avoid  unnecessary  work  in  process  inventory.  remote  equipment  management,  including  setting  specific  limits  and  parameters  to  save  energy  and  costs.  conditionbased  maintenance  alerts:  optimize  machine  availability,  minimize  interruption  and  increase  throughput.  usage  of  data  product,  customer  sentiment  and  more  for  quality  monitoring,  origin/sourcing  of  material  and  enhancement  in  function  of  outcomes.  i.  conventional  ii.  renewable  energy:  solar,  wind  etc.  weather  and  demand  to  supply
__label__assetoperationsoptimization optimization  and  control  solar,  wind  being  the  infirm  energy  supply  sources,  but  penetrating  rapidly  in  the  overall  system  and  using  free/renewable  resource;  has  a  high  impact  and  attention  requirement  in  planning  and  control  in  an  overall  system  of  energy  generation  to  usage  chain.  iot  has  a  large  potential  to  benefit  these  systems.  monitoring,  ops  and  maintenance  large  remote  and  generally  unattended  power  plants,  as  well  as  distributed  smaller  systems  will  be  better  served  with  iot  systems.  cost,  bidding  short  and  long  term,  considering  time  of  the  day  seasonal,  specific  events  a  large  decision  making  input  can  come  from  large  network
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  iot  sensors  across  the  globe,  starting  with  weather  data  and  rapidly  erratic  one  thanks  to  climate  changes.  load  demands  in  large  industries  as  well  as  urban/rural  areas  can  be  assessed  and  managed  when  smart  equipment  with  logical,  machine  learnt  decision  making  systems  are  implemented.  example:  peak  demand:  curtailment  of  peak  to  generator  response;  and  optimized  cost  of  generation  with  a  mix  of  generators  and  storage  could  be  greatly  benefited  from  iot.  b.  transmission  distribution  twoway  communications  and  smart  devices  extend  your  realtime  capabilities  to  include  distribution  automation,  demand  response  and  distributed  energy  resources.  applications  allow  you  to  accurately  monitor,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization measure  and  predict  your  business  performance.  from  billing  data  access  and  reportingto  powering  solutions  like  phase  detection,  voltage  imbalances,  harmonics  with  most  energy  efficient  loads:  lights,  computers,  variable  drives  etc.  being  the  cause  of  harmonics.  rural,  remote  applications  including  micro  grids,  supported  by  energy  storage,  multi  sourced  supply  including  renewable  energy  can  make  use  of  iot  for  improving  customer  experience,  supplydemand  management  dsm,  reduced  costs  and  maintenance.  example:  maximizing  asset  life  and  utilization  most  transformers  are  over  designed  and  right  voltage,  temperature,  old  condition,  gis  data,  e.g.  can  help  optimize  their  capacities,  location  and  thus  reduce  cost,  maintenance,  down  time.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization c.  smart  grid  and  smart  metering  smart  meter  helps  utilities  to:  reduce  operating  expenses  by  managing  manual  operations  remotely;  improve  forecasting  and  streamline  powerconsumption;  improve  customer  service  through  profiling  and  segmentation;  reduce  energy  theft;  and  simplify  microgeneration  monitoring  and  track/manage  renewable  power.  with  builtin  capabilities  to  enable  auto  shutoff,  conservation  voltage  reduction  cvr,  phase  detection,  and  net  metering  for  solar  e.g..  consumers  can  enter  an  event,  such  as  purchasing  a  new  water  heater,  solar  photovoltaic  system,  and  compare  usage  before  and  after.  each  piece  of  information  empowers  them  to  make  some  impactful  decisions.  should  they  leave  a  light  or  computer
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on,  considering  that  frequent  switching  is  also  not  recommended?  small  decisions  with  a  potentially  big  return.  d.  ops  predictive  maintenance  a.  exploration  help  in  site  survey,  data  analysis  and  improving  success  rates.  estimates  of  return  on  investments  will  be  possible  considering,  resource  availability,  cost  of  drilling,  transportation,  and  even  price  bidding.  b.  wells/mine  and  environmental  metrics  from  production  trends  to  environment  all  areas  can  be  benefited.  the  current  industry  uses  basic  tools  like  excel.  c.  optimization  for  improving  profits  operations,  maintenance  and  supplydemand  can  have  high  impacts,  and  considering  the  size  of  the  energy  market,  investment  in  iot  has  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization very  high  potential  return.  d.  sale:  data  analytics  and  price  strategy,  forecasting  with  consumption  trends  save  the  consumers  from  wild  price  fluctuations,  including  the  very  sensitive  industrial  users.  a.  smart  cities  b.  traffic  optimization  thousands  of  cross  linked  road,  millions  of  vehicles,  and  drivers,  airports,  ports  can  be  helped  with  weather  data,  signaling,  movement  optimization,  and  major  event  vip  managements.  c.  public  safety  use  of  visual  monitoring  and  personnel  movements  data  collected  and  learnt,  can  help  decide  deployment  of  vigilance  personnel,  roster  duties.  emergency  services  such  as  fire,  ambulance,  police,  disaster  management  are  in  dire  need  of  iot  help  e.g.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  traffic,  location  of  victims,  crime  etc.  a.  telematics  and  fleet  management  it  will  help  improving  efficiency,  productivity  and  reducing  overall  transportation  and  staff  costs.  asset  tracking  is  becoming  used  more  and  more  by  cities  for  waste  management  purposes  by  giving  trash  collectors  the  most  efficient  routes  to  collect  the  buildup  of  trash  in  urban  environments.  b.  automatic  vehicles  accident  avoidance  is  a  major  incentive  because  the  car  can  respond  faster  than  a  human.  the  ultimate  manifestation  is  the  overall  reduction  of  vehicles.  driverless  taxis  can  replace  a  familys  second  car  that  sits  idle  all  day.  more  vehicles  can  travel
__label__assetoperationsoptimization closer  on  the  road  at  the  same  time  and  the  computer  can  operate  the  vehicle  more  economically  than  most  people.  c.  asset  tracking  and  remote  monitoring  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  and  to  optimize  logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  d.  condition  based  maintenance/predictive  maintenance  e.  automobile  i.  real  time  diagnostics  ii.  remote  vehicle  management  iii.  in  car  connectivity  and  infotainment  a.  automated  checkouts  b.  footfall  analytics  promos  c.  inventory  optimization  a.  network  maintenance  b.  connected  homes/cars  c.  data  monetization  a.  proactive  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization connected  monitoring  b.  early  detection  and  diagnosis  c.  remote  measurements  d.  wearables  e.  health  and  fitness  tracking  f.  support  for  disability  currently,  over  a  billion  people  including  children  or  about  15  of  the  worlds  population  are  estimated  to  be  living  with  disability.  iot  can  offer  them  the  assistance  and  support  they  need  to  achieve  a  good  quality  of  life  and  allows  them  to  participate  in  the  social  and  economic  life.  a.  usage  based  insurance  b.  telematics  for  insurance  c.  insured  asset  management  :  tags:  join  ciso  platform  :  connect  with  security  peers,  find/  post  jobs,  share  your  knowledge  or  follow
__label__assetoperationsoptimization us  5  members  5  members  email:  contactcisoplatform.com  mobile:  91  99002  62585  infosec  media  private  limited,first  floor,  48,dr  dv  gundappa  road,  basavanagudi,bangalore,karnataka  560004  2019  created  by  .  powered  by  please  check  your  browser  settings  or  contact  your  system  administrator.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization prioritize  and  optimize  asset  maintenance  and  planning  reduce  costs  and  free  up  working  capital  reduce  energy  costs  and  improve  building  operations  transform  financial  crime  detection  with  machine  learning  optimal  deployment  and  health  of  iot  devices  identify  fraudulent  actors  and  safeguard  revenues  nextgeneration  crm  designed  for  ai/machine  learning  learn  how  industry  leaders  are  solving  their  most  difficult  challenges.  leading  provider  of  enterprise  ai  software  industry  leadingexperience  endless  inspiration  and  meaningful  work  driving  customer  success  industry  alliances  industry  articles  written  by  c3.ai  employees  c3.ai  thought  leadership  and  product  information  annual  user  conference  for  c3.ai  reach  out  with  a  general  inquiry  predict  asset
__label__assetoperationsoptimization failures  for  aircraft  systems  predict  asset  failures  for  generation  assets  predict  asset  failures  for  oil  extraction  assets  predict  asset  failures  for  industrial  equipment  predict  asset  failures  for  substation  equipment  c3  predictive  maintenance  provides  maintenance  planners  and  equipment  operators  with  comprehensive  insight  into  asset  risk,  enabling  them  to  maintain  higher  levels  of  asset  availability  across  their  entire  portfolio.  ai  applications  including  predictive  maintenance  and  fraud  detection  for  44  million  smart  meters.  smart  meter  analytics  for  more  than  5  million  smart  meters  to  improve  customer  service  and  operational  efficiency.  enterprisewide  digital  transformation  of  the  largest  power  producer  in  the  world.  the  combination
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  our  data  science  expertise  and  the  software  development  expertise  that  c3.ai  brings  is  really  powerful.  with  c3.ai,  we  embarked  on  a  platform  journey  a  widespread  adoption  of  the  platformbased  model  for  machine  learning  and  artificial  intelligence.  the  great  thing  in  working  with  c3.ai  has  been  the  talent.  a  lot  of  times  businesses  come  down  to  people,  people,  and  people.  c3  predictive  maintenance  aggregates  petabytescale  data  from  individual  sensors,  smart  devices,  enterprise  systems  e.g.,  asset  management,  work  management,  outage  management  and  operational  systems  e.g.,  scada,  oms,  gis  to  generate  accurate  predictions  of  asset  failure.  c3  predictive  maintenance  uses  advanced  machine
__label__assetoperationsoptimization learning  algorithms  to  compute  asset  risk  scores.  the  algorithms  are  trained  using  historical  failure  data  and  can  be  configured  to  estimate  probability  of  failure  over  different  operating  horizons  e.g.,  14  days,  30  days,  or  6  months.  in  addition  to  supervised  machine  learning  techniques  that  require  historical  failure  data  to  train  algorithms,  c3  predictive  maintenance  also  includes  unsupervised  learning  techniques  to  identify  and  predict  anomalous  operating  states  without  the  use  of  historical  failures.  c3  predictive  maintenance  provides  closedloop  work  order  integration  that  enables  continuous  improvement  of  the  underlying  machine  learning  models.  it  seems  your  browser  cannot  play  the  video.  maybe  try
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  link.  talk  to  one  of  our  ai  experts  about  what  c3.ai  products  can  do.  see  the  c3  ai  suite  in  action  and  learn  more  about  our  applications.  meet  the  c3.ai  team  in  person  and  see  what  its  like  to  work  with  us.  well  review  your  information  and  a  team  member  will  get  back  to  you  within  2448  hours.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  facilitate  and  enhance  your  use  of  the  website  and  track  usage  patterns.  by  continuing  to  use  this  website,  you  agree  to  our  use  of  cookies  as  described  in  our  .  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve
__label__assetoperationsoptimization your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  as  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience
__label__assetoperationsoptimization while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  as  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function
__label__assetoperationsoptimization properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that  may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed  as  nonnecessary  cookies.  it  is  mandatory  to  procure  user  consent  prior  to  running  these  cookies  on  your  website.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization however,  the  market  of  solutions  for  advanced  asset  tracking,  asset  management,  remote  monitoring  and  remote/predictive  maintenance  is  still  facing  several  challenges  as  it  is  booming  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things,  data  analytics  and  .  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  main  challenges  and,  at  the  same  time,  opportunities.  its  easy  to  see  why  asset  management,  asset  tracking,  predictive  maintenance,  remote  monitoring  of  assets/conditions  and,  overall  the  optimization  of  everything  with  regards  to  assets,  is  so  interesting  for  industries  such  as  but  also  ,  automation,  ,  and  ,  to  name  a  few.  table  of  contents  manufacturing  and  production,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  original  domain  of  the  now  broadened  industry  4.0  approach,  in  fact  in  a  high  degree  is  all  about  optimizing  asset  usage  in  an  endtoend  way,  certainly  if  we  add  people  and  even  finished  products  to  the  broad  range  of  inbound  logistics,  warehousing,  production,  transportation,  plant  floor  and  other  asset  environments  as  is  typically  done.  with  iiot  and  advanced  asset  performance  management  apm,  a  holistic  view  and  proactive  optimization  becomes  possible.  efficiency  through  insights  and  analytics,  including  predictive,  is  a  keyword  here,  across  various  levels.  the  efficiency  and  optimization  of  assets  today  is  mainly  about  production  capacity  and  a  realtime
__label__assetoperationsoptimization overview  of  the  performance  of  equipment,  a  view  on  the  production  process  and  an  identification  of  where  moving  assets  including  people  and  finished  goods  are  with  the  goal  of  realtime  adjustments  in,  for  instance,  scheduling,  production  planning  and  predictive  maintenance.  yet,  also  energy  efficiency,  communication  efficiency,  planning  efficiency  and  maintenance  efficiency,  the  very  essence  of  predictive  maintenance,  are  among  the  efficiencies  sought.  and  at  the  end  of  the  day  there  is  also  the  goal  of  any  :  efficient  innovative  solutions,  based  upon  services  which  are  driven  by  information  efficiency  and  analytical  learnings.  yet,  that  requires  to  not  just  make  asset
__label__assetoperationsoptimization management  and  tracking  more  efficient  but  most  of  all  to  look  at  existing  ways  of  working,  processes  and  asset  utilization  and  insights  in  novel  ways  and  from  different  angles  with  data  and  analytics  as  differentiators.  however,  moving  from  stage  a  to  b  and  c  in  industry  4.0  doesnt  happen  overnight  and  there  are  quite  some  challenges  with  regards  to  asset  tracking,  management  and  monitoring,  let  alone  gaining  the  insights  for  predictive  maintenance,  in  earlier  stages  too.  moreover,  the  capability  to  optimize  the  return  of  all  types  of  assets  through  data  collection,  analysis,  monitoring  and  action  across  several  systems  and  workflows
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  already  a  daunting,  yet  highly  valuable,  task  that  results  in  clear  gains.  from  an  internet  of  things  perspective  one  of  the  first  challenges  to  address,  when  the  business  case  is  made,  is  how  to  include  legacy  assets  and  get  data  in  an  apm  or  other  systems  context  from  a  hybrid  environment  with  iotenabled  assets,  etc.  e.g.  the  evolution  with  regards  to  cobots  predictive  analytics  and  advanced  maintenance  services  are  certainly  a  leading  crossindustry  category  from  a  project  perspective.  after  all,  what  better  way  to  enhance  customer  satisfaction/loyalty/benefits  and  reduce  costs  at  the  same  time  than  to  make  your  installed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization base  of  industrial  manufacturing  products  connected  in  order  to  optimize  service,  maintenance  and  plant  floor  efficiency?  soon  the  days  that  industrial  assets  needed  to  be  serviced,  depending  on  schedules  and  incidents  with  high  human,  service  and  maintenance  costs,  are  over  for  all  critical  operations.  so,  it  shouldnt  come  as  a  surprise  that,  as  mentioned  in  our  article  on  the  ,  industrial  equipment  manufacturing  will  see  the  highest  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  until  2022.  in  the  of  the  may  2017  report  which  we  tackled  in  that  article,  the  main  reasons  for  the  rapidly  growing  implementation  of  industry  4.0  technologies  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  industrial  equipment  manufacturing  industry  was  the  avoidance  of  unplanned  downtime  and  wastage.  in  the  announcement,  the  research  firm  states  that  it  expects  that  by  2021  various  industries  will  have  adopted  asset  tracking  technologies  in  order  to  achieve  their  industry  4.0  goals,  enhanced  workflow  and  smart  manufacturing  ambitions.  among  these  sectors  we  find  previously  mentioned  ones  such  a  healthcare  and  logistics  and  a  myriad  of  manufacturing  and  automation  sectors  in  areas  such  as  industrial  automation,  electronics,  aerospace,  military  and  fleet  management.  and  we  would  add  economic  return  from  a  holistic  perspective  or  as  frost  sullivan  analyst  jabez  mendelson  puts  it:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization new  asset  management  solutions  will  help  manufacturers  efficiently  run  the  shop  floor  and  ensure  high  standards  in  product  lifecycle  management  across  the  supply  and  value  chains.  and  those  supply  and  value  chains  are  exactly  what  industry  4.0  is  all  about,  starting  from  optimization  and  going  to  transformation  and  innovation  by  looking  at  them  from  different  angles,  enabling  new  business  models,  new  services  and  new  sources  of  revenue.  among  the  challenges  to  tackle  when  looking  to  implement  advanced  asset  tracking  technologies  and  asset  maintenance  technologies  overall:  also  remember  the  legacy  asset  issue  and  the  interoperability  issues  of  in  general.  a  lack
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  standards  and  different  solutions  and  devices  means  more  development  and  work  and  thus  higher  costs  to  implement  and  scale.  this  obviously  goes  for  asset  management  and  maintenance  in  an  age  of  industry  4.0  and  the  industrial  internet  of  things  overall.  moreover,  its  not  as  if  suppliers  of  assets,  from  industrial  robots  to  tooling  technologies  are  sitting  still  either.  they  develop  asset  tracking,  asset  management  and  predictive  maintenance  solutions  with  predictive  analytics  for  their  industrial  customers  too  as  an  example:  .  these  systems,  when  in  use  at  a  particular  company,  need  to  be  able  to  talk  with  the  overall  asset
__label__assetoperationsoptimization performance  management  solution  as  well.  yet,  depending  on  the  vendors  of  tooling,  machines,  robots,  warehouse  assets  and  far  more,  these  solutions  are  developed  with  different  technological  partners.  yet,  we  rather  see  security  as  a  clear  and  present  concern  to  address  holistically  in  industry  4.0  overall,  regardless  of  technologies.  its  not  a  surprise  that  several  companies  were  showing  new  security  solutions  for  industry  4.0  at  .  moreover,  the  challenge  of  security  is  different  in  your  traditional  it  environment  than  it  is  in  industrial  environments  as  you  deal  with  it,  ot  ,  the  increasing  convergence  of  both,  the  complexity  of  the  industrial
__label__assetoperationsoptimization environment  with  different  protocols  such  as  the  scada  protocols  and  then  there  is  the  industrial  internet  of  things  and  its  connectivity  aspects  whereby  we  see  that  more  recent  wireless  iiot  connections  are  on  the  rise  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things  where  most  connections  are  fixed  line  .  frost  sullivan  points  out  that,  from  the  perspective  of  advanced  asset  tracking  technologies  the  various  components,  including  smart  tags  and  tracking  devices  can  be  sabotaged,  hacked  and  obviously  stolen.  in  a  holistic  security  approach,  which  is  the  only  one  that  works,  whether  its  in  industry  4.0  or  any  other  area  its  important
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  include  the  human  element  sabotage,  theft,  security  in  the  physical  world  and  of  course  make  sure  you  look  at  all  the  devices,  technologies,  communication  protocols  and  so  forth  in  order  to  avoid  issues  and  that  goes  for  asset  tracking  too  .  also  take  into  account  the  sometimes  hard  conditions  in  which  asset  tracking  devices  need  to  operate,  even  on  the  human  level  with,  for  instance,  personnel  tags.  in  that  growth  the  largest  chunk  is  for  manufacturing  and  it  is  expected  that  cloudbased  predictive  maintenance  will  grow  faster.  you  find  more  data.  regardless  of  the  precise  data,  what  is  most
__label__assetoperationsoptimization interesting  though  is  the  high  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  28.4  until  2021.  on  the  other  hand,  its  not  that  surprising  as  costs  are  coming  down  predictive  maintenance  condition  monitoring  solutions  require  technologies,  solutions,  skills  and  time  .  while  traditionally  it  has  been  majorly  seen  as  only  being  useful  for  the  most  critical  operations  there  is  a  shift  whereby  less  critical  operations  get  included  as  everything  gets  more  connected.  with  increasing  standardization,  the  overall  lowering  of  the  cost  of  the  essential  technologies  to  monitor,  evolutions  in  the  market  of  providers  of  solutions,  the  migration  to  a  cloud  model  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization an  increasing  usage  of  preventive  maintenance  in  more  markets,  with  industry  equipment  manufacturing  at  the  front,  expect  more  preventive  maintenance  and  less  preventive  maintenance  in  a  near  future.  a  main  challenge  for  vendors  of  solutions  will  be  to  help  customers  solve  the  need  for  skills  although  the  shifts  in  the  needed  skillsets  in  industry  4.0  overall  will  certainly  add  to  that  too.  for  now,  and  to  conclude,  lets  say  that,  as  the  german  institute  for  industrial  management  indicates,  there  is  still  work.  while  87  percent  of  companies  are  aware  of  the  potential  of  preventive  maintenance  with  realtime  data  and  analytics
__label__assetoperationsoptimization note:  preventive,  not  predictive,  although  its  not  preventive  as  you  know  it  but  de  facto  more  predictive  ,  only  a  small  percentage  implemented  condition  monitoring  15  percent  and  the  same  goes  for  having  incorporated  machine  status  in  the  maintenance  workflow  17  percent.  yet,  things  might  change  fast  as,  if  there  is  anything  that  lends  itself  to  obvious  benefits,  service  improvement  and  new  ways  of  working  it  certainly  is  predictive  analytics  and  preventive  analytics  based  upon  those  realtime  data  and  iiot.  when  concerns  with  regards  to  required  skillsets,  ease  of  use,  roi  and  costs  and  security  drop  the  market  will  change
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fast.  moreover,  with  industry  4.0  we  are  in  highly  competitive  and  disrupted  environments  whereby  manufacturing  is  driven  by  the  cascade  effect  of  digital  transformation  and  ever  more  demanding  customers.  in  this  landscape,  when  the  cascade  really  starts  getting  felt  and  moves  the  needle  from  urgent  to  priority,  the  leaders  in  embracing  industry  4.0  and  predictive  maintenance  who  reap  the  benefits  of  their  investments  will  change  the  status  quo  for  the  laggards.  and  that  can  come  with  really  high  costs  if  youre  not  ready  as  you  are  expected  to  by  customers  and  everyone  in  your  ecosystem  and  value  chains.  thats  where
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  industrial  internet  of  things  in  the  end  comes  in.  not  in  the  indeed  challenging  task  of  connecting  assets  but  in  defining  which  data  and  insights  from  which  assets  need  to  be  tracked,  combined,  analyzed,  monitored  and  leveraged  in  order  to  use  these  analytics  in  the  most  efficient  way.  prioritization  as  said  is  key  here  as  it  is  in  any  digital  transformation  or  industry  4.0  journey.  if  an  industrial  asset  such  as  an  industrial  robot  goes  down  the  cost  effects  can  be  pretty  huge.  yet,  its  not  just  about  looking  at  those  kinds  of  assets.  what  about  analytics  with  regards
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  the  condition  of  your  perishable  products  when  they  are  sitting  in  some  container  and  the  costs  associated  with  them  arriving  in  poor  shape?  what  about  the  costs  associated  with  workers  who  have  to  operate  in  suboptimal  circumstances?  and,  on  the  flip  side,  what  benefits  can  you  gain  in  terms  of  productivity  by  leveraging  analytics  and  visualizing  your  entire  asset  and  operations  data  ?  now,  just  as  back  in  2014,  the  transformation  of  maintenance  operations  and  reduction  of  downtime  are  first.  the  real  questions  for  your  next  stages  is  what  else  can  you  do  with  this  data  and  potentially  other
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  in  ways  that  allow  you  to  generate  revenue,  innovate  and  build  a  competitive  advantage  or  service  capability  that  allows  you  to  go  beyond  cost  reduction  and  which  the  optimization  of  maintenance  operations  and  downtime  reductions  in  many  cases  essentially  today  is?  it  stretches  across  inbound  logistics,  actual  production,  warehouse  management,  productrelated  processes  outbound  logistics  and  transportation  and  obviously  maintenance  and  services.  in  the  rami  4.0  reference  architecture  model  industry  4.0  models  life  cycle  and  value  stream  dimension,  it  even  needs  to  be  included  from  the  development  stage  on  as  the  product  data  model  starts  with  early  data  collection  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  needs  to  be  present  for  finished  product  and  asset  maintenance  as  well.  but  before  getting  there,  do  make  the  case  for  the  costs  you  can  save  and  efficiencies  you  can  gain  by  having  a  holistic  asset  management  approach,  leveraging  iiot  for  predictive  maintenance.  just  doing  the  math  is  often  enough  to  get  buyin.  and  when  you  do  the  math  or  roi  dont  overlook  costs  which  you  might  overlook  such  as  insurance  costs  and  more  obvious  costs  you  face  today  in  any  given  assetrelated  perspective  with  people  and  product  as  assets,  which  essentially  means  pretty  much  everything  you  do.  top
__label__assetoperationsoptimization how  realtime  analytics  is  used  to  increase  or  monitor  the  performance  of  machines  and  equipment.  enterprises  awash  in  realtime  video  and  audio  data  take  stanley  black  deckers  new  service  optimizes  equipment  and  prevents  costly  downtime  at  dusty  how  one  firm  is  building  the  refinery  of  the  future  by  relying  on  predictive  otis  elevator  is  leading  the  way  in  iot  connectivity  with  the  worlds  original  autonomous  daikin,  the  worlds  largest  heating,  ventilation  and  air  conditioningcompany,  is  making  climate  control  smarter  through  realtime  iot  and  weather  forecast  utilities  can  now  test  new  services  on  combined  communications  networking  and  power  grid  infrastructure  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization avoid  pitfalls  and  learn  from  as  a  designer  and  builder  of  some  of  the  worlds  most  sensitive  and  critical  filtration  systems,  ionex  implemented  a  way  to  document  their  supply  iot  technology  can  provide  realtime  views  into  security  guards  locations  at  all  times  across  a  wellknown  country  how  miamidades  water  utility  is  using  cloud  ad  iot  analytics  to  manage  the  wastewater  management  for  a  community  of  how  a  manufacturer  used  statistical  process  control  software  to  reduce  scrap  and  rework  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization try  these  quick  links  to  visit  popular  site  sections  by  signing  in,  you  agree  to  our  .  forgot  your  intel  or  ?  do  you  work  for  intel?  .  dont  have  an  intel  account?  for  a  basic  account.  the  browser  version  you  are  using  is  not  recommended  for  this  site.  please  consider  upgrading  to  the  latest  version  of  your  browser  by  clicking  one  of  the  following  links.  solution  brief:  hannover  messe,  intel  and  its  solution  partners  demonstrate  how  smart  manufacturing  iot  solutions  like  asset  solutions  built  on  intel  processor  based  platforms  reduce  operating  expenses  and  increase  revenue.  from  smart  cities,  homes,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  classrooms  to  energy  management  and  wearable  devices,  see  what  iot  can  do  for  you.  transwiseway  discusses  its  intel  architecturebased  solution  that  could  help  improve  driving  conditions.  smart  stadiums  will  use  the  intel  iot  platform  to  optimize  everything  from  the  fan  experience  to  operations  while  delivering  realtime  insight  to  operators.  jun.  2016  iberdrola  shares  how  their  klondike  wind  power  projects  benefit  from  digitized  work  orders.  remote  computer  management  with  intel  active  management  technology  allows  you  to  control  your  companys  devices  anywhere.  beckhoff  industrial  solutions  are  next  generation  industrial  technologies  that  enable  endtoend  factory  connectivity.  aug.  2015
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  world  of  objects  from  fitness  trackers  to  roadways,  from  refrigerators  to  industrial  machinery  embedded  with  sensors  transmitting  information  over  the  internet,  allowing  them  to  communicate  with  each  other  and  with  us.  soon,  billions  of  these  devices  will  generate  an  unimaginably  vast  amount  of  data.  advanced  analytics  software  can  mine  this  data  for  true  business  insight.  according  to  harnessing  the  internet  of  things,  a  forbes  insights  white  paper  sponsored  by  pitney  bowes,  businesses  that  develop  and  adopt  an  iot  strategy  now  will  be  better  poised  to  use  this  insight  to  improve  operations  and  decision
__label__assetoperationsoptimization making.  what  type  of  information  can  organizations  glean  from  the  iot?  according  to  the  white  paper,  iot  users  can  learn:  .  consider  the  barcode  as  a  first  step  in  this  id.  today,  the  barcode  on  a  can  of  soda  can  tell  you  who  manufactured  the  it.  the  barcode  typically  cannot  tell  you  which  plant  bottled  it,  in  what  supermarket  its  being  sold,  or  the  demographics  of  that  stores  consumers.  unique  identifiers  enabled  thought  the  iot  can  provide  this  type  of  information.  .  sensors  can  record  temperature,  humidity,  speed,  pressure,  usage  and  other  variables  that  are  otherwise  difficult  to  track  remotely.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  capability  gives  users  insight  into  how  their  farflung  assets  are  faring,  and  what  attention  they  may  need.  once  properly  analyzed,  information  on  an  objects  unique  identity  and  its  status  can  help  organizations  optimize  operations,  make  better  business  decisions  and  even  disrupt  industries.  the  iots  ability  to  help  is  particularly  important  in  the  industrial  arena.  here,  the  iot  allows  dynamic  scheduling  to  improve  capacity  planning,  job  size,  operator  availability,  fleet  size  and  location.  this  capability  can  increase  productivity  and  revenue.  for  example,  the  iot  can  alert  a  manufacturer  when  a  machine  needs  to  be  serviced,  helping  that  company  avoid  costly
__label__assetoperationsoptimization breakdown  repairs  and  accompanying  downtime.  analyzing  data  from  the  iot  also  enables  .  data  helps  organizations  get  to  know  their  customers  better.  with  this  knowledge,  organizations  can  begin  to  differentiate  both  their  marketing  strategies  and  their  offerings  to  increase  sales.  some  organizations  will  even  use  the  iot  to  .  new  technologies  traditionally  help  break  down  barriers  into  previously  stable  markets.  business  disruptors  typically  enjoy  an  immediate  competitive  advantage  because  they  wont  have  any  legacy  systems  or  processes  to  overcome.  consider  an  auto  insurance  company  that  uses  the  iot  for  real  time  risk  management.  it  can  immediately  analyze  information  on  traffic
__label__assetoperationsoptimization conditions,  weather  conditions  and  crime  rates,  helping  consumers  buy  micro  policies  based  on  very  specific  needs.  this  insurer  could  disrupt  industry  models  by  writing  policies  for  acts  as  specific  as  driving  into  london  or  parking  overnight  in  new  york.  location  intelligence  is  significant  to  any  iot  strategy.  every  object  in  the  physical  world  is  located  somewhere,  and  information  on  that  location  is  important  if  businesses  are  to  contextualize  objects  connected  to  the  iot.  having  sensors  and  analytics  alert  you  to  a  problem  with  a  piece  of  equipment  is  useless  if  you  cant  tell  where  that  equipment  is  located.  pitney  bowes
__label__assetoperationsoptimization offers  an  array  of  location  intelligence  software  and  services  to  help  organizations  visualize  objects  in  context.  to  learn  more  about  how  to  develop  an  iot  strategy,  download  this  forbes  insights  white  paper,  sponsored  by  pitney  bowes:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  use  of  advanced  analytics  and  ai  helps  optimize  production  processes.  when  factories  are  instrumented  through  the  iot,  available  data  surges.  in  a  digital  factory,  operators  can  use  data  insights  to  identify  potential  production  losses  and  act  to  balance  quality,  cost  and  throughput.  the  result?  fewer  disruptions,  less  waste  and  higher  yield.  let  ibm  consultants  show  you  how  to  improve  operational  efficiency  and  effectiveness.  prevent  production  delays,  reduce  equipment  breakdowns,  improve  overall  equipment  effectiveness  and  monitor  equipment  availability  and  performance.  predict  plant  performance  variations  with  cloudbased  machine  learning  that  continuously  builds  on  data  generated  by  plant  processes;  analyze  waste  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization inefficiencies.  with  insights  from  ai,  you  can  make  decisions  that  help  reduce  downtime,  overtime  and  unplanned  maintenance  to  drive  factory  4.0  transformation.  use  ai  to  analyze  sources  of  scrap,  waste  and  inefficiencies  while  prescribing  remedies  that  optimize  energy  usage.  uses  ai  to  predict  and  pinpoint  production  losses  and  prescribe  best  actions  that  can  be  taken  by  plant  staff  to  optimize  throughput,  cost  and  quality.  start  your  proofofconcept  for  as  little  as  usd  999.  ibm  and  loreal  are  taking  on  an  industry  4.0  transformation  with  the  internet  of  things.  ibm  and  honda  rd  usewatson  iot  tools  to  unlock  hidden  insights  buried
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  huge  amounts  of  data.  reduce  dependency  on  manual  inspections,  identify  quality  defects  sooner  and  respond  in  real  time.  improve  operational  reliability  with  predictive  maintenance  and  asset  performance  management.  use  ai  and  analytics  to  extend  asset  lifecycles  and  reduce  maintenance  costs  for  businesses  with  iot  connected  devices.  we  have  a  vast  portfolio  of  capabilities,  services,  and  products  to  help  jumpstart  your  transformation  journey.  click  below  for  two  places  to  start.  follow  us  follow  us
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  recent  years,  we  have  seen  substantial  developments  in  sectors  like  consumer  technologies,  home  automation  or  energy  management,  within  which  the  idea  of  smart  watches,  smart  homes  or  smart  grid  has  revolutionized  the  way  we  interact  with  the  world.  we  are  witnessing  a  similar  transformation  in  the  industrial  world,  with  the  rise  of  the  smart,  digital  concept  such  as  smart  factories.  this  specific  version  of  the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  industrial  iot,  is  slowly  starting  to  outgrow  its  buzzwordphase.  it  is  put  into  action  by  big  players  in  the  market  such  as  general  electric  or  cisco,  as  it  provides
__label__assetoperationsoptimization them  with  immense  opportunities  to  grow  their  business.  companies  start  realizing  that  the  iiot  could  be  their  magic  tool,  opening  up  new  perspectives  and  empowering  them  to  establish  themselves  as  the  industry  leaders.  according  to  a  recent  research  report,  the  iiot  market  is  expected  to  reach  151.01  billion  dollars  by  2020.  the  ,  where  most  of  the  players  bet  on  raising  their  standards  through  improving  operational  efficiency  and  reducing  maintenance  cost.  however,  there  is  still  a  lot  of  potential  to  be  revealed.  leading  manufacturing  countries  such  as  the  u.s.,  china,  and  india  are  still  expected  to  break  further  into  blossom
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  deploy  smart  manufacturing  technologies  to  increase  this  sectors  contribution  to  their  national  gdps.  ensuring  maximal  use  of  asset  lifecycles  is  a  top  priority  for  businesses  that  want  to  improve  competitive  advantage  and  customer  value  in  the  face  of  the  current  digitization  of  the  industry.  in  order  to  make  this  possible,  manufacturers  are  yet  to  explore  the  vast  potential  of  the  information  hidden  within  the  industrial  internet  of  things.  it  is  the  key  to  fully  understanding  our  industrial  environment  and  improving  the  quality  of  operational  processes.  through  interconnected  assets,  innovative  networking  technologies  and  analytics,  the  iiot  enables  industrial  companies  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization generate,  collect,  exchange  and  act  upon  the  analysis  of  large  amounts  of  machine  data.  according  to  a  study  by  the  harvard  business  review  during  the  first  years  of  the  iiot,  the  first  manufacturers  to  implement  digitized  processes  and  business  models  experienced  an  increase  in  their  efficiency  by  82  and  managed  to  improve  their  product  quality  and  customer  satisfaction  by  49  and  45,  respectively.  thus,  the  iiot  successfully  prompts  a  change  in  the  mindset  of  businesses  when  it  comes  to  interacting  with  their  customers.  they  can  offer  them  a  better  experience,  as  well  as  save  time  and  offer  their  products  at
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  better  price.  it  is  not  about  completely  altering  form  established  practices  within  an  organisation,  but  rather  adapting  to  the  changing  environment  in  order  to  make  full  use  of  the  advantages  within  the  iiot.  it  is  essential  for  industries  to  learn  the  language  of  data  and  transform  it  into  a  solution,  in  other  words,  leveraging  data  and  using  it  to  execute  better,  faster  and  make  more  precise  decisions.  with  billions  of  devices  already  connected  to  each  other,  as  well  as  an  overwhelming  amount  of  existing  data,  industries  have  yet  to  make  sense  of  all  the  data  gathered  from  different  sources
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  turnit  into  useful  insights  and  predictions.  in  order  to  do  this,  companies  have  to  overcome  the  lack  of  compatibility  within  their  existing  infrastructure.  they  face  the  challenge  of  finding  reliable  software  solutions  and  communications  standards  in  order  to  handle  large  amounts  of  data.  this  is  crucial  because  realtime  data  analyzed  through  smart  algorithms  gathered  from  your  assets  contributes  to  uncovering  necessary  predictions  and  making  your  asset  transparent,  comprehensible  and  easily  manageable.  such  complex  information  allows  manufacturers  to  remotely  monitor  the  conditions  of  their  equipment  and  havethe  flexibility  to  instantly  put  their  knowledge  to  action.  the  correlation  of  different  factors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization such  as  temperature,  vibrations  and  current  are  communicated  through  the  data  gathered.  stored  in  a  secure  cloud,  the  information  helps  discover  malfunctioning  or  distorted  asset  health  in  time.  according  to  recent  research  from  ge  and  accenture,  nearly  90  of  the  industries  surveyed  indicate  that  big  data  analytics  is  at  the  top  of  their  company  priority  list.  the  analysis  of  machine  data  allows  businesses  to  predict  and  plan  maintenance,  eliminating  old  and  slow  practices.  compared  to  reactive  maintenance,  which  follows  the  runtofailure  strategy  and  requires  high  costs  in  case  of  equipment  failure,  predictive  maintenance  provides  a  more  efficient  solution.  applying  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization analysis  based  on  machine  learning  methods  allows  organizations  to  evaluate  the  complete  scenario  of  their  assets  performance  and  get  notified  of  advanced  wear  or  potential  machine  problems.  this  implementation  of  the  iiot  allows  businesses  to  react  immediately,  in  order  to  improve  the  performance  of  their  assets.  avoiding  machine  downtimes  through  predictive  maintenance  helps  businesses  save  billions  of  dollars  each  year.  many  people  will  say:  its  easier  said  than  done.  however,  putting  iiot  trends  into  practice  is  not  as  challenging  as  it  may  look.  a  large  number  of  emerging  companies  offer  a  reliable  solution  for  businesses  assets.  the  complete  process  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization taking  care  of  the  health  of  your  asset  can  be  illustrated  when  looking  at  the  example  of  konux,  a  young  munichbased  iiot  company,  which  offers  an  endtoend  solution  incorporating  hardware  and  software  applications.  smart  sensors  and  artificial  intelligence  support  the  measurement  and  analysis  of  data.  later  in  the  process,  the  customized  frontend  shows  and  highlights  if  the  asset  needs  maintaining  and  sends  alerts  about  potential  threats,  which  will  help  predict  maintenance  and  faster  identify  root  causes  for  failures.  konux  works  with  customers  in  the  manufacturing  as  well  as  the  transportation  sector,  such  as  europes  leading  passenger  and  logistics  company,  deutsche
__label__assetoperationsoptimization bahn.  it  helps  the  railway  giant  digitize  their  infrastructure  by  monitoring  switches  on  highspeed  tracks  nationwide,  thereby  reducing  operational  costs  and  increasing  safety  and  the  quality  of  services.  offering  such  endtoend  solution  helps  businesses  gain  specific  insights  and  gives  them  a  clear  vision  for  the  future.  nevertheless,  there  is  still  a  lot  to  be  unveiled  in  this  rapidly  changing  industrial  environment.  but  one  thing  is  for  sure,  implementing  iiot  trends  will  significantly  transform  your  business  and  put  you  at  the  forefront  of  the  industrial  revolution.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  badge  earner  has  demonstrated  basic  knowledge  how  to  optimize  operations  with  ai,  via  two  entry  tactics  ,  production  optimization  and  quality  insights  this  course  is  restricted  to  ibm  employees  and  business  partners.  please  submit  a  ticket  to  the  for  badge  questions.  for  questions  related  to  your  acclaim  badge  earner  account  and  profile,  as  well  as  issues  related  to  claiming  your  badge  after  receiving  a  notification,  go  to  .  for  general  inquiries  related  to  the  ibm  digital  badge  program,  contact  .for  frequently  asked  questions  about  the  ibm  digital  badge  program  click  here.  this  link  contains  a  great  faq  that  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  replicate  for  internal  only  badges.  more  about  the  ibm  open  badge  program  ibm  has  established  an  to  recognise  our  employees  significant  achievements  and  skills  attainment.  ibm  credentials  are  recognized,  respected  and  valued  globally  in  the  it  industry.  this  program  will  enable  you  to  easily  and  quickly  share  verified  proof  of  your  achievement  both  within  ibm  and  externally.  where  applicable,  your  ibm  credentials  will  be  represented  by  a  digital  image  that  contains  verified  metadata  describing  your  qualifications  and  the  rigorous  process  necessary  to  earn  them.  badge  privacy  statement  notice:  ibm  leverages  the  services  of  credlys  acclaim  platform,  a  3rd  party
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  processor  authorized  by  ibm  and  located  in  the  united  states,  to  assist  in  the  administration  of  the  ibm  digital  badge  program.  in  order  to  issue  you  an  ibm  digital  badge,  your  personal  information  name,  email  address,  and  badge  earned  will  be  shared  with  the  credlys  acclaim  platform.  you  will  receive  an  email  notification  from  acclaim  with  instructions  for  claiming  the  badge.  your  personal  information  is  used  to  issue  your  badge  and  for  program  reporting  and  operational  purposes.  it  will  be  handled  in  a  manner  consistent  with  ibm  privacy  practices.  the  ibm  privacy  statement  can  be  viewed  here:  https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/.  ibm
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  multinational  pharma  plant  that  produces  innovative  drugs  wanted  a  unified  solution  to  make  its  manufacturing  operations  more  efficient.  like  many  pharma  manufacturing  plants  that  havent  yet  digitized  their  operations,  the  company  found  that  direct  communication  between  its  departments,  plant  floor  managers,  and  management  was  an  ongoing  challenge.  as  an  example,  the  customers  management  operations  department  wanted  to  improve  the  existing  production  processes  with  a  more  digital  and  collaborative  flow  of  information,  and  painlessly  connect  plant  systems  to  streamline  information  flows  and  integrate  plant  operations.  that  required  connecting  erp,  mes,  scada,  lims,  and  mhs  systems  as  well  as  legacy  systems,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization financial  data,  energy  data  and  unstructured  data.  they  needed  to  capture  detailed  data  from  the  shop  floor  in  real  time,  in  order  to  proactively  resolve  any  issues.  the  pharma  company  envisioned  a  solution  where  it  could  use  data  analysis,  visual  presentation,  and  what  if  scenarios  to  rapidly  make  decisions,  then  execute  those  decisions  directly  back  into  plant  processes  to  achieve  the  desired  outcome.  the  dac  digital  plant  solution  spans  multiple  facilities,  integrating  plant  operations  across  disparate  systems  and  processes.  the  solutions  main  workspace  is  a  virtual  control  room  that  provides  a  single  point  of  management  and  control  for  all  manufacturing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization operations.  the  virtual  control  room  is  driven  by  data  and  systems  from  multiple  plants  and  facilities,  visualized  on  a  series  of  pages  representing  different  manufacturing  areas.  using  the  dac  solution,  managers  and  operators  can  leverage  all  of  the  structured  and  unstructured  data  coming  from  the  existing  systems  and  from  the  field  within  a  unified  environment.  dac  digitally  reproduces  the  entire  production  value  chain  from  planning  to  shipping  while  controlling  quality,  warehousing,  packaging,  and  other  steps  in  the  supply  chain  and  manufacturing  process.  if  a  problem  arises,  the  team  collaborates  around  specific  data  points  and  makes  decisions  quickly  using  the  solutions
__label__assetoperationsoptimization builtin  tools  to  analyze  data  and  perform  what  if  simulations.  the  team  can  easily  share  information  across  all  stages  of  operations,  as  well  as  automatically  schedule  and  execute  plant  processes,  operations,  and  problem  resolution  in  a  native  collaboration  environment.  the  pharma  customer  reports  significant  cost  savings  and  improvements  in  plant  operations  as  a  result  of  implementing  the  dac  solution.  the  company  has  realized  major  benefits  such  as:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization internet  of  things  vele  galovski  in  our  post  driving  service  efficiency  in  the  age  of  iot  ,  we  highlighted  the  most  common  application  for  smart,  connected  products:  service  efficiency.  however,  this  narrow  focus  limited  the  return  on  investment  for  many  suppliers,  leaving  many  to  wonder  what  the  iot  internet  of  things  buzz  was  all  about.  the  next  step  on  the  remote  services  continuum,  process  optimization,  places  more  emphasis  on  the  customer,  which  leads  to  better  results  for  everyone.  tsia  defines  process  optimization  as:  providing  remote  monitoring,  predictive  maintenance,  and  automated  support  before  equipment  fails.  combining  technology,  people,  and  process  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization provide  services  regardless  of  location.  also  includes  the  collection  and  analysis  of  data  to  identify  new  features  and  value  added  services  that  help  customers  achieve  and  maintain  a  level  of  operation.  so,  where  service  efficiency  focuses  on  making  the  onsite  incident  quick  and  effective,  process  optimization  looks  to  eliminate  the  unplanned,  onsite  incident  altogether.by  collecting  data  to  monitor  key  components,  get  performance  feedback,  and  ,  suppliers  are  able  to  dramatically  increase  product  utilization  by:  a  from  the  enterprise  hardware  industry  incorporated  automated  service,  selfhelp,  and  assisted  support  technology  as  part  of  a  new  product  launch  with  some  impressive  results:  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization member  success  story  is  a  logical  extension  of  service  efficiency,  since  it  is  focused  on  the  suppliers  product.  although  the  improvement  in  product  utilization  was  well  received  by  customers,  as  illustrated  by  the  phenomenal  growth  in  product  placements,  this  member  has  yet  to  achieve  the  other  objective  of  process  optimization,  which  is  to  use  the  collected  data  to  enable  valueadded  services.  so,  what  happens  when  companies  expand  their  focus  beyond  the  performance  of  their  own  product  to  that  of  customer  performance?  a  great  example  of  improving  product  utilization  and  enabling  valueadded  services  is  schindler  elevator  and  their  port  personal  occupant
__label__assetoperationsoptimization requirement  terminal  technology.  for  over  100  years,  elevator  manufacturers  have  sold,  installed,  and  serviced  elevators.  they  have  improved  the  product  to  the  point  that  an  elevator  attendant  is  no  longer  required,  causing  the  end  user  to  take  for  granted  that  they  will  get  to  the  right  floor  safe  and  sound,  simply  by  pushing  a  button.  for  many  manufacturers,  this  is  where  the  story  ends.  however,  schindler  looked  at  the  process  from  the  customers  perspective.  building  owners  and  facility  managers  have  these  highly  advanced  elevators  in  their  buildings  without  any  overarching  method  to  improve  the  end  user  experience  or  to  operate
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  elevators  more  efficiently.  schindler  filled  this  void  with  their  port  technology,  and  the  data  collected  from  the  operation  of  the  elevators  helped  building  owners  and  facility  managers:  schindler  is  now  on  their  4  generation  of  destination  dispatch  technology  and  they  continue  to  find  new  valueadded  services  that  go  beyond  the  of  a  product.  every  sales  manual  in  the  world  sings  the  praises  of  consultative  selling  and  its  focus  on  improving  customer  outcomes  instead  of  reciting  a  list  of  product  features.  beyond  being  a  good  way  to  sell  more  products,  placing  the  improvement  of  customer  outcomes  at  the  center  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization an  integrated  strategy  with  the  development  of  smart,  connected  products  can  reinvent  technology  companies.for  example:  where  is  this  all  heading?  at  the  end  of  2013,  tsia  published  a  book  titled  b4b:  how  technology  and  big  data  are  reinventing  the  customersupplier  relationship  .  tsia  has  seen  a  growing  list  of  product  companies  that  historically  only  offered  traditional  productattach  services  level  2  offers  that  are  now  delivering  services  that  help  customers  accelerate  their  adoption  of  technology  level  3  offers,  or  commit  to  helping  customers  achieve  specific  business  outcomes  level  4  offers.  as  customers  continue  to  insist  on  suppliers  moving  towards  a  level
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 3  and  level  4  supplier  model,  finding  new  ways  to  save  customers  money  and  improve  their  business  outcomes  will  determine  the  longterm  success  of  technology  companies.  a  bit  of  a  warning  to  product  companies  that  are  focused  on  service  efficiency  and  process  optimization:  someone  will  help  customers  achieve  specific  business  outcomes,  either  current  competitors  or  new  entrants.  these  new  entrants  dont  play  by  the  same  rules,  are  unencumbered  by  legacy  product  definitions  and  entrenched  ways  of  competing,  have  no  historical  profit  pools  to  protect,  and  are  open  to  seize  full  potential  to  capture  value.  these  new  entrants  also  see  software
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  connects  products  as  the  core  advantage,  not  the  product  itself.  the  topic  of  our  next  post  in  this  industrial  equipment  blog  series  will  be  how  product  companies  can  leverage  iot  to  integrate  information,  people,  and  processes  to  improve  a  customers  business  outcomes.  read  more  posts  in  the  series:  research  report  is  vice  president  of  research,  ,  for  tsia.  using  his  nearly  30  years  of  industry  experience,  he  has  consistently  helped  companies  both  large  and  small  drive  doubledigit  topline  growth  with  a  proven  retain,  gain,  and  grow  strategy.  vele  has  also  written  a  book,  ,  which  describes  a  holistic  approach
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  management  based  on  ambitious  goal  setting,  data  driven  analysis,  skillful  prioritization,  inspiring  leadership,  and  the  lost  art  of  employee  engagement.  ,  is  director,  industrial  services  research,  for  tsia,  as  well  as  a  teacher  in  a  mba  program  for  sales  and  service  engineering  at  furtwangen  university,  germany.  his  focus  is  chiefly  on  services  in  industrial  automation,  equipment,  instruments  and  technology  companies.  he  has  20  years  of  experience  in  the  areas  of  research,  consulting  and  management  in  industrial  services,  supply  chain  management,  and  itmanagement  in  industrial  equipment,  automotive  and  enterprise  it  industries.  the  technology  services  industry  association  tsia  is  dedicated  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization optimize  design  to  improve  product  performance  and  enduser  experience  conduct  advanced  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  reduce  operating  cost  and  extend  product  life  explore,  experiment,  create  and  refine  solutions  from  ideations  to  validation  monitor  and  track  every  step  of  processes  gain  more  control  over  devices  and  improve  customer  care  be  proactive  while  optimizing  performance,  security  and  availability  manage  devices  and  data  in  commercial  buildings  to  drive  additional  value  for  energy  and  facilities  management  improve  service,  trust,  and  ease  of  use  of  your  products  optimize  performance  of  both  industrial  equipment  and  consumer  devices  simplifies  digital  services  to  your  beverage  products  and  push
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  limit  of  fluid  delivery  optimize  operations,  enable  predictive  maintenance,  an  find  new  business  opportunities  seamlessly  connecting  users,  vehicles  and  services  to  deliver  an  extraordinary  experience  provides  improved  communication,  control,  and  data  distribution  transform  the  care  and  treatment  of  the  way  your  hospital  operates  securely  transform  your  business  by  connecting  and  streamlining  operations  tom  mills,  president  we  relied  heavily  on  altairs  features  to  deliver  a  defectfree,  highquality  product  on  time,  within  budget.  ral  gil  garca,  business  development  manager  altair  was  the  perfect  partner  to  launch  energy  smart  generation.  rafael  gil,  cio  we  selected  altair  because  in  just  3  months  we
__label__assetoperationsoptimization were  able  to  deploy  a  complete  solution.  altairs  digital  twin  is  the  convergence  of  engineering  simulation,  machine  learning,  and  inservice  data  from  smart,  connected  products  through  an  endtoend  iot  infrastructure.  it  allows  exploration  of  design,  operation  decisions  and  drives  performance  optimization.  in  over  30  years,  altair  has  developed  a  deep  knowhow  for  enterprise  solutions  through  software  development  and  services  across  industries.  solution  designed  to  scale  from  ideation  to  optimization,  has  flexible  licensing,  and  is  supported  by  a  growing  global  partner  ecosystem.  architected  as  an  open  platform  that  can  adapt  and  complement  your  existing  technology  ecosystem.  research,  problem  solving  and  humancentered
__label__assetoperationsoptimization solutions  technologies  to  design  and  optimize  high  performance,  efficient  and  innovative  products  access,  optimize  and  control  hpc  and  cloud  resources  enable,  connect,  and  manage  devices  and  optimize  business  performance  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  to  learn  about  product  training,  news,  events,  and  more  altair  and  our  resellers  need  the  contact  information  you  provide  to  us  to  contact  you  about  our  products  and  services.  you  may  unsubscribe  from  these  communications  at  anytime.  for  information  on  how  to  unsubscribe,  as  well  as  our  privacy  practices  and  commitment  to  protecting  your  privacy,  check  out  our
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  internet  of  things  iot  has  become  a  mainstream  business  driver.  but  how  are  leaders  approaching  implementation?  explore  key  insights  from  our  2019  iot  signals  research  into  the  increasingly  important  role  of  iot.  iot  is  the  gateway  to  business  transformation,  creating  significant  opportunity  for  companies.  while  of  companies  credit  iot  as  critical  to  their  success,  it  is  one  of  a  series  of  catalytic  innovations  that  are  creating  connected  businesses:  connected  endpoints  across  sales,  products,  and  physical  assets  give  leaders  unprecedented  visibility  into  their  businesses  and  new  insights  into  how  to  optimize  operational  efficiency,  innovate,  increase  workplace  safety,  save  energy,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization more.  but  how  prevalent  is  the  implementation  of  these  iot  initiatives?  in  a  survey  of  more  than  3,000  iot  decision  makers  in  enterprise  organizations,  85  percent  of  decision  makers  have  adopted  iot,  and  74  percent  have  projects  in  the  use  phase.  we  heard  from  businesses  adopting  iot  that  they  believe  they  will  see  a  30  roi  on  their  iot  projects  going  forward.  however,  as  iot  matures,  there  are  three  key  obstacles  that  companies  must  address:  security  threats,  project  complexity,  and  the  growing  skills  gap.  concerns  not  hindering  adoption  nearly  all  companies  97  percent  have  security  concerns  when  adopting  iot.  but,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  implementation  on  the  riseparticularly  among  critical  industries  like  healthcaresecurity  must  be  addressed  from  the  beginning  for  both  devices  and  networks.  internet  connectivity  is  a  twoway  street.  its  more  important  than  ever  to  address  security  in  every  layer  because  iot  devices  provide  digital  access  to  home  and  work  networks  and  the  sensitive  data  stored  there.  networklevel  security  device  tracking  and  management  endpoint  security  industrial  iot  in  action  there  will  be  more  than  20  billion  connected  devices  by  2020,  but  iot  is  more  than  just  your  smart  speaker  and  thermostat.  connected  devices  have  the  ability  to  save  energy  in  smart  buildings,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization improve  the  flow  of  traffic  in  congested  cities,  increase  crop  yields,  prevent  equipment  failures  on  a  factory  floor,  and  power  medical  breakthroughs.  companies  adopt  commercial  iot  for  operations  optimization  56  percent,  followed  by  employee  productivity  47  percent,  and  safety  and  security  44  percent.  no  industry  has  seen  the  benefits  of  iot  more  than  manufacturing,  where  the  intersection  of  equipment  monitoring  and  remote  command  comes  together  with  big  data  and  advanced  analytics.  operational  cost  reduction,  agile  production  implementation,  and  improved  worker  safety  are  just  a  few  reasons  why  manufacturing  has  been  quicker  to  embrace  iot  than  other  industries.  meet  dave,  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization decision  maker  at  a  golf  club  manufacturing  company,  where  he  uses  iot  to  ensure  the  quality  of  their  golf  club  heads  as  theyre  being  produced  by  vendors.  he  believes  iot  is  critical  to  success.  lets  take  a  look  at  his  process  and  where  iot  comes  into  playnow  and  in  the  future.  create  a  concept  and  specs  for  a  new  golf  club  head.  send  specs  to  overseas  vendors  to  produce  a  test  batch.  test  the  batch  for  durability  and  performance  quality  using  realtime  data  via  connected  machines  at  vendor  sites.  using  production  equipment  containing  sensors  to  determine  maintenance  needs,  vendor  partners
__label__assetoperationsoptimization produce  the  club  heads  and  send  for  final  assembly.  ship  final  products  to  customers  and  sellers  using  inventory  tracking  sensors.  despite  its  rapid  adoption,  iot  is  not  without  challenges.  even  when  iot  is  adopted,  the  same  adversities  can  hinder  success.  the  opportunity  is  vast  for  businesses  to  get  ahead,  but  the  skills  gap  must  be  prioritized  for  iot  to  realize  its  true  potential.  go  social  hello  from  seattle.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization brazil  china  japan  korea  taiwan  germany  austria  russia  switzerland  ready  for  manufacturing  4.0?  optimize  productivity,  uptime  and  quality  gains  with  ai  and  ml.  introducing  the  vsp  5000  series,  the  worlds  fastest  nvme  flash  storage  array.  read  this  commissioned  study  to  learn  how  to  achieve  an  roi  of  108,  with  a  payback  period  of  nine  months.  read  the  latest  blog  posts  from  leaders  at  hitachi  vantara  and  stay  up  to  date  on  trends  and  news.  aws  re:invent  2019  get  partner  information  you  need,  including  product  news,  big  conversations,  training  and  tools.  learn  how  hitachi  vantara  and  disney  parks  turn  data  into
__label__assetoperationsoptimization even  more  magic.  accelerate  your  internet  of  things  iot  journey  with  datadriven  innovation  from  the  global  leader  in  ot  and  it.  speed  the  path  to  new  levels  of  businessfocused  insights  and  enhance  your  operational  productivity  with  solutions  that  unify  the  physical  and  digital  worlds.  build  your  iot  success  on  our  foundation  of  100  years  developing  operational  technologies  and  50  years  creating  it  innovation  and  solutions.  data  is  the  key  to  successfully  improving  productivity  and  operational  efficiency  with  iot  solutions.  a  majority  of  surveyed  executives  say  that  iot  is  a  major  contributor  to  their  business.  blend  data  from  the  physical  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization digital  worlds  for  expanded  services  in  smart  spaces.  iot  solutions  prevent  downtimes,  optimize  costs  and  increase  revenues.  optimize  maintenance  and  repair  operations  with  proven  iot  applications.  industrial  iot  outcomes  on  your  terms:  secure,  onpremises  and  multicloud.  use  powerful  insights  to  inform  decisions  and  improve  smart  spaces.  iotbased  insights  to  enhance  safe,  efficient  and  ontime  transit  operations.  the  manufacturing  solutions  video  walks  viewers  through  hitachis  solution,  which  provides  multivariate...  with  a  peoplefirst  motto,  the  state  of  andhra  pradesh,  strives  to  provide  an  agile  and  efficient...  view  this  video  for  a  quick  look  at  lumada  maintenance  insights  offerings,  including  repair  recommendations...  hitachi
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vantara  corporation  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  hitachi  data  systems,  pentaho  and  hitachi  insight  group  have  merged  into  one  company:  the  result?  more  datadriven  solutions  and  innovation  from  the  partner  you  can  trust.  rean  cloud  is  now  a  part  of  the  result?  robust  datadriven  solutions  and  innovation,  with  industryleading  expertise  in  cloud  migration  and  modernization.  this  site  uses  cookies  from  hitachi  and  third  parties  for  our  own  business  purposes  and  to  personalize  your  experience.  by  using  this  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  for  more  information,  visit  .
__label__assetoperationsoptimization close  menu  button  menu  button  return  to  previous  button  this  will  navigate  you  to  accenture.com  sign  in  page.  current  country:  united  states  a  global  mining  contractor  used  analytics  and  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  increase  minesite  efficiency,  cut  costs  and  improve  operations.  complicating  matters  was  the  fact  that  the  company  had  a  growing  volume  of  operational  data  that  it  could  draw  on  to  drive  efficienciesbut  understanding,  interpreting  and  acting  on  that  data  was  a  slow,  difficult  process.  the  company  needed  a  solution  to  identify,  analyze  and  address  obstacles  to  mining  productivity.  specifically,  it  wanted  to  use  its  it  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  improve  minesite  efficiency,  with  a  focus  on  hauling  management.  to  optimize  the  hauling  of  materials  from  mines,  the  company  created  a  system  that  uses  iot,  analytics  and  machine  learning  to  collect  and  analyze  heavy  equipment  data.  the  system  then  recommends  actions  in  key  process  areas,  including:  truck  sensors  capture  vibration  and  movement,  and  then  send  alerts  to  maintenance  teams  to  inform  them  of  roadway  areas  requiring  urgent  attention.  a  new  dashboard  provides  maintenance  schedule  recommendations  based  on  truck  health,  part  readiness  and  manpower  availability.  an  inventory  management  systemsupported  by  predictive  analyticsmonitors  fuel  and  parts  inventory  levels  for  future  maintenance
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  operations.  with  accentures  help,  an  innovative  system  is  now  in  place  that  delivers  actionable  insights  to  help  the  company  better  manage  people  and  equipment,  prioritize  tasks,  and  rapidly  respond  to  changing  conditions.  key  outcomes  include:  700  more  than  700  users  now  have  near  realtime  access  to  key  metrics  about  mine  operations.  10  iot  and  predictive  analytics  provide  performance  insights  that  have  prolonged  component  life  by  10  percent.  5  realtime  visibility  into  operations  and  actionable  recommendations  have  allowed  the  speed  of  hauling  to  increase  by  5  percent.  11  operational  improvements  made  possible  with  the  new  system  have  reduced  overall  truckhauling
__label__assetoperationsoptimization costs  by  11  percent.  merging  mobile,  cloud  and  analytics  to  effectively  manage  inpit  mine  operations  combining  advanced  technologies  to  digitally  reinvent  assetintensive  industries  helping  companies  pivot  from  thinking  digital  to  being  digital  at  the  core
__label__assetoperationsoptimization improving  your  odds  of  success  for  large  scale  change  programs  helping  you  embed  technology  where  it  unlocks  the  most  value  for  your  organization  enabling  your  people  to  accelerate  and  sustain  the  change  our  mission  is  to  help  leaders  in  multiple  sectors  develop  a  deeper  understanding  of  the  global  economy.  mckinsey  quarterly  our  flagship  business  publication  has  been  defining  and  informing  the  seniormanagement  agenda  since  1964.  our  85  solutions  leverage  advanced  technology,  proprietary  data,  and  deep  expertise  to  help  clients  in  new  and  exciting  ways  mckinsey  quarterly  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  open  interactive  popup  has  gained  popular  attention  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  five  years  since  we  first  published  on  the  topic,  mckinsey  quarterly  it  has  also  beguiled  executives.  when  physical  assets  equipped  with  sensors  give  an  information  system  the  ability  to  capture,  communicate,  and  process  dataand  even,  in  a  sense,  to  collaboratethey  create  gamechanging  opportunities:  production  efficiency,  distribution,  and  innovation  all  stand  to  benefit  immensely.  while  the  consumers  adoption  of  fitness  bands  and  connected  household  appliances  might  generate  more  media  buzz,  the  potential  for  business  usage  is  much  greater.  research  from  the  mckinsey  global  institute  suggests  that  the  operational  efficiencies  and  greater  market  reach  iot  affords  will  create  substantial  value  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization many  industries.  for  more,  see  the  video  whats  the  one  piece  of  advice  for  a  business  leader  interested  in  the  internet  of  things?  and  to  see  how  experts  believe  the  internet  of  things  will  evolve,  see  .  there  are  many  implications  for  senior  leaders  across  this  horizon  of  change.  in  what  follows,  we  identify  three  sets  of  opportunities:  expanding  pools  of  value  in  global  b2b  markets,  new  levers  of  operational  excellence,  and  possibilities  for  innovative  business  models.  in  parallel,  executives  will  need  to  deal  with  three  sets  of  challenges:  organizational  misalignment,  technological  interoperability  and  analytics  hurdles,  and  heightened  cybersecurity  risks.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iots  impact  is  already  extending  beyond  its  early,  most  visible  applications.  a  much  greater  potential  remains  to  be  tapped.  to  make  the  internet  of  things  more  understandable,  media  coverage  has  often  focused  on  consumer  applications,  such  as  wearable  health  and  fitness  devices,  as  well  as  the  automation  products  that  create  smart  homes.  our  research  reveals  considerable  value  in  those  areas.  yet  the  more  visible  manifestations  of  iots  power  shouldnt  distract  executives  from  a  core  fact:  businesstobusiness  applications  will  account  for  nearly  70  percent  of  the  value  that  we  estimate  will  flow  from  iot  in  the  next  ten  years.  we  believe
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  could  create  as  much  as  11.1  trillion  a  year  globally  in  economic  value  in  nine  different  types  of  physical  settings.  nearly  5  trillion  would  be  generated  almost  exclusively  in  b2b  settings:  factories  in  the  extended  sense,  such  as  those  in  manufacturing,  agriculture,  and  even  healthcare  environments;  work  sites  across  mining,  oil  and  gas,  and  construction;  and,  finally,  offices.  theres  also  a  global  dimension  to  iots  b2b  potential.  emerging  markets,  whose  manufacturingintensive  economies  often  supply  goods  to  final  manufacturers,  will  be  prime  areas  for  iot  adoption.  but  over  the  next  ten  years,  the  total  economic  impact  from  iot  will  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization greater  in  advanced  economies,  given  the  possibility  of  larger  cost  savings  and  higher  adoption  rates  exhibit  1.  however,  an  estimated  38  percent  of  iots  overall  worldwide  value  will  likely  be  generated  in  developing  economies,  and  eventually,  the  number  of  iot  deployments  in  such  markets  could  surpass  those  in  developed  ones.  in  fact,  deployments  in  developing  economies  are  likely  to  exceed  the  global  average  in  worksite  settings  such  as  mining,  oil  and  gas  drilling,  and  construction  and  in  factories.  for  instance,  china,  with  its  large  and  growing  industrial  and  manufacturing  base,  stands  to  reap  major  benefits  not  only  on  the  factory
__label__assetoperationsoptimization floor  but  also  in  product  distribution.  in  fact,  developing  economies  could  leapfrog  the  developed  world  in  some  iot  applications  because  there  are  fewer  legacy  technologies  to  displace.  investing  in  iot  hardwarefrom  sensors  embedded  in  manufacturing  equipment  and  products  to  electronically  tagged  items  along  the  supply  chainis  only  the  starting  point  of  the  value  equation.  the  biggest  competitive  gains  come  when  iot  data  inform  decisions.  our  work  shows  that  most  of  the  new  business  value  will  arise  from  optimizing  operations.  for  example,  in  factories,  sensors  will  make  processes  more  efficient,  providing  a  constant  flow  of  data  to  optimize  workflows  and  staffing:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  systems  can  also  take  the  guesswork  out  of  product  development  by  gathering  data  about  how  products  including  capital  goods  function,  as  well  as  how  they  are  actually  used.  using  data  from  equipment  rather  than  information  from  customer  focus  groups  or  surveys,  manufacturers  will  be  able  to  modify  designs  so  that  new  models  perform  better  and  to  learn  what  features  and  functionality  arent  used  and  should  therefore  be  eliminated  or  redesigned.  by  analyzing  usage  data,  for  example,  a  carmaker  found  that  customers  were  not  using  the  seat  heater  as  frequently  as  would  be  expected  from  weather  data.  that  information  prompted
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  redesign  to  allow  easier  access:  the  carmaker  updated  the  software  for  the  dashboard  touchscreen  to  include  the  seatheater  command.  this  illustrates  another  capability  of  connected  devices:  with  the  ability  to  download  new  features,  these  products  can  actually  become  more  robust  and  valuable  while  in  service,  rather  than  depreciate  in  value.  despite  this  value,  most  data  generated  by  existing  iot  sensors  are  ignored.  in  the  oildrilling  industry,  an  early  adopter,  we  found  that  only  1  percent  of  the  data  from  the  30,000  sensors  on  a  typical  oil  rig  are  used,  and  even  this  small  fraction  of  data  is  not  used
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  optimization,  prediction,  and  datadriven  decision  making,  which  can  drive  large  amounts  of  incremental  value.  iot  can  also  spur  new  business  models  that  would  shift  competitive  dynamics  within  industries.  one  example  is  using  iot  data  and  connectivity  to  transform  the  sale  of  industrial  machinery  and  other  goods  into  a  service.  the  pioneers  of  this  trend  were  jetengine  manufacturers  that  shifted  their  business  model  to  selling  thrust  and  ancillary  services  rather  than  physical  equipment.  now  these  models  are  proliferating  across  industries  and  settings.  transportation  as  a  service,  enabled  by  apps  and  geolocation  devices,  is  encroaching  on  vehicle  sales  and  traditional  distribution
__label__assetoperationsoptimization alike.  manufacturers  of  products  such  as  laser  printers  with  iot  capabilities  are  morphing  into  robust  service  businesses.  iot  makes  these  business  models  possible  in  a  number  of  ways.  first,  the  ability  to  track  when  and  how  physical  assets  are  actually  used  allows  providers  to  price  and  charge  for  use.  second,  the  combined  data  from  all  these  connected  assets  help  a  supplier  to  operate  equipment  much  more  efficiently  than  its  customers  would,  since  its  customers  would  only  have  a  limited  view  of  their  own  equipment  if  they  purchased  and  ran  it  themselves.  furthermore,  analysis  of  iot  data  can  enable  conditionbased,  predictive
__label__assetoperationsoptimization maintenance,  which  minimizes  unplanned  downtime.  this  businessmodel  shift  will  require  product  companies  to  develop  and  flex  their  service  muscles.  product  development,  for  instance,  becomes  service  development,  where  value  is  cocreated  with  customers.  it  wont  be  enough  to  focus  on  the  product  features  customers  will  pay  the  most  for.  developers  will  need  to  understand  the  business  outcomes  their  customers  seek  and  learn  how  to  shape  offerings  to  facilitate  those  outcomes  most  effectively.  service  providers  will  also  have  to  take  on  capacityplanning  functionsincluding  planning  for  peak  usage  and  utilizing  iot  data  to  forecast  demand.  as  with  any  major  technological  shift,  realizing  iots
__label__assetoperationsoptimization potential  will  require  significant  management  attention  not  just  to  new  technical  imperatives  but  also  to  organizational  issues.  iot  will  challenge  traditional  organizational  roles  as  information  technology  becomes  widely  embedded  across  assets,  inventories,  and  operations.  one  focal  point  will  be  the  it  function,  for  the  internet  of  things  requires  it  to  assume  a  transformed  role  that  spans  beyond  computers,  networks,  mobile  devices,  and  data  centers.  instead,  it  will  have  to  join  with  line  managers  to  oversee  iot  systems  that  are  essential  to  improve  both  the  top  and  bottom  lines.  in  retailing,  for  instance,  one  of  the  largest  sources  of  value  could
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  the  sales  lift  that  realtime,  instore  personalized  offers  are  expected  to  deliver.  this  will  require  the  sophisticated  integration  of  data  across  many  sources:  realtime  location  data  the  shoppers  whereabouts  in  a  store,  which  would  link  to  data  from  sensors  in  the  building;  customerrelationshipmanagement  data,  including  the  shoppers  onlinebrowsing  history;  and  data  from  tags  in  the  items  on  display,  telling  the  customer  to  enter  a  specific  aisle,  where  he  or  she  could  use  an  instant  coupon  sent  to  a  phone  to  buy  an  item  previously  viewed  online.  in  short,  information  technology  and  operations  technology  will  converge,  both  technically  and  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization their  metrics  of  success.  as  a  result,  companies  will  have  to  align  their  it  and  operational  leadership  tightly,  though  traditionally  these  functions  tended  to  work  separately  and,  more  often  than  not,  held  each  other  at  arms  length.  beyond  expanding  its  role,  iot  will  challenge  other  notions  of  organizational  responsibilities.  chief  financial,  marketing,  and  operating  officers,  as  well  as  leaders  of  business  units,  will  have  to  be  receptive  to  linking  up  their  systems.  companies  may  need  to  train  employees  in  new  skills,  so  the  organization  can  become  more  analytically  rigorous  and  data  driven.  analytics  experts  and  data  scientists  must  be  connected
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  executive  decision  makers  and  to  optimize  insights  from  the  new  data  with  frontline  managers.  in  some  cases,  the  decision  makers  will  be  algorithms.  when  companies  need  largescale  realtime  actionsuch  as  optimizing  the  control  of  equipment  across  an  entire  factoryiot  systems  will  make  decisions  automatically.  managers  will  monitor  metrics  and  set  policy.  strategies  that  use  iot  data  in  an  effective  way  often  call  for  interoperability.  we  estimate  that  nearly  40  percent  of  the  potential  value,  on  average,  will  require  different  iot  systems  to  communicate  with  one  another  and  to  integrate  data  exhibit  2.  relatively  little  of  that  is  happening  now.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  example,  on  offshore  oil  platforms  today,  components  such  as  pumps  are  often  installed  as  connected  devices,  but  in  a  limited  fashion:  devices  individually  connect  back  to  their  manufacturers,  which  monitor  and  control  machines  and  can  optimize  their  maintenance  and  performance  individually.  however,  data  from  multiple  components  and  systems  must  be  combined  to  identify  more  than  half  of  the  predictable  performance  issues  that  arise  in  daytoday  platform  operations,  including  those  that  could  impact  overall  oilproduction  volumes.  many  large  companies  will  have  enough  market  power  to  specify  that  their  iot  vendors  make  systems  interoperable.  in  some  cases,  this  will  lead  vendors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  choose  common  standards  that  will  ultimately  speed  up  adoption.  in  other  cases,  interoperability  could  also  be  achieved  with  software  platforms  designed  to  combine  data  from  multiple  systems.  that  will  create  new  market  opportunities  for  companies  capable  of  integrating  data  from  diverse  sources.  however,  simply  bringing  data  together  from  different  iot  systems  wont  be  enough.  indeed,  iot  may  exacerbate  many  of  the  challenges  we  have  observed  when  companies  use  big  data.  big  data:  the  next  frontier  for  innovation,  competition,  and  productivity  in  moving  to  a  world  where  iot  is  used  for  prediction  and  optimization,  companies  face  an  analytics  challenge.  theyll
__label__assetoperationsoptimization need  to  develop  or  purchase,  to  customize,  and  then  to  deploy  analytical  software  that  extracts  actionable  insights  from  the  torrent  of  data  iot  will  generate.  and  in  many  cases,  the  algorithms  embedded  in  this  software  will  have  to  analyze  data  streams  in  real  timea  task  many  traditional  analytical  tools  are  not  designed  to  do.  this  offers  another  potential  market  opportunity  for  innovative  software  developers.  the  prospect  of  implementing  the  internet  of  things  should  prompt  even  greater  concern  about  cybersecurity  among  executives.  iot  poses  not  only  the  normal  risks  associated  with  the  increased  use  of  data  but  also  the  vastly  greater
__label__assetoperationsoptimization risks  of  systemic  breaches  as  organizations  connect  to  millions  of  embedded  sensors  and  communications  devices.  each  is  a  potential  entry  point  for  malicious  hackers,  and  the  damage  from  a  breakin  can  be  literally  life  threateningdisrupting  machinecontrol  systems  on  an  oil  rig  or  in  a  hospital,  for  example.  the  same  interoperability  that  creates  operational  efficiency  and  effectiveness  also  exposes  more  of  a  companys  units  to  cyberrisks.  growing  interconnections  among  companies  and  links  with  consumer  devices  will  create  other  challenges  to  the  integrity  of  corporate  networks,  too.  companies  will  need  to  rely  on  the  capabilities  of  vendors  to  mitigate  some  of  these
__label__assetoperationsoptimization risks.  however,  preparing  for  a  revolutionary  change  in  distributed  connectedness  and  computation  will  also  require  a  new  strategic  approach,  which  our  colleagues  have  described  as  digital  resilience.  mckinsey  quarterly  in  other  words,  companies  need  to  embed  methods  of  protecting  critical  information  into  technology  architectures,  businessmodelinnovation  processes,  and  interactions  with  customers.  they  can  start  by  assessing  the  full  set  of  risks  in  an  integrated  way  and  by  creating  an  extensive  system  of  defenses  that  will  be  hard  for  hackers  to  penetrate.  companies  also  need  to  tailor  cybersecurity  protections  to  the  processes  and  information  assets  of  each  of  their  businesses,  which  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization an  iot  world  will  increasingly  be  linked.  given  the  extent  of  the  risks  and  the  crossfunctional  nature  and  significant  cost  of  the  solutions,  progress  will  require  seniorlevel  participation  and  input.  iot  will  soon  become  a  differentiating  factor  in  competition.  senior  leaders  and  board  members  must  take  a  systems  approach  to  address  the  organizational  challenges  and  risks  this  expansion  of  the  digital  domain  will  create.  that  will  allow  companies  to  capture  the  full  range  of  benefits  promised  by  the  internet  of  things.  is  a  director  in  mckinseys  brussels  office;  is  a  partner  at  the  mckinsey  global  institute,  where  is  a  director.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  authors  wish  to  thank  mckinseys  dan  aharon  and  mark  patel  for  their  contributions  to  this  article.  mckinsey  quarterly  please  sign  in  to  print  or  download  this  article.  please  create  a  profile  to  print  or  download  this  article.  create  a  profile  to  get  full  access  to  our  articles  and  reports,  including  those  by  mckinsey  quarterly  and  the  mckinsey  global  institute,  and  to  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  and  email  alerts.  mckinsey  uses  cookies  to  improve  site  functionality,  provide  youwith  a  better  browsing  experience,  and  to  enable  our  partners  to  advertise  to  you.  detailed  information  on  theuse  of  cookies  on  this  site,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  how  you  can  decline  them,  is  provided  in  our  .  by  usingthis  site  or  clicking  on  ok,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies.  select  topics  and  stay  current  with  our  latest  insights
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  badge  earner  has  demonstrated  basic  knowledge  of  how  to  optimize  operations  with  ai,  via  2  entry  tactics  production  optimization  and  quality  insights.  they  have  the  skills  to  be  able  to:  discuss  optimize  operations  with  ai  and  its  capabilities;  determine  solution  benefits  from  a  clients  perspective  clearly  articulate  compelling  value;  present  or  narrate  on  ibm  pov  the  entry  points  to  sell  the  solution  with  defined  tactics;  and  discuss  common  competitors  competitive  offerings.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization enabling  the  internet  of  trusted  things  i  want  to  be  notified  any  time  a  device  is  connected  to  my  network.  i  want  to  know  what  it  is,  where  it  is,  and  how  often  it  is  used.  peter  rucys,  chief  information  security  officer  at  tampa  general  hospital  our  network  is  smart  to  dynamically  onboard  it  devices,  but  this  capability  is  not  extended  to  iot  assets.  manual  onboarding  is  a  real  challenge.  manager,  medical  device  integration  security,  at  a  leading  notforprofit  health  care  system  what  keeps  me  up  at  night?  unprotected,  yet  connected  iot  devices.  and  traditional  endpoint  detection  and  response  edr
__label__assetoperationsoptimization solutions  cannot  protect  such  assets  since  they  require  software  agents.  most  of  our  iot  devices  dont  even  run  a  complete  operating  system.  manager,  medical  device  integration  security,  at  a  leading  notforprofit  health  care  system  today  we  manage  iot  assets  in  a  static  and  manual  way.  its  high  time  for  something  more  sophisticated.  the  capabilities  we  have  in  itautomated  orchestration  with  realtime  monitoring,  reporting,  managing  upgrades,  reprovisioning,  etc.we  want  all  of  that  for  iot  devices.  michael  archuleta,  mba,  chief  information  officer  at  mt.  san  rafael  hospital  capital  planning  and  asset  optimization  would  be  so  much  more  accurate  and  efficient  if  we
__label__assetoperationsoptimization had  good  utilization  metrics.  do  we  really  need  anotherxray  machine,  for  example?  we  dont  really  know,  and  if  data  shows  that  we  dont,  thats  huge.  v  ice  president,  healthcare  technology  management  at  large  catholic,  notforprofit  health  system  when  you  have  a  device  that  is  delivering  rich  services  and  is  subject  to  compliance  requirements,  retiring  it  becomes  much  more  complex  than  simply  unplugging  a  system.  director  of  information  technology  at  a  community  healthcare  district  copyright  2019  all  rights  reserved.  //  //  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  as  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security
__label__assetoperationsoptimization companies  dont  have  iot  problems  they  have  business  problems  1.  production  visibility  2.  higher  operator  productivity  3.  faster  improvement  cycles  4.  reduce  the  cost  of  quality  management  systems  5.  improve  quality  through  continuous  monitoring  6.  increase  machine  utilization  7.  better  facility  management  8.  supply  chain  optimization  getting  started
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  reshaping  a  variety  of  vertical  industries  as  companies  around  the  globe  harness  technology  to  increase  efficiencies  and  cut  costs.  manufacturing  is  one  of  those  verticals;  heres  an  overview  of  five  iot  manufacturing  use  cases.  keeping  assets  up  and  running  has  the  potential  to  significantly  decrease  operational  expenditures,  saving  companies  millions  of  dollars.  with  the  use  of  sensors,  cameras  and  data  analytics,  managers  in  a  range  of  industries  are  able  to  determine  when  a  piece  of  equipment  will  fail  before  it  does.  these  iotenabled  systems  can  sense  warning  signs,  use  data  to  create  maintenance  timelines
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  preemptively  service  equipment  before  problems  occur.  by  leveraging  streaming  data  from  sensors  and  devices  to  quickly  assess  current  conditions,  recognize  warning  signs,  deliver  alerts  and  automatically  trigger  appropriate  maintenance  processes,  iot  turns  maintenance  into  a  dynamic,  rapid  and  automated  task.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  they  are  needed.  the  possibility  to  get  the  right  information  at  the  right  time  will  allow  managers  to  know  which  equipment  needs  maintenance;  maintenance  work  can  be  better  planned;  and  systems  remain  online  while  workers  stay  on  task.  other  potential  advantages  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization predictive  maintenance  include  increased  equipment  lifetime,  increased  plant  safety  and  fewer  accidents  with  negative  environmental  impact.  according  to  a  study  by  infosys  and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university,  85  of  manufacturing  companies  globally  are  aware  of  asset  efficiency  practices,  but  only  15  of  those  surveyed  have  implemented  such  measures  at  a  systematic  level.  the  goal  of  asset  tracking  is  to  allow  an  enterprise  to  easily  locate  and  monitor  key  assets,  including  along  the  supply  chain  e.g.  raw  materials,  final  products  and  containers  to  optimize  logistics,  maintain  inventory  levels,  prevent  quality  issues  and  detect  theft.  this  use  case
__label__assetoperationsoptimization enables  companies  to  connect  disparate  silos  of  operational  data  e.g.  manufacturing,  supplier,  and  logistics  into  unified,  realtime  visibility  across  heterogeneous  systems,  people  and  assets  to  make  faster  and  better  decisions  and  improve  operational  performance.  through  this  use  case,  firms  can  aggregate  and  contextualize  data  from  isolated  manufacturing  systems  and  assets  into  actionable  web  and  mobile  applications  that  provide  rolebased  views  into  key  indicators,  while  also  allowing  drilldown  into  correlated  data  to  diagnose  problems  more  quickly  and  improve  performance.  this  other  use  case  allow  companies  in  the  manufacturing  sector  to  quickly  improve  how  complex  processes  are  monitored,  managed,  optimized,  and  accelerate
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smart  factory  and  industry  4.0  initiatives.  this  can  be  achieved  by  extending  existing  equipment  and  erp/mes  systems  with  connectivity,  interoperability,  mobility  and  crowd  sourced  intelligence.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  page  you  are  looking  for  may  have  been  removed  as  part  of  our  regular  site  maintenance,  had  its  name  changed,  or  is  temporarily  unavailable.  we  invited  you  to  browse  other  content  on  the  .  if  you  feel  you  have  reached  this  page  due  to  an  error,  try  the  following:  subscribe  to  our  newsletters  subscribe  to  our  newsletters
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  a  core  component  of  industrial  transformation  efforts  across  the  globe,  including  industry  4.0  with  its  fourth  industrial  revolution  and  the  industrial  internet  with  the  industrial  internet  consortium  moreover,  manufacturing  isnt  just  the  clear  leader  in  the  industrial  internet  but  it  tops  all  industries  including  the  consumer  iot  space  in  the  broader  iotreality.  according  to  idc  data,  published  early  2017,  the  manufacturing  industry  was  good  for  of  178  billion  in  2016,  which  is  more  than  twice  as  much  than  the  second  largest  vertical  market  in  iot  spend  ,  transportation.  in  the  apej  asia  pacific,  excluding  japan  region,  close  to  one
__label__assetoperationsoptimization third  of  all  iot  spending  hardware,  software,  services  and  connectivity  combined  will  be  for  the  manufacturing  industry  in  2020.  also  in  other  regions,  manufacturing  ranks  first  but  with  slower  market  shares  of  total  iot  spending.  in  the  us,  for  instance,  iot  spend  by  the  manufacturing  industry  will  account  for  approximately  15  percent  of  total  iot  purchases.  the  manufacturing  industry  is  leading  in  the  internet  of  things  for  various  reasons:  some  are  historical,  others  are  related  with  the  socalled  next  industrial  revolution  industry  4.0  and  then  there  are  the  many  uses  cases  and  actual  iot  deployments  that  offer  rapid  return  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization enable  manufacturers  to  realize  from  several  perspectives:  efficiency,  automation,  customercentricity,  competitive  benefits  and  the  advantages  which  are  offered  by  using  data  across  the  manufacturing  value  chain  and  to  tap  into  new  revenue  sources,  a  key  aspect  of  digital  transformation  in  manufacturing.  the  areas  where  iot  is  leveraged  within  a  practical  usage  context  in  2016,  manufacturing  operations  accounted  for  a  total  iot  spend  of  102.5  billion  on  the  mentioned  total  of  178  billion  ,  according  to  the  same  idc  2017  release.  manufacturing  obviously  covers  many  types  of  products,  operations,  processes  and  a  vast  space  of  activities,  components,  machines,  people,  partners,  information
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems  and  so  forth.  it  is  a  long  way  from  raw  materials  to  finished  goods  and  it  is  inevitably  related  with  supply  chains,  logistics  and  transportation  as  well.  its  among  others  in  this  sense  that  the  internet  of  things  almost  by  definition  is  key  for  the  manufacturing  industry  in  an  integrated  approach,  further  including  technologies  such  as  big  data  analytics,  cloud,  robotics  and,  most  importantly  perhaps,  the  integration  of  it  information  technology  and  ot  .  in  few  other  industries  there  are  so  many  opportunities  to  leverage  the  internet  of  things  in  connecting  physical  and  digital,  making  various  assets,  such  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization machines,  other  production  assets  and  the  various  object  in  a  nonproduction  sense,  as  well  as  a  variety  of  product  and  manufacturing  process  parameters  part  of  a  vast  information  network.  this  is  an  important  element  as  with  manufacturing  we  typically  tend  to  think  about  goods  and  products  but  the  bigger  opportunity  for  manufacturers  lies  in  ,  a  service  economy  model  and  the  information  opportunity.  part  of  them  are  to  be  seen  in  the  context  of  the  digital/connected  factory,  others  refer  more  to  facility  and  asset  management  and  still  others  relate  to  components  such  as  safety/security  and  operations/logistics/ecosystems.  last  but  not  least
__label__assetoperationsoptimization there  is  the  customer  preference  and  behavior  part.  below  is  a  list  with  several  iot  use  cases  in  manufacturing  and  their  benefits/realities.  manufacturing  operations  include  the  several  elements  which  are  typical  in  manufacturing  operations  management  mom,  such  as  asset  management,  intelligent  manufacturing,  performance  optimization  and  monitoring,  planning,  human  machine  interaction,  endtoend  operational  visibility  and  these  cyberphysical  systems  as  we  know  them  from  industry  4.0.  in  fact,  are  twins  in  industry  4.0.  iot  spending  in  this  vast  use  case  or  even  set  of  use  cases  is  good  for  over  57  percent  of  all  iot  manufacturing  investments.  it  includes  production  asset  monitoring
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  tracking,  from  location  to  the  monitoring  of  parameters  in  several  areas  such  as  quality,  performance,  potential  damage  or  breakdowns,  bottlenecks,  the  list  goes  on.  on  top  of  performance  and  optimization,  there  is  of  course  also  the  dimension  of  maintenance  as  a  result  and/or  in  a  predictive  way  .  its  clear  that  in  a  manufacturing  industry  setting  also  go  beyond  pure  production  assets.  here  we  leave  the  factory  or  manufacturing  facility  and  go  directly  to  an  important  area  where  manufacturers  are  service  providers.  from  productrelated  services  to  businessrelated  services:  the  field  service  organizations  of  manufacturers  are  important  drivers  of  growth
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and,  obviously,  of  margin.  its  clear  that  information  in  the  hyperconnected  and  hyperaware  digitized  and  iotenabled  manufacturing  ecosystem,  along  with  the  tools  to  plan,  schedule  and  proactively  service,  are  important  differentiators.  in  an  updated  forecast  on  in  june  2017,  idc  predicts  that  manufacturing  will  reach  183  billion  in  2017  from  an  iot  spending  perspective.  production  asset  management  spending  would  reach  45  billion.  safety,  security,  worker  protection  and  productivity  and  the  many  links  between  manufacturing  in  the  strictest  sense  with  connected  services/operations/industries  such  as  transport,  supplier  management  and  so  forth  all  contribute  to  the  vast  iotrelated  manufacturing  solutions.  vehicle  and  asset
__label__assetoperationsoptimization tracking,  connected  factory  applications,  staff  safety  applications,  health  monitoring  realtime,  smart  ventilation  and  air  quality  management,  smart  environmental  measurement,  access  control  security,  smart  measurement  of  presence/levels  of  liquids,  gases,  radiation  and  dangerous  materials  depending  on  the  type  of  operation,  asset  protection,  ,  risk  measurement,  the  list  is  long.  last  but  not  least  there  are  the  several  related  processes  inside  and  outside  the  manufacturing  facility.  production  assets  are  one  thing,  activities  such  as  preparing  for  shipment,  packaging  and  quality  control  of  manufactured  goods  another.  to  a  large  degree  manufacturing  organizations  hereby  become  service  organizations  and  endtoend  transparency  is  crucial.  the  insights
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gained  with  an  integrated  iot  approach  from  the  customer  side  are  also  crucial  and  enable  to  offer  better  products,  quality  and  services.  and  this  brings  us  to  the  key  role  of  data,  in  the  end  the  major  component  needed  to  derive  any  form  of  value  from  sensors,  iotenabled  devices  and  other  things,  also  in  manufacturing.  what  do  manufacturers  do  with  all  the  data  they  acquire  regarding  their  assets  but  also  regarding  customers  and  the  hundreds  of  millions  of  connecting  devices  they  dispose  of  there  were  already  307  million  installed  iot  units  in  april  2015  ?  they  collect,  measure  and  act
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  data  from  iot  devices  in  manufacturing  as  the  pwc  infographic  below  indicates.  the  infographic  it  does  date  from  2015  also  gives  an  overview  of  where  manufacturers  deploy  iot  technology  most:  the  manufacturing  plant  comes  first,  followed  by  respectively  the  warehouse,  the  extended  supply  chain  and  the  customer  site,  where  traditionally  the  manufacturing  services  part  is  high.  when  on  the  iot  market  in  manufacturing  operations  in  2015,  the  mentioned  drivers  were  efficiency  optimization  and  linking  islands  of  automation.  and  that  requires  an  integration  of  processes  and  data,  not  in  the  least  to  also  build  islands  of  monetization  and  innovative  transformation.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  you  can  see  it  distinguishes  between  the  manufacturing  plant,  global  facility  insight  beyond  the  factory  ,  the  customer  site  and  global  operations  with  the  latter  being  divided  into  the  goals  and  benefits  for  management,  rd  and  field  service.  outside  of  the  plant  and  actual  manufacturing  environment  insights  and  production  we  see  the  transmission  of  operational  information  for  those  field  service  engineers  on  customer  sites,  the  overall  value  and  supply  chain  perspective,  thirdparty  logistics  and  the  global  operations  dimension.  ,  bi  intelligence  estimated  that  global  manufacturers  will  invest  70  billion  on  iot  solutions  in  2020  in  2015  they  invested  29
__label__assetoperationsoptimization billion,  the  report  says.  this  is  far  lower  than  what  idc  found  but  remember  that  the  latter  looks  at  hardware,  software,  services  and  connectivity.  bi  intelligence  also  looked  at  benefits  though,  mentioning  research  from  tata  consultancy,  which  indicates  an  average  increase  in  revenues  by  28.5  percent  between  2013  and  2014  for  manufacturers  who  have  internet  of  things  solutions.  top  image:  shutterstock  c  all  other  images  are  the  property  of  their  respective  mentioned  owners.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization these  and  many  other  fascinating  insights  are  from  capgeminis  latest  internet  of  things  iot  study,  .  the  study  can  be  28  pp.,  pdf,  no  optin.  the  catalyst  that  drove  this  study  is  the  challenge  enterprises  are  facing  gaining  greater  value  from  iot.  capgeminis  goals  for  the  study  center  on  learning  where  enterprises  are  moving  to  largescale  iot  adoption  and  the  reasons  why  others  get  stuck  at  the  pilot  stage.  the  study  provides  an  excellent  overview  of  the  most  valuable  use  cases  and  provides  guidance  on  how  to  get  an  operationsbased  iot  strategy  started.  capgemini  interviewed  senior  executives  from  over  300
__label__assetoperationsoptimization global  organizations  who  are  already  implementing  iot  initiatives.  the  research  team  also  analyzed  300  crosssector,  reallife  iot  uses  cases  used  for  internal  operations  spanning  industrial  manufacturing,  retail,  consumer  products,  energy  utilities,  automotive  and  telecommunications,  to  identify  which  ones  have  the  greatest  impact.  for  additional  details  of  the  methodology,  please  see  page  20  of  the  report  .  key  takeaways  from  the  study  include  the  following:  i  am  currently  serving  as  principal,  iqms,  part  of  dassault  systmes.  previous  positions  include  product  management  at  ingram  cloud,  product  marketing  at  ibaset,  plex  sy...
__label__assetoperationsoptimization refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  to  gather  insights  on  the  current  and  future  state  of  iot,  we  talked  to  23  executives  involved  with  iot.  we  asked  them,  what  are  realworld  problems  you,  or  your  clients,  are  solving  with  iot?  heres  who  we  spoke  to:  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__assetoperationsoptimization :  :  :  new  revenue  streams:  in  the  retail  industry,  space  management  is  extremely  important.  it  allows  companies  to  increase  productivity,  reduce  operating  costs  and  increase  financial  performance.  in  stores,  fridges  are  strategically  placed  to  maximize  exposure  and  drive  sales.  but  once  installed,  there  is  no  system  in  place  to  track  their  whereabouts  if  moved.  tracks  the  assets  status  and  location.  in  turn,  manufacturers  can  flag  assets  with  impending  faults  as  well  as  identify  missing  or  misplaced  assets.  dynamic  maps  highlight  the  distribution  of  registered  fridges  as  well  as  the  distribution  of  fridges  sending  events.  drilling  deeper,  users  can  identify
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fridges  that  are  sending  events  from  a  location  that  is  different  from  where  it  is  registered.  the  business  outcome  is  twofold.  operational  efficiency  is  improved  and  the  number  of  lost  or  stolen  assets  is  reduced.  gps  tracking  is  essential,  but  iot  data  allows  for  much  more.  the  next  use  case  leverages  internal  data  to  anticipate  equipment  failure.  in  the  retail  space,  commercial  fridges  typically  follow  a  timebased  maintenance  tbm  schedule.  in  other  words,  maintenance  is  performed  every  now  and  then,  and  is  purely  triggered  by  time.  however,  by  equipping  their  equipment  with  sensors,  companies  can  that  might  affect  power  consumption.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization they  can  also  monitor  temperature  fluctuations  to  ensure  food  safety.  leverages  realtime  and  historical  data  to  predict  when  assets  will  require  maintenance.  this  effectively  allows  manufacturers  to  move  from  timebased  to  .  the  service  dashboard  considers  multiple  factors,  and  sorts  fridges  by  so  companies  can  better  understand  their  install  base.  this  allows  them  to  prevent  unplanned  downtime.  predictive  maintenance  in  retail  allows  companies  to  improve  operational  efficiency,  and  to  reduce  downtime.  the  first  use  case  empowered  manufacturers  with  visibility  over  their  install  base.  the  second  one  allows  them  to  better  understand  the  health  of  their  equipment  and  make  datadriven  decisions
__label__assetoperationsoptimization regarding  maintenance.  the  next  use  case  uses  data  to  .  typically,  beer  and  other  merchandise  are  sold  to  stores  on  a  calendar  basis  or  as  a  reaction  to  a  purchase  order.  however,  it  is  not  based  on  consumption.  but  consumption  is  only  one  element,  and  there  are  multiple  others  that  influence  sales:  holidays,  sports  events,  weather.  by  failing  to  consider  these,  stores  risk  running  out  of  inventory.  considers  multiple  factors  to  improve  demand  forecasting  for  the  next  period.  thus,  the  marketing  dashboard  sorts  stores  by  t.  it  highlights  the  stores  that  will  run  out  of  beer  in  the  next  two
__label__assetoperationsoptimization days.  predictive  replenishment  leads  to  increased  profitability  for  both  the  beer  company  and  the  retail  store,  while  also  .  companies  can  effectively  predict  when  they  will  need  to  replenish  their  shelves.  the  next  iot  use  case  looks  at  ways  to  improve  marketing  and  .  throughout  the  customer  journey,  there  are  many  touch  points  to  influence  the  purchase  decision.  however,  seventy  percent  of  consumers  choose  their  beer  at  time  of  purchase.  point  of  purchase  therefore  remains  a  challenging  conversion  point.  scores  users  based  on  consumption  and  engagement.  the  marketing  dashboard  filters  users  with  engagement  scores  between  0.61.0.  the  brand  can  then
__label__assetoperationsoptimization suggest  personalized  coupons  and  discounts  when  consumers  are  in  front  of  the  fridge.  this  is  highly  beneficial  to  companies.  indeed,  they  can  grow  their  revenue  and  create  new  sales  opportunities.  engagement  and  marketing  insights  are  only  one  way  for  companies  to  increase  their  earnings.  our  next  use  case  looks  at  the  future  possibilities  for  companies  to  generate  new  revenue  streams.  iot  in  the  retail  industry  has  the  potential  to  create  new  revenue  streams.  for  example,  dynamic  pricing  is  now  becoming  a  reality.  also  known  as  surge  pricing,  it  is  a  strategy  in  which  product  prices  continuously  adjust.  lets  look  at
__label__assetoperationsoptimization our  commercial  fridge.  research  demonstrates  that  sales  are  higher  when  a  product  is  placed  on  the  middle  shelf  compared  to  the  top  or  bottom.  however,  it  is  challenging  to  measure  shelf  value  when  relying  strictly  on  sales  data.  companies  also  need  to  consider  location  and  the  fact  that  no  two  stores  are  identical.  dynamic  pricing  models  enable  the  brand  to  charge  for  shelf  space  depending  on  location  and  aisle.  asset  management,  predictive  maintenance,  predictive  replenishment  and  personalized  marketing  are  transforming  the  retail  space  from  product  to  customercentric.  empowers  brands  with  realtime  visibility  over  their  connected  install  base.  get  in  touch
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  us  today,  and  start  transforming  your  business  tomorrow.  putting  the  internet  of  things  and  machine  learning  in  the  same  sentence  is  like  playing  ai  and  the  iot  have  snowballed  in  attention  over  the  past  little  while  garnering  what  is  5g  and  how  is  it  going  to  change  the  world  we  live  in  8  things  you  need  to  include  in  your  data  science  rsum,  from  one  data  scientist  4110  1751  richardson  st  montreal,  qc,  canada  h3k  1g6
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  heavy  use,  among  others,  of  emerging  technologies  such  as  iot,  cloud  computing,  big  data  analytics,  ai,  augmented  reality,  robotics  and  cyber  physical  systems  cps,  industries  are  moving  towards  creating  a  more  collaborative  environment  that  facilitates  greater  data  exchange,  lower  costs  and  increased  productivity,  also  known  as  industrial  iot  or  iiot.  increased  iiot  investments  have  been  witnessed  in  the  fields  of  manufacturing,  transportation,  utilities  and  healthcare  for  all  the  right  reasons.  manufacturing  industries  worldwide  are  the  leading  investors  in  iiot  using  industrial  sensors,  beacons,  advanced  rfid  tags,  in  store  analysis  and  connected  manufacturing  machines  including  robotics  to  collect  and  analyze
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  from  various  data  points  in  order  to  optimize  a  myriad  of  manufacturing  processes  and  operations  such  as  product  life  cycle  management  plm,  enterprise  resource  planning.  manufacturing  and  supply  chain  management  scm  execution  systems  mes.  and  94  percent  of  all  the  companies  that  have  chosen  to  implement  iot  within  their  systems  have  already  seen  a  healthy  return  on  their  investments.  so,  with  a  return  that  is  good,  you  would  think  that  many  companies  would  make  some  or  the  other  use  of  iot  to  better  manage  their  operations.  youre  wrong  there.  surprisingly,  less  than  a  third  of  industrial  decision  makers  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization put  in  place  a  well  articulated  iot  strategy  for  their  business  and  less  than  a  quarter  have  a  comprehensive  roadmap  for  future  use.  which  is  not  the  case.  with  such  a  good  return,  you  should  jump  as  soon  as  possible  on  the  iot  bandwagon  and  use  this  impressive  technology  to  reach  your  business  full  potential  and  scale  it  up  to  new  heights.  here  are  a  few  ways  you  can  leverage  iot  to  manage  your  different  business  processes  better,  increase  overall  performance  and  reduce  costs.  comprehensive  iot  solutions  can  help  organizations  to  keep  track  of  all  their  assets  health,  location,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization efficiency.  assets  can  range  from  handheld  devices,  raw  materials  to  large  industrial  equipment.  by  implementing  predictive  maintenance  of  your  assets  in  critical  condition  and  saving  yourself  from  huge  losses,  you  can  eradicate  downtime  with  the  help  of  smart  sensors  that  transmit  real  time  data  about  the  location,  performance  and  overall  condition  of  your  assets.  there  are  many  industries  out  there  that  make  use  of  iots  asset  tracking  and  management  capabilities  when  it  comes  to  asset  management,  to  save  costs.  for  example,  mining  industries  use  smart  sensors  at  their  mining  sites  to  monitor  the  air  around  the  area.  if  harmful  gasses
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  present  in  a  mining  sites  air,  smart  sensors  can  detect  that  and  pass  the  information  on  to  site  managers  so  that  they  can  stop  processes  and  protect  their  workers  wellbeing.  it  is  also  possible  to  study  the  heavy  equipment  used  in  the  mining  sector  with  many  iot  sensors  to  optimize  how  they  are  used  and  deployed  to  help  maximize  investment  returns,  increase  efficiency  and  reduce  costs.  in  the  maritime  shipping  industry,  another  use  case  of  asset  tracking  and  management  can  be  witnessed  with  the  help  of  iot.  in  order  to  track  their  exact  location  during  their  journey,  iot  sensors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  placed  on  ships.  and  on  a  more  granular  level,  each  container  carried  by  these  ships  is  also  enabled  by  iot  to  ensure  that  the  containers  are  shipped  under  the  right  environmental  conditions  so  as  not  to  harm  the  goods  inside  these  containers.  with  the  help  of  smart  iot  devices  on  a  granular  level,  your  entire  inventory  can  be  tracked  and  tracked  globally.  executives  can  access  realtime  data  on  the  material  available,  workinprogress,  and  estimated  new  materials  arrival  time.  this  ultimately  helps  managers  manage  demand,  optimize  supply,  and  reduce  shared  cost  in  the  value  chain.  perhaps  a  company  using  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  better  manage  its  inventory  is  amazons  biggest  example.  amazon  currently  manages  over  500  million  stock  holding  units  skus  and  operates  over  490  fulfillment  centers  and  hubs  worldwide.  amazon  employees  used  to  walk  their  products  manually  through  these  massive  centers  of  fulfillment.  but  all  that  changed  when  amazon  acquired  kiva  systems  in  2012,  an  iot  enabled  robots  manufacturing  company.  because  these  robots  have  all  the  data  about  where  a  particular  product  is  in  their  massive  inventory,  they  can  do  all  the  legwork  with  unparalleled  efficiency  and  help  them  to  reduce  redundant  operating  costs.  by  using  these  kiva  robots  in  just
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 13  of  their  fulfillment  centers,  amazon  allegedly  saves  on  each  of  them  about  20  million  annually.  which,  it  seems,  is  quite  a  lot.  you  can  collect  aggregated  product  data  and  other  vital  data  from  different  stages  of  the  product  cycle  by  placing  iot  sensors  on  your  products  or  their  manufacturing  units.  iot  sensors  can  detect  inferior  raw  materials  used  in  product  manufacturing,  product  transportation  impact,  waste,  environmental  effects  on  the  product.  iot  systems  can  help  managers  maintain  strict  quality  control  of  their  products  and  optimize  costs  by  keeping  deviations  in  check.  harley  davidson,  for  example,  has  placed  smart  iot  sensors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  their  paint  booth  among  a  myriad  of  iot  sensors  placed  in  their  plants  manufacturing  units  in  york,  pennsylvania,  to  monitor  their  heat  and  humidity  levels.  if  your  paint  booths  heat  and  humidity  level  fluctuates  from  the  set  standard,  the  iot  sensors  automatically  detect  it  and  adjust  the  velocity  of  the  fans  accordingly  to  ensure  that  the  right  environmental  conditions  are  maintained  for  the  companys  renowned  superior  paint  job.  by  placing  iot  sensors  on  the  products  packaging,  manufacturers  can  gain  insight  into  various  effects  on  the  products  environment  and  handling  and  whether  it  has  been  manipulated  during  transit.  using  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization insight,  managers  can  decide  whether  the  packaging  needs  to  be  changed  for  the  product  to  ensure  that  when  it  finally  reaches  the  customer  it  is  not  compromised  in  any  way.  or  if  the  product  or  packaging  has  to  be  completely  re  engineered  from  the  ground  up  to  achieve  better  performance,  cost  savings  or  better  customer  experience  throughout  the  product  journey.  and  this  is  not  all,  there  are  other  cases  of  use  for  the  optimization  of  iot  product  packaging.  digital  labels  are  one  of  these.  putting  digital  labels  on  a  products  packaging  allows  customers  to  almost  instantly  access  all  the  product
__label__assetoperationsoptimization information.  it  works  in  tandem  with  qr  codes  and  other  triggers  and  can  pull  up  any  relevant  information  images,  videos  and  tutorials  that  can  help  the  customer  better  use  the  product.  use  these  labels  as  well  as  real  time  coupons  and  discounts  to  deliver  great  customer  experiences.  in  addition,  smarter  product  packaging  solutions  can  also  be  studied  with  tracking  logs  and  microchips  to  ensure  authenticity,  and  many  large  companies  such  as  luis  vuitton,  mk,  chanel  and  levis  are  already  using  this  technology  to  address  counterfeit  issues,  protect  their  customers  and  the  reputation  of  their  brand.  industrial  internet  of  things  provides
__label__assetoperationsoptimization realtime  access  to  the  supply  chain  by  tracking  through  the  supply  chain  materials,  equipment  or  products.  by  connecting  plants  with  iot  suppliers,  all  stakeholders  in  the  supply  chain  can  track  and  track  dependencies,  material  flow  and  production  cycle  times  in  order  to  potentially  reduce  waiting  times  and  meet  other  capital  requirements.  smart  iot  devices  help  manufacturers  to  collect  and  feed  important  delivery  information  to  erp,  plm  and  other  vital  systems  by  reporting  the  entire  supply  chain.  it  also  helps  manufacturers  to  identify  and  correct  critical  supply  chain  issues  and  marginally  improve  their  efficiency.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  .  slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  for  details.  3  things  to  learn  about:  linkedin  corporation  2019  looks  like  youve  clipped  this  slide  to  already.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization industry  week  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  education  ankit  jamwal,  director,  information  services  group  isg  in  the  discussion  around  big  data,  automation  and  the  internet  of  things  iot,  more  attention  is  often  paid  to  the  technologies,  sensors  and  datacollection  devices  than  to  how  analytics  can  be  leveraged  for  business  benefit.  enterprises  should  worry  less  about  things  and  focus
__label__assetoperationsoptimization more  on  how  those  things  can  transform  their  organization  and  business  processes  to  achieve  operational  excellence.  to  date,  manufacturing  operations  have  focused  their  efforts  on  optimizing  their  physical  assets.  they  look  at  improving  their  waste  removal,  refining  their  supply  chain  and  working  to  create  lean  operations  on  the  factory  floor.  these  efforts  and  the  metrics  that  drive  them  are  costfocused,  seeking  to  cut  procurement,  conversion  and  execution  costs  and  create  more  efficient  inventory  levels.  but  today,  data  resides  everywhere  in  manufacturingin  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  systems,  product  lifecycle  management  plm  systems,  manufacturing  execution  systems  mes  and  supplier  relationship  management  srm
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems,  in  machine  tools  and  in  thousands  of  spreadsheets,  files  and  folders  across  the  company.  data  also  resides  outside  the  enterprise,  across  the  value  chain  with  partners  on  both  the  supply  and  the  sales  sides.  the  goal  of  sound  industrial  internet  strategies  is  to  break  down  organizational,  process,  data  and  system  silos  and  automate  the  collection  of  data  across  operations.  an  enterprise  that  uses  a  deeper,  wider  and  smarter  analysis  of  its  data  will  see  big  operational  dividends.  a  few  daring  manufacturers  are  testing  this  ground  by  deploying  a  combination  of  technologies  to  take  advantage  of  big  data,  automation  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  iot  to  create  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot,  with  the  aim  of  improving  employee  health  and  safety,  decreasing  financial  risk,  reducing  production  downtime  and  timetomarket  and  improving  quality  in  processes  and  products.  however,  these  successes  do  not  come  from  technological  prowess.  manufacturers  succeed  in  iiot  because  their  deployments  create  measurable  business  value.  the  following  six  use  cases  are  examples  of  how  manufacturers  are  putting  iiot  to  smart  business  use:  though  enterprises  may  have  a  general  awareness  about  their  carbon  footprint,  they  are  usually  missing  costeffective  measurement  systems  and  modeling/performance  management  tools  to  optimize  energy  and  heating.  using  iiot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  automation  to  monitor  environmental  controls,  such  as  hvacs  and  electricity  grids,  can  generate  costsaving  opportunities  by  helping  companies  better  understand  applicable  economy  model  operations  and  avoid  peak  demand  charges.  integrating  weather  data  and  predictive  modeling  also  can  help  reduce  energy  expenses  and  plan  energy  usage,  a  large  component  of  manufacturing  costs.  these  six  use  cases  represent  practical,  ontheground  implementation  of  iiot  using  big  data,  analytics  and  automation  technologies.  manufacturers  considering  how  they  may  benefit  from  these  advanced  and  interconnecting  technologies  will  need  to  do  the  following:  to  kickstart  your  iiot  strategy,  bring  the  relevant  leaders  and  stakeholders  together  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization an  innovation  workshop.  help  them  understand  the  concepts  and  how  other  companies  are  applying  these  technologies  to  their  environments.  brainstorm  the  value  proposition  for  your  enterprise,  including  potential  opportunities  that  could  arise.  start  with  one  or  two  pilot  projects,  for  which  business  requirements  are  the  highest  and  the  data  is  most  available.  ankit  jamwal  is  a  director  with  .  within  isg,  jamwal  leads  the  engineering  services  and  product  lifecycle  management  plm  practice  in  dach.  in  addition,  he  is  engaged  in  iot,  digitalization  and  software  automation  topics  and  projects,  and  has  been  engaged  in  outsourcing  since  the  industrys  nascence  from  india.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  digitalization  transformation  in  the  digital  economy  lets  start  defining  the  terms  information  technology  and  operational  technology  what  is  information  technology  it?  it  information  technology  is  a  term  that  encompasses  all  forms  of  technology  used  to  create,  store,  exchange,  and  use  information  in  its  various  forms.  in  other  words,  it  keeps  the  information  flowing,  email  running,  and  databases  populated.  what  is  operational  technology  ot?  ot  is  the  hardware  and  software  that  keeps  your  power  plants  running,  manages  factory  process  lines,  and  essentially  works  together  to  achieve  an  industrial  objective  such  as  manufacturing,  transportation  of  matter,  generation  of  energy,  etc.  business
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  technology  leaders  view  the  iot  as  an  incredible  opportunity  for  change.  many  are  implementing  standardsbased  operational  control  systems  as  part  of  iot  initiatives  and  replacing  isolated  meters,  sensors,  and  electrical  equipment  with  smart  ipenabled  devices.  information  technology  and  operational  technology  in  iot  as  a  result,  iot  initiatives  present  a  perfect  opportunity  to  unite  isolated,  parallel  technology  disciplines.  by  unifying  ot  and  it  solutions  around  common  protocols  and  building  blocks,  enterprises  can  connect  disparate  systems  and  practices  to  eliminate  redundancies  and  improve  business  results.  the  different  characteristics  between  the  two  entities  are:  it  and  ot  characteristics  comparison  in  order  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization take  advantage  of  the  internet  of  things,  leading  companies  are  reengineering  their  businesses  by  uniting  forces  between  information  and  operational  technology  entities  that  manage  the  equipment,  devices,  and  other  components  of  the  operational  infrastructure.  the  richness  of  data  and  tools  shared,  open  many  opportunities  for  continued  collaboration  and  transformation  of  the  organization,  business  processes  and  investment  optimization  through  the  understanding  and  insight  of  the  data.  the  benefits  of  the  collaboration  between  information  technology  and  operational  technology  using  iot  as  a  business  driver  are:  it  is  imperative  to  have  reliable  and  robust  data  infrastructure  to  optimize  the  connectivity  and  availability  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization operations  and  business  data  for  fast  analysis  and  decisions.  another  important  aspect  is  to  have  the  right  smart  devices  to  manage  the  advanced  analytics  to  connect  the  sensors  data,  operation  and  people.  erpiot  systems  will  manage  and  control  operations  data  for  analytics,  visualization  and  detail  information.  these  systems  will  combine  historical,  realtime  and  predictive  data,  providing  a  good  insight  on  what  is  happening  in  the  different  parts  of  the  business  operation.  the  digital  transformation  will  be  facilitated  due  to  the  knowledge  provided  by  the  combination  of  information  technology  and  operation  technology  operational  data.  analytics  and  visualization  for  analysis  of  operations
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  financial  data  will  allow:  by  aligning  and  unifying  ot  and  it  infrastructure,  systems,  and  practices,  enterprises  can  optimize  business  processes  and  greatly  reduce  operating  expenses.  information  technology  and  operational  technology  integration.  integrating  these  environments,requires  businesses  to  address  both  technological  and  organizational  requirements.  implementing  a  tiered  intelligent  system  infrastructureensures  high  scalability,  availability,  and  security,  while  iot  gateways  efficiently  bridge  ot  and  it.  in  addition,  effective  converged  infrastructurerequires  organizations  to  establish  crossfunctional  teams  that  share  knowledge  and  unify  business  practices,  following  strategic  direction  that  is  set  at  the  executive  level.  erpiot  systems  will  reduce  cost  for  implementation  and  internet  of  things
__label__assetoperationsoptimization operations,  and  simplify  software  integration  between  ot  and  it.  thanks  for  the  excellent  information,  it  actually  is  useful.  feel  free  to  visit  my  blog  thanks  for  the  great  info,  it  really  is  useful.  also  visit  my  site  your  place  is  valueble  for  me.  thanks  my  blog  post:  youve  got  an  excellent  site  here  do  you  need  to  make  some  invite  posts  on  my  website?  also  visit  my  webpage:  hello  i  simply  would  like  to  give  a  huge  thumbs  up  for  the  great  information  youve  here  on  this  post.  i  ll  be  coming  back  to  your  blog  for  more  shortly.  feel
__label__assetoperationsoptimization free  to  surf  to  my  website  theres  apparently  a  package  to  know  about  it.  i  suppose  you  made  certain  nice  points  in  features  also.  feel  free  to  surf  to  my  webpage;  this  is  the  appropriate  blog  for  anyone  who  needs  to  find  out  about  this  topic.  you  realize  so  much  its  almost  hard  to  argue  with  you.  you  definitely  set  a  new  spin  on  a  subject  thats  been  written  about  for  years.  fantastic  stuff,  simply  amazing  my  site:  after  study  a  couple  of  the  blog  posts  on  your  own  website  now,  and  i  actually  enjoy  your  way  of  blogging.  i
__label__assetoperationsoptimization bookmarked  it  to  my  bookmark  site  list  and  will  be  checking  back  soon.  pls  check  out  my  web  site  as  well  and  i  want  to  know  what  you  think.  here  is  my  webpage;  your  email  address  will  not  be  published.  required  fields  are  marked  subscribe  to  our  mailing  list  and  get  interesting  stuff  and  updates  to  your  email  inbox.  thank  you  for  subscribing.  something  went  wrong.  we  respect  your  privacy  and  take  protecting  it  seriously  powered  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  is  restructuring  every  aspect  of  a  building,  from  construction  to  habitation  to  management.  use  iot  data  to  make  informed  decisions  to  optimize  the  experience  of  occupants,  staff  and  management.  with  asset  optimization,  better  facilities  management  and  occupant  safety,  smarter  buildings  can  streamline  business  processes  and  expand  profits.  optimize  your  maintenance  processes,  reduce  your  energy  footprint  and  better  manage  your  building  space,  providing  an  improved  tenant  experience.  upgrade  your  plant  performance  with  realtime  insights,  predict  equipment  failure  and  improve  production  quality  and  efficiency,  while  keeping  your  workers  safe.  make  the  most  of  your  hotels,  now  and  in  the  future.  from
__label__assetoperationsoptimization capital  projects  and  lease  management  to  space  and  energy  optimization,  let  iotenhanced  solutions  help  you  succeed.  watson  iot  solutions  for  buildings  can  transform  your  business  by  connecting  facilities  with  iotenabled  infrastructure,  streamliningoperations  with  predictive  maintenance,  and  ensuringyour  building  occupants  get  an  improved  experience.  prevent  building  equipment  downtime,  reduce  costs  and  improve  safety  and  sustainability.  expand  profitability  with  a  centralized  platform  for  corporate  real  estate  transactions  and  capital  projects.  used  by:  financial  managers,  facility  managers  and  maintenance  crews.  building  information  modeling  bim,  green  buildings  and  intelligent  prefabrication  are  radically  changing  design  and  construction.  now  iot  connectivity  needs  to  be  planned  for,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization from  the  onset.  used  by:  building  systems  and  component  manufacturers,  architects  and  civil  engineers.  transform  your  occupants  experience  by  delivering  new  features  and  services.  these  include  ai  assistants,  weather  alerts  and  locationspecific  safety  insights.  used  by:  product  developers  and  manufacturers  of  connected  building  systems  and  components.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  is  changing  the  way  we  do  business  and  how  we  think  about  and  use  technology.  operational  technology  ot  and  information  technology  it  teams  have  traditionally  been  separate  and  siloed  organizations.  however,  the  lines  between  the  two  seemingly  disparate  organizations  and  their  respective  responsibilities  are  blurring.  according  to  navigant  research,  the  convergence  of  these  two  units  is  the  foundation  of  the  digital  transformation  of  facilities  into  smart  buildings.  alignment  between  the  two  is  crucial.  in  the  past,  ot  and  it  have  had  different  technologies  and  infrastructure  responsibilities,  so  they  tend  to  look  at  the  benefits  of  iot  through  different  lenses
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  with  different  objectives.  ot  teams  focus  on  business  operations  and  challenges  and  the  hardware  and  software  systems  that  monitor  and  control  equipment  and  processes.  they  look  at  how  lighting  and  iot  can  automate  or  streamline  some  tasks,  save  energy  and  operating  costs,  or  create  building  space  that  pleases  occupants.  the  it  department  focuses  on  the  infrastructure  and  technologies  used  the  network,  cloud,  connectivity  that  enable  or  support  these  business  operations  and  are  concerned  about  interoperability,  security  and  similar  issues.  lets  take  a  closer  look  at  the  differences  and  how  they  are  now  coming  together.  at  a  basic  level,  every
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  solution  includes  both  operational  and  information  technologies  and  requires  stakeholders  from  these  different  teams,  with  different  priorities  and  charters,  to  work  together  on  a  common  solution.  heres  how  we  see  the  breakdown  of  the  key  components  of  an  iot  solution  and  why  the  lines  between  it  and  ot  are  converging:  there  are  a  variety  of  use  cases  with  any  one  iot  application  vastly  different  from  the  next.  using  a  smart  lighting  system  as  an  iot  platform  has  one  consistent  and  unique  benefit  across  multiple  smart  building  iot  use  cases:  lighting  system  data  delivers  unprecedented  transparency  and  control  into  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization operations  and  usage  of  a  building.  fixtureintegrated  sensors  in  luminaires  collect  data  occupancy,  air  quality,  daylight  levels,  temperature  from  their  surrounding  environment.  each  sensor  in  each  luminaire  becomes  a  node  on  the  lighting  system  network,  which  is  a  type  of  wsn.  the  high  density  of  luminaires  with  integrated  wireless  sensors  provides  highly  accurate  information  that  opens  up  the  possibility  of  exciting  new  smart  building  applications  beyond  illumination  such  as  space  optimization,  wayfinding  or  asset  tracking.  these  applications  are  typically  available  to  a  facility  manager  or  building  owner  through  a  softwareasaservice  saas  business  model.  business  leaders  and  technology  planners  view  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  as  a  catalyst  for  change.  iot  initiatives  present  a  perfect  opportunity  to  unite  siloed  but  parallel  technology  projects  within  it  as  well  as  the  lineofbusiness.  by  unifying  ot  and  it  solutions  around  common  building  blocks,  disparate  systems  are  able  to  connect  and  share  data,  eliminating  redundancies.  crossfunctional  teams  need  to  align  on  each  new  project.  by  converging  ot  and  it  implementations,  enterprises  can:  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  topics:  osram  on  social  media:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization visit  our  selfservice  resource  for  product  guides,  downloads,  release  notes,  solutions  to  known  issues,  and  more.  join  our  unity  partner  program  to  become  a  value  added  reseller  or  managed  services  provider.  stay  up  to  date  on  trends  in  digital  transformation,  the  future  of  application  services,  and  insights  into  emerging  technologies  with  blogs  from  the  office  of  the  cto.  the  lines  between  our  physical  and  digital  worlds  are  blurring.  our  daily  experiences  areand  will  continue  to  beimpacted  by  the  prevalence  of  internetconnected  devices  and  anytime,  anywhere  access  to  information.  and  there  is  no  sign  of  things  slowing  down.  each  year  will
__label__assetoperationsoptimization see  exponential  growth  in  devices  connected  to  the  internet.  in  fact,  gartner  predicts  there  will  be  25  billion  connected  things  by  2020.1  these  things  will  come  in  all  shapes  and  sizes,  from  threeton  automobiles  to  clothing  to  undertheskin  blood  sugar  monitors  and  even  our  entire  home.  the  world  of  smart  devices  talking  to  each  otherand  to  usis  well  underway.  but  reaping  the  business  rewards  will  depend  on  the  ability  to  design  and  build  a  networking  infrastructure  that  successfully  manages  the  flood  of  data  that  comes  from  this  new  internet,  the  internet  of  things  iot.  just  as  lte  and  technologies  like
__label__assetoperationsoptimization network  functions  virtualization  nfv,  softwaredefined  network  sdn,  and  volte  are  transformative  forces,  there  will  be  no  escaping  the  effects  of  the  iot.  how  service  providers  choose  to  respond  to  this  growing  phenomenon  and  the  explosion  in  connected  devices,  applications,  and  data  that  it  brings  will  determine  who  benefits  most  in  a  market  that  idc  forecasts  will  grow  to  7.1  trillion  in  the  next  five  years.2  much  like  bring  your  own  device  transformed  the  workplace  and  enterprise  mobilitynot  to  mention  subscriber  expectations  for  faster,  more  reliable  access  to  appsthe  iot  will  impact  almost  every  aspect  of  our  daily  lives.  enhanced  customer
__label__assetoperationsoptimization service  and  improved  use  of  field  assets  have  already  been  realized  by  early  adaptors  across  multiple  industries.  moving  forward,  new  business  models  will  blossom  and  services  will  become  more  important  than  simple  devices.  with  smartphones  being  the  epicenter  of  peoples  daily  livesand  a  crucial  hub  for  iot  data  trafficfinding  a  way  to  bring  all  this  together  is  key  for  keeping  pace  in  a  constantly  evolving  landscape.  and  it  must  be  done  while  ensuring  network  efficiency,  interoperability,  and  security  within  your  enterprise  and  optimal  performance  and  security  for  the  services  you  deliver  to  subscribers.  the  iot  does  not  come  without  its
__label__assetoperationsoptimization challenges.  threats  to  data  security,  physical  security,  security  of  devices,  regulations,  privacy,  encryption,  authentication  and  a  host  of  other  issues  all  need  to  be  addressed  before  the  iot  can  really  become  commonplace.  these  themes  sound  eerily  similar  to  the  ones  surrounding  the  cloud  only  a  couple  of  years  ago.  now,  consumer  devices  are  the  focus,  and  service  providers  will  work  to  find  new  ways  of  driving  greater  operational  efficiency  and  better  management  of  infrastructurefor  themselves  and  their  customers.  the  challenge  in  harnessing  this  powerful  force  isnt  limited  to  managing  the  sheer  volume  of  data  created.  its  also  making  sense  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  data  to  prioritize  traffic  and  optimizing  the  application  architecture  itself.  expert  predictions  tell  us  the  iot  market  size  and  the  growing  number  of  new  devices  will  surpass  anything  weve  seen.  the  wider  implications  for  the  underlying  network  infrastructure  used  to  manage,  monitor,  and  monetize  these  devices,  though  less  obvious,  will  require  considerable  attention.  the  consequence  of  these  devices  and  their  supporting  ecosystem  failing  could  vary  from  a  simple  annoyancedevice  apps  stuck  on  software  updatesto  something  significantly  worse,  like  a  security  breach  targeting  personally  identifiable  information.  vulnerabilities  in  devices  will  exist,  devices  will  connect  looking  for  updates,  and  patches  will
__label__assetoperationsoptimization need  to  be  pushed  out.  how  will  the  infrastructure  survive  the  onslaught?  the  internet  of  things  is  not  just  about  the  things.  it  is  really  about  the  applications  and  services  that  enable  them.  f5  synthesisthe  next  generation  model  for  supporting  applicationscan  help  apps  and  the  things  they  power  perform  better  with  greater  security  and  ensure  that  they  are  always  available.  a  key  component  of  the  synthesis  model,  f5  softwaredefined  application  services  sdas  allows  application  delivery  to  evolve  in  alignment  with  new  iot  innovations  and  device  demands.  the  internet  of  things  refers  to  the  set  of  devices  and  systems  that  interconnect
__label__assetoperationsoptimization realworld  sensors  and  actuators  to  the  internet.3this  includes  many  different  types  of  systems,  such  as:  these  systems  connect  to  the  internet  or  gateway  in  a  variety  of  ways,  such  as  longrange  wifi/ethernet  using  ip  protocols  tcp/udp,  including  cellular;  shortrange  bluetooth  low  energy;  shortrange  near  field  communication;  and  other  types  of  mediumrange  radio  networks.  pointtopoint  radio  links  and  serial  lines  are  also  used.  some  devices/sensors  connect  directly  to  the  internet  via  an  ip  protocol  and  others  with  specific  iot  protocols,  such  as  message  queue  telemetry  transport  mqtt,  constrained  application  protocol,  and  others.  these  may  need  may  need  specialized  iot  networking  hardware
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  talk  to  the  data  center.  mqtt  is  a  subscribe  and  publish  messaging  protocol  designed  for  lightweight  machinetomachine  communications.4originally  developed  by  ibm,  it  is  now  an  open  standard.  it  needs  a  gateway  or  receiver  broker  to  communicate.  however,  its  primary  purpose  is  to  allow  a  device  to  send  a  very  short  message  one  hop  to  an  mq  broker  and  to  receive  commands  from  that  broker.  every  message  is  published  to  a  location,  called  a  topic.  clients  the  sensors  subscribe  to  various  topics  and  when  a  message  is  published  to  the  topic,  the  client/sensor  gets  it.  for  example,  imagine  a  simple
__label__assetoperationsoptimization network  with  three  clients  and  a  central  broker.  all  three  clients  open  tcp  connections  with  the  broker.  clients  b  and  c  subscribe  to  the  topic  speed.  at  a  later  time,  client  a  publishes  a  value  of  15mph  for  topic  speed.  the  broker  forwards  the  message  to  all  subscribed  clients.  the  publisher  subscriber  model  allows  mqtt  clients  to  communicate  onetoone,  onetomany,  and  manytoone.  the  systems  themselves  typically  fall  into  a  few  categories.  the  smallest  devices  have  8bit  embedded  system  on  a  chip  controllers  but  no  operating  system.  others  have  a  limited  32bit  architecture,  like  a  home  router,  with  or  without  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization base  os.  the  most  capable  systems  have  either  full  32bit  or  64bit  operating  platforms,  such  as  mobile  phones.  customers  could  use  their  mobile  phone  to  send  the  data,  via  the  internet,  from  the  iot  device  to  the  destined  application.  not  only  are  we  interacting  with  these  devices,  they  are  interacting  with  other  machines  to  send  specific  information,  which  is  called  machinetomachine  m2m  technology.  the  m2m  fabric  works  in  conjunction  with  the  various  systems  that  support  wearables,  home  networks,  and  the  widely  deployed  sensors  that  are  part  of  them.  according  to  gartner,  the  internet  of  things  is  not  a  single  technology
__label__assetoperationsoptimization but  a  concept  with  embedded  sensors  driving  the  trend,  realtime  support  and  learning  having  a  social  impact  and  it  allows  businesses  to  make  situational  decisions  based  on  the  sensors  information.5no  single  architecture  can  address  all  the  potential  iot  device  areas  and  the  requirements  of  each.  but  a  scalable  architecture  that  can  add  or  subtract  resources  to  support  a  wide  variety  of  scenarios  can  prepare  service  providers  for  the  impact  the  iot  will  have.  many  of  todays  traditional  architectures  will  buckle  under  the  increasing  demand  of  all  the  connected  devices.  according  to  idc,  the  rate  at  which  applications  double  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization enterprise  is  once  every  four  years.6this  time  frame  is  likely  to  be  cut  in  half  as  more  iot  devices  need  applications  supporting  them  and  service  providers  need  to  be  ready  for  the  increased  demand.  as  more  applications  are  needed  to  run  things,  traditional  infrastructure  concerns  such  as  scale  and  reliability  are  becoming  paramount.  additional  challenges  with  identity  and  access,  improving  the  enduser  or  subscriber  experience,  and  the  need  for  faster  provisioning  of  services  could  overwhelm  it  departments.  a  robust,  scalable,  and  intelligent  infrastructure  will  be  necessary  to  handle  the  massive  traffic  growth.  the  domain  name  system  is  the  most  likely
__label__assetoperationsoptimization method  for  connected  devices  to  use  to  locate  needed  services,  and  its  potentially  the  means  by  which  people  will  locate  the  devices  themselves.  there  might  be  other  schemas  being  planned,  but  those  would  require  the  adoption  of  a  new  technology  naming  standard,  which  would  be  costly,  slow,  and  highly  unlikely.  clearly,  security  must  also  be  present  since  the  iot  has  the  potential  to  weave  vulnerabilities  throughout  the  systemthe  ubiquity  of  connected  devices  presents  a  gold  mine  for  attackers.  outpacing  attackers  in  our  current  threat  landscape  will  require  more  resources  in  order  to  minimize  risk.  service  providers  will  need  to  continue
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  harden  their  own  infrastructures  and  look  to  cloud  services  like  ddos  mitigation  to  lessen  the  effects  of  attacks.  at  the  same  time,  the  explosion  of  embedded  devices  will  further  drive  mainstream  ipv6  adoption.  there  are  several  advantages  to  ipv6  such  as  a  large  namespace,  address  selfconfiguration,  and  the  potential  to  remove  network  address  translation  problems.  the  networking  infrastructure  will  require  some  planning  to  embrace  this  shift.  components  such  as  routers,  firewalls,  and  application  delivery  controllers  will  need  to  be  ipv6ready  and  capable  of  understanding  the  protocols  and  data  that  devices  will  use  to  communicate.  to  ensure  security,  intelligent  routing,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  analytics,  networking  layers  will  need  to  be  fluent  in  the  language  that  devices  use.  understanding  these  protocols  within  the  network  will  allow  traffic  to  be  secured,  prioritized,  and  routed  accordingly.  recognizing  and  prioritizing  these  messages  will  enable  better  scalability  and  manageability  for  the  onslaught  of  device  traffic  and  data.  intelligence  will  also  be  needed  to  categorize  what  data  needs  attention  like  a  health  monitor  alert  and  what  doesnt  like  temperature  is  good.  according  to  techtarget,  ensuring  high  availability  of  the  iot  services  will  rely  on  boosting  traffic  management  and  monitoring.7this  will  both  mitigate  business  continuity  risks,  and  prevent  potential
__label__assetoperationsoptimization losses.  from  a  project  planning  standpoint,  organizations  need  to  do  capacity  planning  and  watch  the  growth  rate  of  the  network  so  that  the  increased  demand  for  the  required  bandwidth  can  be  met.  the  f5  sdas  fabric  provides  a  foundation  for  building  elastic  iot  application  services.  f5  scalen  technology  enables  ondemand  application  and  operational  scalability  at  the  platform  layer.  this  means  the  fabric  can  be  deployed  on  a  combination  of  hardware,  software,  and  virtual  form  factorsas  well  as  beyond  the  data  center  boundary  into  cloud  computing  environments.  the  iot  applications  will  come  in  all  shapes  and  sizes.  but  no  matter  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization size,  availability  is  paramount  to  support  both  subscribers  and  the  business.  the  most  basic  highavailability  architecture  is  the  typical  threetier  design.  a  pair  of  application  delivery  controllers  adcs  in  the  dmz  terminates  the  connection.  they,  in  turn,  intelligently  distribute  the  client  request  to  a  pool  multiple  of  iot  application  servers,  which  then  query  the  database  servers  for  the  appropriate  content.  each  tier  has  redundant  servers  so  in  the  event  of  a  server  outage,  the  others  take  the  load  and  the  system  stays  available.8  this  is  a  triedandtrue  design  for  most  operations  and  provides  resilient  application  availability,  iot  or  not,  within
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  typical  data  center.  but  fault  tolerance  between  two  data  centers  is  even  more  reliable  than  multiple  servers  in  a  single  location,  simply  because  that  one  data  center  is  a  single  point  of  failure.  the  cloud  has  become  one  of  the  primary  enablers  for  iot.  within  the  next  five  years,  more  than  90  percent  of  all  iot  data  will  be  hosted  on  service  provider  platforms.  thats  because  cloud  computing  reduces  the  complexity  of  supporting  iot  data  blending.9  in  order  to  achieve  or  even  maintain  continuous  iot  application  availability  and  keep  up  with  the  pace  of  new  iot  application  rollouts,  service
__label__assetoperationsoptimization providers  must  explore  expanding  their  data  center  options.  having  access  to  cloud  resources  provides  service  providers  with  the  agility  and  flexibility  to  quickly  provision  iot  services.  the  cloud  offers  organizations  a  way  to  manage  iot  services,  rather  than  boxes  along  with  justintime  provisioning.  cloud  enables  it  as  a  service,  just  as  iot  is  a  service,  along  with  the  flexibility  to  scale  when  needed.  integrating  cloudbased  iot  resources  into  the  architecture  requires  only  a  couple  of  pieces:  connectivity,  along  with  awareness  of  how  those  resources  are  being  used.  the  connectivity  between  a  data  center  and  the  cloud  is  generally  referred  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  a  cloud  bridge.  the  cloud  bridge  connects  the  two  data  center  worlds  securely  and  provides  a  network  compatibility  layer  that  bridges  the  two  networks.  this  provides  a  transparency  that  allows  resources  in  either  environment  to  communicate  without  concern  for  the  underlying  network  topology.  once  a  connection  is  established  and  network  bridging  capabilities  are  in  place,  resources  provisioned  in  the  cloud  can  be  nondisruptively  added  to  the  data  centerhosted  pools.  from  there,  load  is  distributed  per  the  f5  bigip  platforms  configuration  for  the  resource,  such  as  an  iot  application.  by  integrating  the  enterprise  data  center  with  external  clouds,  the  cloud
__label__assetoperationsoptimization becomes  a  secure  extension  of  the  enterprises  iot  network.  this  enterprisetocloud  network  connection  is  encrypted  and  optimized  for  performance  and  bandwidth,  thereby  reducing  the  risks  and  lowering  the  effort  involved  in  migrating  iot  workloads  to  the  cloud.  this  hybrid  infrastructure  approach,  including  cloud  resources,  for  iot  deployments  not  only  allows  service  providers  to  distribute  their  iot  applications  and  services  when  it  makes  sense,  but  also  provides  global  fault  tolerance  to  the  overall  system.  depending  on  how  the  disaster  recovery  infrastructure  is  designed,  this  can  be  an  active  site,  a  hot  standby,  a  leased  hosting  space,  a  cloud  provider,  or  some
__label__assetoperationsoptimization other  contained  compute  location.  as  soon  as  that  iot  server,  application,  or  even  location  starts  to  have  trouble,  a  service  provider  can  seamlessly  maneuver  around  the  issue  and  continue  to  deliver  its  services  to  the  devices.  the  various  combinations  of  hybrid  infrastructure  types  can  be  as  diverse  as  the  iot  situations  that  use  them.  service  providers  probably  already  have  some  level  of  hybrid,  even  if  it  is  a  mix  of  owned  space  plus  saas.  in  most  cases,  the  preference  is  to  keep  sensitive  assets  inhouse,  but  this  approach  has  started  to  shift,  with  increased  migration  of  workloads  to  hybrid  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization centers.  it  all  depends  on  the  industry.  for  example,  financial  industries  have  different  requirements  than  retail.  retail  will  certainly  need  a  boost  to  its  infrastructure  as  more  customers  will  want  to  test  iot  devices  instore.  whatever  the  case  may  be,  service  providers  are  in  a  unique  situation  as  they  will  ultimately  be  touched  by  all  this  increased  data  traffic.  the  service  provider  industry  is  well  on  its  way  to  building  out  the  iotready  infrastructures  and  services.  one  major  service  provider  is  deploying  bigip  virtual  editions  to  provide  the  adc  functionality  needed  for  the  scale  and  flexibility  of  its  connectedcar  project.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization virtualized  solutions  are  required  for  nfv  to  enable  the  agility  and  elasticity  necessary  to  support  the  iot  infrastructure  demands.  because  f5  application  services  share  a  common  control  planethe  f5  platformthe  process  of  deploying  and  optimizing  iot  application  delivery  services  is  simplified.  with  the  elastic  power  of  sdas,  organizations  can  rapidly  provision  iot  application  services  across  the  data  center  and  into  cloud  computing  environments,  reducing  the  time  and  costs  associated  with  deploying  new  applications  and  architectures.  the  beauty  of  sdas  is  that  it  can  provide  the  global  services  to  direct  the  iot  devices  to  the  most  appropriate  data  center  or  hybrid
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cloud  depending  on  the  request,  context,  and  application  health.  subscribers,  employees,  and  the  iot  devices  themselves  receive  the  most  secure  and  fastest  experience  possible.  the  f5  highperformance  services  fabric  supports  traditional  and  emerging  underlay  networks.  it  can  be  deployed  on  top  of  a  traditional  ip  and  vlanbased  networks,  works  with  sdn  overlay  networks  using  nvgre  or  vxlan  as  well  as  a  variety  of  less  wellknown  overlay  protocols,  and  integrates  with  sdn  fabrics,  such  as  those  from  cisco/insieme,  arista,  and  bigswitch,  among  others.  the  services  fabric  model  enables  consolidation  of  services  onto  a  common  platform  that  can  be  deployed  on  hardware,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  software,  or  in  the  cloud.  this  reduces  operational  overhead  by  standardizing  management  as  well  as  enabling  deployment  processes  that  support  continuous  delivery  efforts.  by  sharing  service  resources  and  leveraging  finegrained  multitenancy,  the  cost  of  individual  services  is  dramatically  reduced,  enabling  all  iot  applicationsregardless  of  sizeto  take  advantage  of  services  that  are  beneficial  to  their  security,  reliability,  and  performance.  the  f5  platform:  f5  cloud  solutions  can  automate  and  orchestrate  the  deployment  of  iot  application  delivery  services  across  both  traditional  and  cloud  infrastructures  while  also  managing  the  dynamic  redirection  of  workloads  to  the  most  suitable  location.  these  application  delivery  services  ensure
__label__assetoperationsoptimization predictable  iot  experiences,  a  replicated  security  policy,  and  workload  agility.  f5  bigiq  cloud  can  federate  management  of  bigip  solutions  across  both  traditional  and  cloud  infrastructures,  helping  organizations  deploy  and  manage  iot  delivery  services  in  a  fast,  consistent,  and  repeatable  manner,  regardless  of  the  underlying  infrastructure.  in  addition,  bigiq  cloud  integrates  or  interfaces  with  existing  cloud  orchestration  engines  such  as  vmware  vcloud  orchestrator  to  streamline  the  overall  process  of  deploying  applications.  f5  cloud  solutions  offer  a  rapid  application  delivery  network  provisioning  solution,  drastically  reducing  the  lead  times  for  expanding  iot  delivery  capabilities  across  data  centers,  whether  they  are  private  or  public.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  a  result,  service  providers  can  efficiently:  for  maintenance  situations,  service  providers  no  longer  need  to  manually  redirect  traffic  by  configuring  applications.  instead,  iot  applications  are  proactively  redirected  to  an  alternate  data  center  prior  to  maintenance.  the  bigip  platform  is  application  and  location  agnostic,  meaning  the  type  of  application  or  where  the  application  lives  really  does  not  matter.  as  long  as  you  tell  the  bigip  platform  where  to  find  the  iot  application,  the  bigip  platform  will  deliver  it.  bringing  it  all  together,  f5  synthesis  gives  cloud  and  application  providers,  as  well  as  mobile  network  operators,  the  architectural  framework  necessary  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ensure  the  performance,  reliability,  and  security  of  iot  applications.  f5  silverline  ddos  protection  is  a  service  delivered  via  the  silverline  ddos  protection  cloudbased  platform  that  provides  continuous  ddos  protection,  detection,  and  mitigation  to  stop  even  the  largest  volumetric  ddos  attacks  from  reaching  iot  networks.  connected  devices  are  here  to  stayforcing  us  to  move  forward  into  this  brave  new  world  where  almost  everything  generates  data  traffic.  while  theres  much  to  consider,  proactively  addressing  these  challenges  and  adopting  new  approaches  for  enabling  an  iotready  network  will  help  service  providers  chart  a  clearer  course  toward  success.  an  iotready  environment  can  enable  service  providers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  begin  taking  advantage  of  this  societal  shift  without  a  wholesale  ripandreplace  of  existing  technology.  it  also  provides  the  breathing  room  needed  to  ensure  that  the  coming  rush  of  connected  devices  does  not  cripple  the  network  infrastructure.  this  process  ensures  benefits  will  be  realized  without  compromising  on  the  operational  governance  required  to  ensure  availability  and  security  of  the  iot  network,  data,  and  application  resources.  it  also  means  service  providers  can  manage  iot  services  instead  of  boxes.  however  an  iotready  infrastructure  is  constructed,  it  is  a  transformational  journey.  it  is  not  something  that  should  be  taken  lightly  or  without  a  longterm
__label__assetoperationsoptimization strategy  in  place.  when  done  properly,  an  f5powered  iotready  infrastructure  can  bring  significant  benefits  to  service  providers,  their  employees,  and  their  subscribers.  1  2  3  4  5  6idc  directions,  battle  for  the  future  of  the  datacenter:  the  role  of  disaggregated  systems,  mar  2014  7  8  the  latest  in  application  threat  intelligence.  the  f5  community  for  discussion  forums  and  expert  articles.  news,  f5  blogs,  and  more.  with  20  years  of  application  service  experience,  f5  provides  the  broadest  set  of  services  and  security  for  enterprisegrade  apps,  whether  onpremises  or  across  any  multicloud  environment.  48  of  the  fortune  50  rely  on  f5  69
__label__assetoperationsoptimization welcome  to  the  a  recently  released  titled  schneider  electric  innovates  to  lower  cost  of  smart  buildings  describes  development  streams  the  company  is  leading  to  help  facility  managers  improve  operational  and  energy  efficiencies.  this  blog  series  provides  some  additional  background  to  those  developments.  in  this  first  post,  id  like  to  talk  about  how  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  enabling  new  opportunities  in  buildings,  campuses,  hospitals,  and  factories.  the  verdantix  report  states  that  eightyfour  per  cent  of  global  energy  managers  rank  improving  processes  for  data  capture,  analysis  and  reporting  as  either  very  important  or  important  for  their  firms.  indeed,  energy  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization facility  managers  have  begun  to  appreciate  that  acquiring  more  insight  into  their  infrastructure  can  bring  tangible  rewards  in  energy  savings  and  efficiency,  as  well  as  improved  comfort  and  productivity.  this  has  spurred  the  trend  toward  intelligent,  datarich  buildings.  and  as  ,  advanced  sensors  have  a  critical  role  to  play  in  transforming  facilities  into  intelligent  buildings  ..  because  these  devices  capture,  communicate,  and  in  some  situations  analyze  crucial  energy  and  operational  data.  the  growth  of  internetconnected  industrial  and  personal  devices  dubbed  the  iot  revolution  is  really  an  evolution,  as  sensing  and  datatransmitting  devices  have  been  around  for  nearly  50  years.  however,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  is  now  being  accelerated  by  open  communication  standards  and  advances  in  the  networking  technologies  including  wireless  and  software  used  to  aggregate  and  process  large  amounts  of  data.  as  the  costs  of  smart  technology  and  ip  enablement  fall,  and  device  power  requirements  shrink,  its  getting  easier  and  easier  to  put  a  sensor  on  it  wherever  desired.  this  means  that  the  number  of  these  devices  is  growing  exponentially,  totaling  50  billion  in  the  next  5  years  by  some  estimates.  for  buildings,  these  devices  include  environmental  sensors  for  temperature,  humidity,  occupancy,  and  co  .  also  included  are  meters  for  consumed  utilities  such
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  water,  air,  gas,  electricity  and  steam  wages.  electricity  sensors  can  include  simple  to  advanced  energy  metering  as  well  as  power  quality  analyzers.  finally,  there  are  equipment  status  indicators  and  controls.  some  of  these  functions  are  now  often  embedded  directly  into  circuit  breakers,  relays,  or  other  power  distribution  and  building  management  equipment.  now,  everything  from  wall  plugs  to  lighting  to  major  energy  and  automation  assets  can  be  monitored  and  controlled.  the  nearly  ubiquitous  nature  of  such  devices  and  functions  is  the  foundation  of  a  new  degree  of  visibility  and  operational  intelligence.  in  turn,  this  is  presenting  new  opportunities  to  optimize
__label__assetoperationsoptimization maintenance  and  but  having  connected  sensors,  meters,  and  controls  throughout  the  physical  infrastructure  is  only  part  of  the  equation.  it  also  requires  a  computing  ecosystem  of  gateways,  software,  and  the  cloud,  as  well  as  the  convergence  of  building  automation  and  power  management  systems.  such  a  unified  platform  gets  relevant  data  to  the  people  that  need  it,  as  well  as  enabling  higher  levels  of  information  sharing  and  collaboration  between  operations  teams.  this  acts  as  a  springboard  for  new  strategies  for  facility  and  energy  management.  essentially,  integrating  new  and  old  technologies  delivers  better  insight  and,  in  turn,  better  performance.  an  infrastructure  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization operational  intelligence  also  needs  to  be  secure,  scalable,  and  open.  the  latter  helps  deliver  a  holistic  vision  across  connected  systems  that  historically  have  been  operated  in  isolation.  this  intelligence  will  extend  to  the  outer  edges  of  networks.  intelligent  devices  can  be  automatically  discovered  and  integrated  to  bring  data  to  users,  while  at  the  same  time  processing  data  and  performing  some  control  functions  locally.  this  can  enhance  reliability  and  avoid  any  communication  latency  issues  associated  with  longdistance  connections.  for  facility  teams,  more  data  and  enhanced  functionality  will  support  more  informed  and  faster  decisionmaking.  however,  translating  granular  data  into  useful  information  requires
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  new  breed  of  analytic  dashboards  and  graphics  that  can  clearly  reveal  issues  and  opportunities.  for  example,  realtime  facility  operations  can  be  accurately  tracked  and  if  an  alarm  condition  arises  the  user  can  quickly  drill  down  to  isolate  the  cause  and  get  more  detail.  more  sophisticated  predictive  modeling  is  also  possible.  for  example,  the  energy  consumption  trend  of  a  facility  or  process  can  be  extrapolated  to  help  avoid  peak  demand  penalties,  or  uncover  spare  capacity  to  avoid  adding  equipment  unnecessarily.  by  modeling  facility  energy  needs  along  with  weather  and  utility  rate  data  you  can  optimize  energy  purchasing,  enable  participation  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  demand  response  program,  or  decide  on  the  best  times  of  day  to  consume  onsite  renewables.  the  risk  of  failure  can  be  predicted  for  critical  equipment  to  enable  proactive  servicing  or  replacement  to  avoid  expensive  downtime  and  losses.  the  evolution  of  iot  is  also  enabling  new  servicebased  models.  facility  teams  can  not  only  access  cloudbased  performance  tracking  and  analytic  tools,  but  also  share  those  with  service  providers  offering  maintenance,  efficiency  upgrades,  or  other  expertise.  ultimately,  the  trends  in  iot  are  defining  a  .  this  is  helping  facility  teams  gain  deeper  understanding,  boost  performance  and  comfort,  cut  costs,  streamline  maintenance,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization plan  for  a  more  sustainable  future.  schneider  electric  is  helping  organizations  make  their  facilities  smarter  with  a  broad  range  of  innovations,  from  iot  devices  and  connected  infrastructures,  to  advanced  analytic  applications  and  services.  in  the  next  post  in  this  series,  well  take  a  closer  look  at  the  in  intelligent  devices  at  the  electrical  circuit  level.  for  more  information  on  buildings  and  iot,  navigant,  advanced  sensors  for  intelligent  buildings,  2016  schneider  electric,  iot  how  connectivity  drives  operational  intelligence,  2015  schneider  electric,  every  thing  connected:  iot  the  internet  of  transformation  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  view  the  id
__label__assetoperationsoptimization charting  the  future  of  data  centers  and  cloud  computing.  as  iot  evolves,  managing  assets  and  white  space  remotely  becomes  more  challenging.  photo:  chatsworth  products  in  the  edition  of  ,ashish  moondra,  senior  product  manager,  power,  electronics  software,  at  chatsworth  products,  explores  how  to  simplify  data  center  operation  in  the  age  of  the  internet  of  things  iot.  ashish  moondra,  senior  product  manager,  power,  electronics  software,  chatsworth  products  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  expected  to  be  one  of  the  biggest  waves  in  the  world  of  computing  over  the  next  few  decades.  in  fact,  by  2020,  30  billion  things  are  projected  to  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization connected,  market  intelligence  firm  idc.  a  primary  enabling  technology  for  iot  is  edge  computing,  which  pushes  applications,  data  and  computing  services  away  from  centralized  data  centers  to  the  logical  extremes  of  the  network  for  better  latency  and  faster  processing.  as  iot  evolves,  managing  assets  and  white  space  remotely  becomes  more  challenging.  a  comprehensive  and  reliable  solution  that  works  together  to  simplify  operation,  costs  and  labor,  as  well  as  allows  for  network  expansion  is  key.  so,  how  do  we  make  this  simple?  data  center  managers  need  to  look  at  the  data  center  cabinet,  not  just  as  a  point  product,  but  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  foundation  of  a  complete  ecosystem.  a  complete  cabinet  ecosystem  approach  that  incorporates  an  integrated  hardware  solution,  all  networked  through  very  few  ip  addresses  and  managed  centrally  through  a  plugandplay  software  is  the  key  to  simplified  remote  management.  simply  put,  the  most  effective  and  direct  path  to  availability  and  reliability  is  to  address  infrastructure,  hardware  and  software  as  a  cohesive,  integrated  system.  here  is  my  sevenstep  approach  that  includes  the  following  key  elements:  when  selecting  a  cabinet  size,  you  are  designating  a  specific  amount  of  floor  space  that  will  store  a  specific  amount  of  equipment.  there  are  two  main  factors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  consider:  cabinet  footprint  and  cabinet  load  bearing  capacity.  the  proper  cabinet  ensures  maximum  space  utilization  and  protection  for  equipment  in  highdensity  environments.  clicktotweet  tweetthe  iot  is  expected  to  be  one  of  the  biggest  waves  in  the  world  of  computing  over  the  next  few  decades.  datacenters  quotethe  iot  is  expected  to  be  one  of  the  biggest  waves  in  the  world  of  computing  over  the  next  few  decades.  datacenters  an  effective  airflow  management  containment  strategy  allows  the  data  center  cabinet  to  support  highdensity  equipment,  while  bringing  in  energy  efficiency  and  lowering  cooling  costs.  door  perforation  ratio  and  provisions  for  airflow  management
__label__assetoperationsoptimization accessories  such  as  filler  panels  and  air  dams  are  important  but  often  neglected  considerations.  the  cabinet  should  include  specific  and  physically  separate  pathways  for  power,  network  and  access  control  cables,  as  well  as  mounting  locations  for  power  distribution  units  pdus  that  minimize  interference  with  airflow  through  the  cabinet.  power  management  is  critical  to  ensure  availability  of  all  it  applications,  in  addition  to  minimizing  the  overall  energy  footprint  of  the  data  center.  also,  by  tracking  power  use,  you  can  boost  operational  efficiency  by  managing  and  monitoring  power  at  the  rack  and  devicelevel.  in  the  iot  age,  a  useful  pdu  must  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization features  such  as  branch  and  outlet  monitoring  and  switching,  high  ambient  temperature  ratings  and  remote  manageability.  one  of  the  most  common  causes  of  downtime  is  hardware  failure  resulting  from  exceeded  temperature  or  humidity  levels  within  the  cabinet.  it  is  important  to  maintain  the  appropriate  temperature  levels  within  the  white  space,  as  they  have  a  strong  correlation  to  the  overall  energy  consumption  within  the  data  center.  a  good  strategy  is  to  place  a  temperature  and  humidity  probe  near  the  top  front  and  rear  of  each  cabinet.  current  computing  and  networking  trends  are  resulting  in  more  equipment  being  collocated  or  placed  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization remote  sites.  photo:  chatsworth  products  as  more  equipment  is  collocated  or  placed  in  remote  sites,  the  need  for  security  becomes  extremely  critical,  so  it  is  essential  that  access  to  it  equipment  within  cabinets  is  properly  controlled  and  managed.  a  networked  electronic  access  control  solution  at  the  cabinet  level  will  prevent  unauthorized  physical  access,  and  it  will  provide  administrators  with  an  audit  trail  of  all  authorized  and  unauthorized  access  attempts.  to  ensure  complete  control  over  access  within  the  data  center,  the  networked  electronic  access  control  chosen  should  be  monitored  through  the  integrated  dcim  solution  instead  of  the  building  management  systems  designed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  overall  campus  security.  this  limits  the  access  control  solution  only  to  members  of  the  organization  who  can  have  access  to  the  data  center.  furthermore,  to  meet  growing  compliance  regulations  such  as  hipaa,  pcidss  and  fisma,  take  security  a  step  further  by  adding  dualfactor  authentication  with  biometric  technology.  there  are  simple,  affordable  solutions  in  the  market  today  offering  access  cards  with  biometric  reading.  these  fingerprintactivated  cards  work  with  other  cardactivated  locks,  so  there  is  no  need  to  install  additional  readers  to  every  cabinet  for  dualfactor  authentication.  a  management  solution  that  consolidates  power,  environmental  and  access  control  should  be  considered.  management
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  all  physical  infrastructure  hardware  devices  within  the  white  space  should  require  minimal  ip  addresses  to  reduce  overall  networking  costs  and  complexity.  ip  consolidation  allows  you  to  save  thousands  in  networking  costs,  as  this  free,  online  estimator  .  a  simple,  yet  robust,  data  center  infrastructure  management  dcim  software  that  helps  you  visualize  trends  of  all  power,  environmental  and  access  control  activities  in  the  room  and  cabinet  in  a  single  screen  brings  the  concept  of  simplified  white  space  management  home.  when  procuring  dcim  software,  focus  on  simplicity,  usefulness  and  easy  deployment.  to  ensure  proper  security,  the  overall  management  solution  should  use
__label__assetoperationsoptimization encrypted  communications  and  it  should  be  well  integrated  with  the  remote  authentication  scheme  being  used  within  the  datacenter.  in  addition  to  satisfying  all  of  the  technical  product  requirements  and  recommended  key  features  addressed  above,  you  should  consider  a  solution  provider  that  offers  the  following  benefits:  current  computing  and  networking  trends  are  resulting  in  more  equipment  being  collocated  or  placed  in  remote  sites.  optimizing  higher  density  and  remote  sites  requires  a  holistic  approach  to  fitting  and  monitoring  in  the  white  space.  the  way  to  simplify  the  complexities  of  the  iot  is  to  implement  a  cabinet  ecosystem  is  the  foundation  for  simple,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reliable  operation.  an  effective  cabinet  ecosystem  that  allows  you  to  consistently  support,  organize,  manage,  control,  monitor,  protect,  optimize  and  simplify  your  operations.  chatsworth  products  cpi  recently  published  a  white  paper  describing  how  each  solution  is  an  integral  part  of  the  cabinet  ecosystem.  the  white  paper  here.  ashish  moondra  is  senior  product  manager,  power,  electronics  software  at  chatsworth  products.  are  you  a  new  reader?  follow  data  center  frontier  on  or  .  our  voice  of  the  industry  feature  showcases  guest  articles  on  thought  leadership  from  sponsors  of  data  center  frontier.  for  more  information,  see  our  description  and  guidelines..  required  fields  are  marked
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  hyperscale  data  center  is  reshaping  the  global  it  landscape,  shifting  data  from  onpremises  computer  rooms  and  it  closets  to  massive  centralized  data  center  hubs.  explore  further  how  cloud  campuses  will  continue  to  enable  hyperscale  operators  to  rapidly  add  server  capacity  and  electric  power.  the  northern  virginia  data  center  market  is  seeing  a  surge  in  supply  and  an  even  bigger  surge  in  demand.  data  center  frontier  explores  trends,  stats  and  future  expectations  for  the  no.  1  data  center  market  in  the  country.  choosing  the  right  partner  is  critical  in  establishing  a  seamless  data  center  migration.  success  lies  deep  within  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization details.  download  the  new  iron  mountain  white  paper  to  explore  the  10  steps  to  data  center  migration  success.  data  center  frontier,  in  partnership  with  open  spectrum,  brings  our  readers  a  series  that  provides  an  introductory  guidebook  to  the  ins  and  outs  of  the  data  center  and  colocation  industry.  think  power  systems,  cooling,  solutions,  data  center  contracts  and  more.  the  data  center  101  special  report  series  is  directed  to  those  new  to  the  industry,  or  those  of  our  readers  who  need  to  brush  up  on  the  basics.  copyright  data  center  frontier  llc  2019
__label__assetoperationsoptimization information  technology  is  revolutionizing  products,  from  appliances  to  cars  to  mining  equipment.  products  once  composed  solely  of  mechanical  and  electrical  parts  have  become  complex  systems  combining  hardware,  sensors,  electronics,  and  software  that  connect  through  the  internet  in  myriad  ways.  these  smart,  connected  products  offer  exponentially  expanding  opportunities  for  new  functionality,  far  greater  reliability,  and  capabilities  that  cut  across  and  transcend  traditional  product  boundaries.  the  changing  nature  of  products  is  disrupting  value  chains,  argue  michael  porter  and  ptc  ceo  james  heppelmann,  and  forcing  companies  to  rethink  nearly  everything  they  do,  from  how  they  conceive,  design,  and  source  their  products;  to  how
__label__assetoperationsoptimization they  manufacture,  operate,  and  service  them;  to  how  they  build  and  secure  the  necessary  it  infrastructure.  smart,  connected  products  raise  a  broad  set  of  new  strategic  choices  for  companies  about  how  value  is  created  and  captured,  how  to  work  with  traditional  partners  and  what  new  partnerships  will  be  required,  and  how  to  secure  competitive  advantage  as  the  new  capabilities  reshape  industry  boundaries.  for  many  firms,  smart,  connected  products  will  force  the  fundamental  question:  what  business  am  i  in?  this  article  provides  a  framework  for  developing  strategy  and  achieving  competitive  advantage  in  a  smart,  connected  world.  information  technology  is  revolutionizing  products.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization once  composed  solely  of  mechanical  and  electrical  parts,  products  have  become  complex  systems  that  combine  hardware,  sensors,  data  storage,  microprocessors,  software,  and  connectivity  in  myriad  ways.  these  smart,  connected  productsmade  possible  by  vast  improvements  in  processing  power  and  device  miniaturization  and  by  the  network  benefits  of  ubiquitous  wireless  connectivityhave  unleashed  a  new  era  of  competition.  smart,  connected  products  offer  exponentially  expanding  opportunities  for  new  functionality,  far  greater  reliability,  much  higher  product  utilization,  and  capabilities  that  cut  across  and  transcend  traditional  product  boundaries.  the  changing  nature  of  products  is  also  disrupting  value  chains,  forcing  companies  to  rethink  and  retool  nearly  everything
__label__assetoperationsoptimization they  do  internally.  these  new  types  of  products  alter  industry  structure  and  the  nature  of  competition,  exposing  companies  to  new  competitive  opportunities  and  threats.  they  are  reshaping  industry  boundaries  and  creating  entirely  new  industries.  in  many  companies,  smart,  connected  products  will  force  the  fundamental  question,  what  business  am  i  in?  smart,  connected  products  raise  a  new  set  of  strategic  choices  related  to  how  value  is  created  and  captured,  how  the  prodigious  amount  of  new  and  sensitive  data  they  generate  is  utilized  and  managed,  how  relationships  with  traditional  business  partners  such  as  channels  are  redefined,  and  what  role  companies  should  play
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  industry  boundaries  are  expanded.  the  phrase  internet  of  things  has  arisen  to  reflect  the  growing  number  of  smart,  connected  products  and  highlight  the  new  opportunities  they  can  represent.  yet  this  phrase  is  not  very  helpful  in  understanding  the  phenomenon  or  its  implications.  the  internet,  whether  involving  people  or  things,  is  simply  a  mechanism  for  transmitting  information.  what  makes  smart,  connected  products  fundamentally  different  is  not  the  internet,  but  the  changing  nature  of  the  things.  it  is  the  expanded  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  and  the  data  they  generate  that  are  ushering  in  a  new  era  of  competition.  companies  must
__label__assetoperationsoptimization look  beyond  the  technologies  themselves  to  the  competitive  transformation  taking  place.  this  article,  and  a  companion  piece  to  be  published  soon  in  hbr,  will  deconstruct  the  smart,  connected  products  revolution  and  explore  its  strategic  and  operational  implications.  twice  before  over  the  past  50  years,  information  technology  radically  reshaped  competition  and  strategy;  we  now  stand  at  the  brink  of  a  third  transformation.  before  the  advent  of  modern  information  technology,  products  were  mechanical  and  activities  in  the  value  chain  were  performed  using  manual,  paper  processes  and  verbal  communication.  the  first  wave  of  it,  during  the  1960s  and  1970s,  automated  individual  activities  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  value  chain,  from  order  processing  and  bill  paying  to  computeraided  design  and  manufacturing  resource  planning.  see  by  michael  porter  and  victor  millar,  hbr,  july  1985.  the  productivity  of  activities  dramatically  increased,  in  part  because  huge  amounts  of  new  data  could  be  captured  and  analyzed  in  each  activity.  this  led  to  the  standardization  of  processes  across  companiesand  raised  a  dilemma  for  companies  about  how  to  capture  its  operational  benefits  while  maintaining  distinctive  strategies.  the  rise  of  the  internet,  with  its  inexpensive  and  ubiquitous  connectivity,  unleashed  the  second  wave  of  itdriven  transformation,  in  the  1980s  and  1990s  see  michael  porters  hbr,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization march  2001.  this  enabled  coordination  and  integration  across  individual  activities;  with  outside  suppliers,  channels,  and  customers;  and  across  geography.  it  allowed  firms,  for  example,  to  closely  integrate  globally  distributed  supply  chains.  the  first  two  waves  gave  rise  to  huge  productivity  gains  and  growth  across  the  economy.  while  the  value  chain  was  transformed,  however,  products  themselves  were  largely  unaffected.  more  now,  in  the  third  wave,  it  is  becoming  an  integral  part  of  the  product  itself.  embedded  sensors,  processors,  software,  and  connectivity  in  products  in  effect,  computers  are  being  put  inside  products,  coupled  with  a  product  cloud  in  which  product  data  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization stored  and  analyzed  and  some  applications  are  run,  are  driving  dramatic  improvements  in  product  functionality  and  performance.  massive  amounts  of  new  productusage  data  enable  many  of  those  improvements.  another  leap  in  productivity  in  the  economy  will  be  unleashed  by  these  new  and  better  products.  in  addition,  producing  them  will  reshape  the  value  chain  yet  again,  by  changing  product  design,  marketing,  manufacturing,  and  aftersale  service  and  by  creating  the  need  for  new  activities  such  as  product  data  analytics  and  security.  this  will  drive  yet  another  wave  of  valuechainbased  productivity  improvement.  the  third  wave  of  itdriven  transformation  thus  has  the  potential  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  the  biggest  yet,  triggering  even  more  innovation,  productivity  gains,  and  economic  growth  than  the  previous  two.  some  have  suggested  that  the  internet  of  things  changes  everything,  but  that  is  a  dangerous  oversimplification.  as  with  the  internet  itself,  smart,  connected  products  reflect  a  whole  new  set  of  technological  possibilities  that  have  emerged.  but  the  rules  of  competition  and  competitive  advantage  remain  the  same.  navigating  the  world  of  smart,  connected  products  requires  that  companies  understand  these  rules  better  than  ever.  smart,  connected  products  have  three  core  elements:  physical  components,  smart  components,  and  connectivity  components.  smart  components  amplify  the  capabilities  and  value
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  physical  components,  while  connectivity  amplifies  the  capabilities  and  value  of  the  smart  components  and  enables  some  of  them  to  exist  outside  the  physical  product  itself.  the  result  is  a  virtuous  cycle  of  value  improvement.  some  have  suggested  that  the  internet  of  things  changes  everything,  but  that  is  a  dangerous  oversimplification.  physical  components  comprise  the  products  mechanical  and  electrical  parts.  in  a  car,  for  example,  these  include  the  engine  block,  tires,  and  batteries.  smart  components  comprise  the  sensors,  microprocessors,  data  storage,  controls,  software,  and,  typically,  an  embedded  operating  system  and  enhanced  user  interface.  in  a  car,  for  example,  smart
__label__assetoperationsoptimization components  include  the  engine  control  unit,  antilock  braking  system,  rainsensing  windshields  with  automated  wipers,  and  touch  screen  displays.  in  many  products,  software  replaces  some  hardware  components  or  enables  a  single  physical  device  to  perform  at  a  variety  of  levels.  connectivity  components  comprise  the  ports,  antennae,  and  protocols  enabling  wired  or  wireless  connections  with  the  product.  connectivity  takes  three  forms,  which  can  be  present  together:  connectivity  serves  a  dual  purpose.  first,  it  allows  information  to  be  exchanged  between  the  product  and  its  operating  environment,  its  maker,  its  users,  and  other  products  and  systems.  second,  connectivity  enables  some  functions  of  the  product
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  exist  outside  the  physical  device,  in  what  is  known  as  the  product  cloud.  for  example,  in  boses  new  wifi  system,  a  smartphone  application  running  in  the  product  cloud  streams  music  to  the  system  from  the  internet.  to  achieve  high  levels  of  functionality,  all  three  types  of  connectivity  are  necessary.  more  smart,  connected  products  are  emerging  across  all  manufacturing  sectors.  in  heavy  machinery,  schindlers  port  technology  reduces  elevator  wait  times  by  as  much  as  50  by  predicting  elevator  demand  patterns,  calculating  the  fastest  time  to  destination,  and  assigning  the  appropriate  elevator  to  move  passengers  quickly.  in  the  energy  sector,  abbs
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smart  grid  technology  enables  utilities  to  analyze  huge  amounts  of  realtime  data  across  a  wide  range  of  generating,  transforming,  and  distribution  equipment  manufactured  by  abb  as  well  as  others,  such  as  changes  in  the  temperature  of  transformers  and  secondary  substations.  this  alerts  utility  control  centers  to  possible  overload  conditions,  allowing  adjustments  that  can  prevent  blackouts  before  they  occur.  in  consumer  goods,  big  ass  ceiling  fans  sense  and  engage  automatically  when  a  person  enters  a  room,  regulate  speed  on  the  basis  of  temperature  and  humidity,  and  recognize  individual  user  preferences  and  adjust  accordingly.  why  now?  an  array  of  innovations  across  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization technology  landscape  have  converged  to  make  smart,  connected  products  technically  and  economically  feasible.  these  include  breakthroughs  in  the  performance,  miniaturization,  and  energy  efficiency  of  sensors  and  batteries;  highly  compact,  lowcost  computer  processing  power  and  data  storage,  which  make  it  feasible  to  put  computers  inside  products;  cheap  connectivity  ports  and  ubiquitous,  lowcost  wireless  connectivity;  tools  that  enable  rapid  software  development;  big  data  analytics;  and  a  new  ipv6  internet  registration  system  opening  up  340  trillion  trillion  trillion  potential  new  internet  addresses  for  individual  devices,  with  protocols  that  support  greater  security,  simplify  handoffs  as  devices  move  across  networks,  and  allow  devices  to  request
__label__assetoperationsoptimization addresses  autonomously  without  the  need  for  it  support.  smart,  connected  products  require  that  companies  build  an  entirely  new  technology  infrastructure,  consisting  of  a  series  of  layers  known  as  a  technology  stack  see  the  exhibit  the  new  technology  stack.  this  includes  modified  hardware,  software  applications,  and  an  operating  system  embedded  in  the  product  itself;  network  communications  to  support  connectivity;  and  a  product  cloud  software  running  on  the  manufacturers  or  a  thirdparty  server  containing  the  productdata  database,  a  platform  for  building  software  applications,  a  rules  engine  and  analytics  platform,  and  smart  product  applications  that  are  not  embedded  in  the  product.  cutting  across
__label__assetoperationsoptimization all  the  layers  is  an  identity  and  security  structure,  a  gateway  for  accessing  external  data,  and  tools  that  connect  the  data  from  smart,  connected  products  to  other  business  systems  for  example,  erp  and  crm  systems.  smart,  connected  products  require  companies  to  build  and  support  an  entirely  new  technology  infrastructure.  this  technology  stack  is  made  up  of  multiple  layers,  including  new  product  hardware,  embedded  software,  connectivity,  a  product  cloud  consisting  of  software  running  on  remote  servers,  a  suite  of  security  tools,  a  gateway  for  external  information  sources,  and  integration  with  enterprise  business  systems.  this  technology  enables  not  only  rapid  product  application
__label__assetoperationsoptimization development  and  operation  but  the  collection,  analysis,  and  sharing  of  the  potentially  huge  amounts  of  longitudinal  data  generated  inside  and  outside  the  products  that  has  never  been  available  before.  building  and  supporting  the  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected  products  requires  substantial  investment  and  a  range  of  new  skillssuch  as  software  development,  systems  engineering,  data  analytics,  and  online  security  expertisethat  are  rarely  found  in  manufacturing  companies.  intelligence  and  connectivity  enable  an  entirely  new  set  of  product  functions  and  capabilities,  which  can  be  grouped  into  four  areas:  monitoring,  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  a  product  can  potentially  incorporate  all  four  see  the  exhibit
__label__assetoperationsoptimization capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products.  each  capability  is  valuable  in  its  own  right  and  also  sets  the  stage  for  the  next  level.  for  example,  monitoring  capabilities  are  the  foundation  for  product  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  a  company  must  choose  the  set  of  capabilities  that  deliver  its  customer  value  and  define  its  competitive  positioning.  the  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  can  be  grouped  into  four  areas:  monitoring,  control,  optimization,  and  autonomy.  each  builds  on  the  preceding  one;  to  have  control  capability,  for  example,  a  product  must  have  monitoring  capability.  smart,  connected  products  enable  the  comprehensive  monitoring  of  a  products  condition,  operation,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  external  environment  through  sensors  and  external  data  sources.  using  data,  a  product  can  alert  users  or  others  to  changes  in  circumstances  or  performance.  monitoring  also  allows  companies  and  customers  to  track  a  products  operating  characteristics  and  history  and  to  better  understand  how  the  product  is  actually  used.  this  data  has  important  implications  for  design  by  reducing  overengineering,  for  example,  market  segmentation  through  the  analysis  of  usage  patterns  by  customer  type,  and  aftersale  service  by  allowing  the  dispatch  of  the  right  technician  with  the  right  part,  thus  improving  the  firsttime  fix  rate.  monitoring  data  may  also  reveal  warranty  compliance  issues
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  well  as  new  sales  opportunities,  such  as  the  need  for  additional  product  capacity  because  of  high  utilization.  in  some  cases,  such  as  medical  devices,  monitoring  is  the  core  element  of  value  creation.  medtronics  digital  bloodglucose  meter  uses  a  sensor  inserted  under  the  patients  skin  to  measure  glucose  levels  in  tissue  fluid  and  connects  wirelessly  to  a  device  that  alerts  patients  and  clinicians  up  to  30  minutes  before  a  patient  reaches  a  threshold  bloodglucose  level,  enabling  appropriate  therapy  adjustments.  monitoring  capabilities  can  span  multiple  products  across  distances.  joy  global,  a  leading  mining  equipment  manufacturer,  monitors  operating  conditions,  safety  parameters,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization predictive  service  indicators  for  entire  fleets  of  equipment  far  underground.  joy  also  monitors  operating  parameters  across  multiple  mines  in  different  countries  for  benchmarking  purposes.  more  smart,  connected  products  can  be  controlled  through  remote  commands  or  algorithms  that  are  built  into  the  device  or  reside  in  the  product  cloud.  algorithms  are  rules  that  direct  the  product  to  respond  to  specified  changes  in  its  condition  or  environment  for  example,  if  pressure  gets  too  high,  shut  off  the  valve  or  when  traffic  in  a  parking  garage  reaches  a  certain  level,  turn  the  overhead  lighting  on  or  off.  control  through  software  embedded  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization product  or  the  cloud  allows  the  customization  of  product  performance  to  a  degree  that  previously  was  not  cost  effective  or  often  even  possible.  the  same  technology  also  enables  users  to  control  and  personalize  their  interaction  with  the  product  in  many  new  ways.  for  example,  users  can  adjust  their  philips  lighting  hue  lightbulbs  via  smartphone,  turning  them  on  and  off,  programming  them  to  blink  red  if  an  intruder  is  detected,  or  dimming  them  slowly  at  night.  doorbot,  a  smart,  connected  doorbell  and  lock,  allows  customers  to  give  visitors  access  to  the  home  remotely  after  screening  them  on  their  smartphones.  the  rich
__label__assetoperationsoptimization flow  of  monitoring  data  from  smart,  connected  products,  coupled  with  the  capacity  to  control  product  operation,  allows  companies  to  optimize  product  performance  in  numerous  ways,  many  of  which  have  not  been  previously  possible.  smart,  connected  products  can  apply  algorithms  and  analytics  to  inuse  or  historical  data  to  dramatically  improve  output,  utilization,  and  efficiency.  in  wind  turbines,  for  instance,  a  local  microcontroller  can  adjust  each  blade  on  every  revolution  to  capture  maximum  wind  energy.  and  each  turbine  can  be  adjusted  to  not  only  improve  its  performance  but  minimize  its  impact  on  the  efficiency  of  those  nearby.  realtime  monitoring  data  on  product
__label__assetoperationsoptimization condition  and  product  control  capability  enables  firms  to  optimize  service  by  performing  preventative  maintenance  when  failure  is  imminent  and  accomplishing  repairs  remotely,  thereby  reducing  product  downtime  and  the  need  to  dispatch  repair  personnel.  even  when  onsite  repair  is  required,  advance  information  about  what  is  broken,  what  parts  are  needed,  and  how  to  accomplish  the  fix  reduces  service  costs  and  improves  firsttime  fix  rates.  diebold,  for  example,  monitors  many  of  its  automated  teller  machines  for  early  signs  of  trouble.  after  assessing  a  malfunctioning  atms  status,  the  machine  is  repaired  remotely  if  possible,  or  the  company  deploys  a  technician  who  has  been
__label__assetoperationsoptimization given  a  detailed  diagnosis  of  the  problem,  a  recommended  repair  process,  and,  often,  the  needed  parts.  finally,  like  many  smart,  connected  products,  diebolds  atms  can  be  updated  when  they  are  due  for  feature  enhancements.  often  these  can  occur  remotely,  via  software.  monitoring,  control,  and  optimization  capabilities  combine  to  allow  smart,  connected  products  to  achieve  a  previously  unattainable  level  of  autonomy.  at  the  simplest  level  is  autonomous  product  operation  like  that  of  the  irobot  roomba,  a  vacuum  cleaner  that  uses  sensors  and  software  to  scan  and  clean  floors  in  rooms  with  different  layouts.  moresophisticated  products  are  able  to  learn  about  their
__label__assetoperationsoptimization environment,  selfdiagnose  their  own  service  needs,  and  adapt  to  users  preferences.  autonomy  not  only  can  reduce  the  need  for  operators  but  can  improve  safety  in  dangerous  environments  and  facilitate  operation  in  remote  locations.  autonomous  products  can  also  act  in  coordination  with  other  products  and  systems.  the  value  of  these  capabilities  can  grow  exponentially  as  more  and  more  products  become  connected.  for  example,  the  energy  efficiency  of  the  electric  grid  increases  as  more  smart  meters  are  connected,  allowing  the  utility  to  gain  insight  into  and  respond  to  demand  patterns  over  time.  ultimately,  products  can  function  with  complete  autonomy,  applying  algorithms  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization utilize  data  about  their  performance  and  their  environmentincluding  the  activity  of  other  products  in  the  systemand  leveraging  their  ability  to  communicate  with  other  products.  human  operators  merely  monitor  performance  or  watch  over  the  fleet  or  the  system,  rather  than  individual  units.  joy  globals  longwall  mining  system,  for  example,  is  able  to  operate  autonomously  far  underground,  overseen  by  a  mine  control  center  on  the  surface.  equipment  is  monitored  continuously  for  performance  and  faults,  and  technicians  are  dispatched  underground  to  deal  with  issues  requiring  human  intervention.  to  understand  the  effects  of  smart,  connected  products  on  industry  competition  and  profitability,  we  must  examine
__label__assetoperationsoptimization their  impact  on  industry  structure.  in  any  industry,  competition  is  driven  by  five  competitive  forces:  the  bargaining  power  of  buyers,  the  nature  and  intensity  of  the  rivalry  among  existing  competitors,  the  threat  of  new  entrants,  the  threat  of  substitute  products  or  services,  and  the  bargaining  power  of  suppliers.  the  composition  and  strength  of  these  forces  collectively  determine  the  nature  of  industry  competition  and  the  average  profitability  for  incumbent  competitors.  industry  structure  changes  when  new  technology,  customer  needs,  or  other  factors  shift  these  five  forces.  smart,  connected  products  will  substantially  affect  structure  in  many  industries,  as  did  the  previous  wave  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization internetenabled  it.  the  effects  will  be  greatest  in  manufacturing  industries.  smart,  connected  products  will  have  a  transformative  effect  on  industry  structure.  provide  the  framework  necessary  for  understanding  the  significance  of  these  changes.  more  smart,  connected  products  dramatically  expand  opportunities  for  product  differentiation,  moving  competition  away  from  price  alone.  knowing  how  customers  actually  use  the  products  enhances  a  companys  ability  to  segment  customers,  customize  products,  set  prices  to  better  capture  value,  and  extend  valueadded  services.  smart,  connected  products  also  allow  companies  to  develop  much  closer  customer  relationships.  through  capturing  rich  historical  and  productusage  data,  buyers  costs  of  switching  to  a  new
__label__assetoperationsoptimization supplier  increase.  in  addition,  smart,  connected  products  allow  firms  to  reduce  their  dependency  on  distribution  or  service  partners,  or  even  disintermediate  them,  thereby  capturing  more  profit.  all  of  this  serves  to  mitigate  or  reduce  buyers  bargaining  power.  ge  aviation,  for  example,  is  now  able  to  provide  more  services  to  end  users  directlya  move  that  improves  its  power  relative  to  its  immediate  customers,  the  airframe  manufacturers.  information  gathered  from  hundreds  of  engine  sensors,  for  example,  allows  ge  and  airlines  to  optimize  engine  performance  by  identifying  discrepancies  between  expected  and  actual  performance.  ges  analysis  of  fueluse  data,  for  example,  allowed  the  italian
__label__assetoperationsoptimization airline  alitalia  to  identify  changes  to  its  flight  procedures,  such  as  the  position  of  wing  flaps  during  landing,  that  reduced  fuel  use.  ges  deep  relationship  with  the  airlines  serves  to  improve  differentiation  with  them  while  improving  its  clout  with  airframe  manufacturers.  however,  smart,  connected  products  can  increase  buyer  power  by  giving  buyers  a  better  understanding  of  true  product  performance,  allowing  them  to  play  one  manufacturer  off  another.  buyers  may  also  find  that  having  access  to  product  usage  data  can  decrease  their  reliance  on  the  manufacturer  for  advice  and  support.  finally,  compared  with  ownership  models,  product  as  a  service  business  models
__label__assetoperationsoptimization or  productsharing  services  discussed  below  can  increase  buyers  power  by  reducing  the  cost  of  switching  to  a  new  manufacturer.  smart,  connected  products  have  the  potential  to  shift  rivalry,  opening  up  numerous  new  avenues  for  differentiation  and  valueadded  services.  these  products  also  enable  firms  to  tailor  offerings  to  morespecific  segments  of  the  market,  and  even  customize  products  for  individual  customers,  further  enhancing  differentiation  and  price  realization.  smart,  connected  products  also  create  opportunities  to  broaden  the  value  proposition  beyond  products  per  se,  to  include  valuable  data  and  enhanced  service  offerings.  babolat,  for  example,  has  produced  tennis  rackets  and  related  equipment  for  140
__label__assetoperationsoptimization years.  with  its  new  babolat  play  pure  drive  system,  which  puts  sensors  and  connectivity  in  the  racket  handle,  the  company  now  offers  a  service  to  help  players  improve  their  game  through  the  tracking  and  analysis  of  ball  speed,  spin,  and  impact  location,  delivered  through  a  smartphone  application.  offsetting  this  shift  in  rivalry  away  from  price  is  the  migration  of  the  cost  structure  of  smart,  connected  products  toward  higher  fixed  costs  and  lower  variable  costs.  this  results  from  the  higher  upfront  costs  of  software  development,  morecomplex  product  design,  and  high  fixed  costs  of  developing  the  technology  stack,  including  reliable  connectivity,  robust
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  storage,  analytics,  and  security  see  again  the  exhibit  the  new  technology  stack.  industries  with  high  fixed  cost  structures  are  vulnerable  to  price  pressure  as  firms  seek  to  spread  their  fixed  costs  across  a  larger  number  of  units  sold.  the  huge  expansion  of  capabilities  in  smart,  connected  products  may  also  tempt  companies  to  get  into  a  feature  and  function  arms  race  with  rivals  and  give  away  too  much  of  the  improved  product  performance,  a  dynamic  that  escalates  costs  and  erodes  industry  profitability.  finally,  rivalry  among  competitors  can  also  increase  as  smart,  connected  products  become  part  of  broader  product  systems,  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization trend  we  will  discuss  further.  for  example,  manufacturers  of  home  lighting,  audiovisual  entertainment  equipment,  and  climate  control  systems  have  not  historically  competed  with  one  another.  yet  each  is  now  vying  for  a  place  in  the  emerging  connected  home  that  integrates  and  adds  intelligence  to  a  wide  array  of  products  in  the  home.  more  new  entrants  in  a  smart,  connected  world  face  significant  new  obstacles,  starting  with  the  high  fixed  costs  of  morecomplex  product  design,  embedded  technology,  and  multiple  layers  of  new  it  infrastructure.  for  example,  thermo  fishers  trudefender  fti  chemical  analyzer  added  connectivity  to  a  product  that  already  had  smart
__label__assetoperationsoptimization functionality,  to  enable  chemical  analysis  from  hazardous  environments  to  be  transmitted  to  users  and  mitigation  to  begin  without  having  to  wait  for  the  machine  and  personnel  to  be  decontaminated.  thermo  fisher  needed  to  build  a  complete  product  cloud  to  securely  capture,  analyze,  and  store  product  data  and  distribute  it  both  internally  and  to  customers,  a  substantial  undertaking.  smart,  connected  products  ultimately  can  function  with  complete  autonomy.  human  operators  merely  monitor  performance  or  watch  over  the  fleet  or  the  system,  rather  than  over  individual  units.  broadening  product  definitions  can  raise  barriers  to  entrants  even  higher.  biotronik,  a  medical  device  company,  initially
__label__assetoperationsoptimization manufactured  standalone  pacemakers,  insulin  pumps,  and  other  devices.  now  it  offers  smart,  connected  devices,  such  as  a  home  healthmonitoring  system  that  includes  a  data  processing  center  that  allows  physicians  to  remotely  monitor  their  patients  devices  and  clinical  status.  barriers  to  entry  also  rise  when  agile  incumbents  capture  critical  firstmover  advantages  by  collecting  and  accumulating  product  data  and  using  it  to  improve  products  and  services  and  to  redefine  aftersale  service.  smart,  connected  products  can  also  increase  buyer  loyalty  and  switching  costs,  further  raising  barriers  to  entry.  barriers  to  entry  go  down,  however,  when  smart,  connected  products  leapfrog  or  invalidate  the  strengths
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  assets  of  incumbents.  moreover,  incumbents  may  hesitate  to  fully  embrace  the  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products,  preferring  to  protect  hardwarebased  strengths  and  profitable  legacy  parts  and  service  businesses.  this  opens  the  door  to  new  competitors,  such  as  the  productless  onfarm,  which  is  successfully  competing  with  traditional  agricultural  equipment  makers  to  provide  services  to  farmers  through  collecting  data  on  multiple  types  of  farm  equipment  to  help  growers  make  better  decisions,  avoiding  the  need  to  be  an  equipment  manufacturer  at  all.  in  home  automation,  crestron,  an  integration  solution  provider,  offers  complex,  dedicated  home  systems  with  rich  user  interfaces.  product  companies  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization also  facing  challenges  from  other  nontraditional  competitors  like  apple,  which  recently  launched  a  simpler,  smartphonebased  approach  to  managing  the  connected  home.  smart,  connected  products  can  offer  superior  performance,  customization,  and  customer  value  relative  to  traditional  substitute  products,  reducing  substitution  threats  and  improving  industry  growth  and  profitability.  however,  in  many  industries  smart,  connected  products  create  new  types  of  substitution  threats,  such  as  wider  product  capabilities  that  subsume  conventional  products.  for  example,  fitbits  wearable  fitness  device,  which  captures  multiple  types  of  healthrelated  data  including  activity  levels  and  sleep  patterns,  is  a  substitute  for  conventional  devices  such  as  running  watches  and  pedometers.  new
__label__assetoperationsoptimization business  models  enabled  by  smart,  connected  products  can  create  a  substitute  for  product  ownership,  reducing  overall  demand  for  a  product.  productasaservice  business  models,  for  example,  allow  users  to  have  full  access  to  a  product  but  pay  only  for  the  amount  of  product  they  use.  a  variation  of  productasaservice  is  the  sharedusage  model.  zipcar,  for  example,  provides  customers  with  realtime  access  to  vehicles  when  and  where  they  need  them.  this  substitutes  for  car  ownership  and  has  led  traditional  automakers  to  enter  the  carsharing  market  with  offerings  such  as  relayrides  from  gm,  drivenow  from  bmw,  and  dash  from  toyota.  another  example  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization shared  bike  systems,  which  are  springing  up  in  more  and  more  cities.  a  smartphone  application  shows  the  location  of  docking  stations  where  bikes  can  be  picked  up  and  returned,  and  users  are  monitored  and  charged  for  the  amount  of  time  they  use  the  bikes.  clearly,  shared  usage  will  reduce  the  need  for  urban  residents  to  own  bikes,  but  it  may  encourage  more  residents  to  use  bikes  since  they  do  not  have  to  buy  and  store  them.  convenient  shared  bikes  will  be  a  substitute  not  only  for  purchased  bikes  but  potentially  for  cars  and  other  forms  of  urban  transportation.  smart,  connected
__label__assetoperationsoptimization capabilities  make  such  substitutions  for  full  ownership  possible.  more  smart,  connected  products  are  shaking  up  traditional  supplier  relationships  and  redistributing  bargaining  power.  as  the  smart  and  connectivity  components  of  products  deliver  more  value  relative  to  physical  components,  the  physical  components  can  be  commoditized  or  even  replaced  by  software  over  time.  software  also  reduces  the  need  for  physical  tailoring  and  hence  the  number  of  physical  component  varieties.  the  importance  of  traditional  suppliers  to  total  product  cost  will  often  decline,  and  their  bargaining  power  will  fall.  however,  smart,  connected  products  often  introduce  powerful  new  suppliers  that  manufacturers  have  never  needed  before:  providers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  sensors,  software,  connectivity,  embedded  operating  systems,  and  data  storage,  analytics,  and  other  parts  of  the  technology  stack.  some  of  these,  like  google,  apple,  and  att,  are  giants  in  their  own  industries.  they  have  talent  and  capabilities  that  most  manufacturing  companies  have  not  historically  needed  but  that  are  becoming  essential  to  product  differentiation  and  cost.  the  bargaining  power  of  those  new  suppliers  can  be  high,  allowing  them  to  capture  a  bigger  share  of  overall  product  value  and  reduce  manufacturers  profitability.  a  good  example  of  these  new  types  of  suppliers  is  the  open  automotive  alliance,  in  which  general  motors,  honda,  audi,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  hyundai  recently  joined  forces  to  utilize  googles  android  operating  system  for  their  vehicles.  the  auto  oems  lacked  the  specialized  capabilities  needed  to  develop  a  robust  embedded  operating  system  that  delivers  an  excellent  user  experience  while  enabling  an  ecosystem  of  developers  to  build  applications.  auto  oems  traditional  clout  relative  to  suppliers  is  greatly  diminished  with  suppliers  like  google,  which  have  not  only  substantial  resources  and  expertise  but  also  strong  consumer  brands  and  numerous  related  applications  for  example,  consumers  may  prefer  a  car  that  can  sync  with  their  smartphone,  music,  and  apps.  new  suppliers  of  the  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected
__label__assetoperationsoptimization products  may  also  gain  greater  leverage  given  their  relationships  with  end  users  and  access  to  product  usage  data.  as  suppliers  capture  product  usage  data  from  end  users,  they  can  also  provide  new  services  to  them,  as  ge  has  done  with  alitalia.  the  powerful  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  not  only  reshape  competition  within  an  industry,  but  they  can  expand  the  very  definition  of  the  industry  itself.  the  competitive  boundaries  of  an  industry  widen  to  encompass  a  set  of  related  products  that  together  meet  a  broader  underlying  need.  the  function  of  one  product  is  optimized  with  other  related  products.  for  example,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization integrating  smart,  connected  farm  equipmentsuch  as  tractors,  tillers,  and  planterscan  enable  better  overall  equipment  performance.  the  basis  of  competition  thus  shifts  from  the  functionality  of  a  discrete  product  to  the  performance  of  the  broader  product  system,  in  which  the  firm  is  just  one  actor.  the  manufacturer  can  now  offer  a  package  of  connected  equipment  and  related  services  that  optimize  overall  results.  thus  in  the  farm  example,  the  industry  expands  from  tractor  manufacturing  to  farm  equipment  optimization.  in  mining,  joy  global  has  shifted  from  optimizing  the  performance  of  individual  pieces  of  mining  equipment  to  optimizing  across  the  fleet  of  equipment  deployed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  the  mine.  industry  boundaries  expand  from  discrete  types  of  mining  machines  to  mining  equipment  systems.  the  increasing  capabilities  of  smart,  connected  products  not  only  reshape  competition  within  industries  but  expand  industry  boundaries.  this  occurs  as  the  basis  of  competition  shifts  from  discrete  products,  to  product  systems  consisting  of  closely  related  products,  to  systems  of  systems  that  link  an  array  of  product  systems  together.  a  tractor  company,  for  example,  may  find  itself  competing  in  a  broader  farm  automation  industry.  increasingly,  however,  industry  boundaries  are  expanding  even  beyond  product  systems  to  systems  of  systemsthat  is,  a  set  of  disparate  product  systems
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  well  as  related  external  information  that  can  be  coordinated  and  optimized,  such  as  a  smart  building,  a  smart  home,  or  a  smart  city.  john  deere  and  agco,  for  example,  are  beginning  to  connect  not  only  farm  machinery  but  irrigation  systems  and  soil  and  nutrient  sources  with  information  on  weather,  crop  prices,  and  commodity  futures  to  optimize  overall  farm  performance.  smart  homes,  which  involve  numerous  product  systems  including  lighting,  hvac,  entertainment,  and  security,  are  another  example.  companies  whose  products  and  designs  have  the  greatest  impact  on  total  system  performance  will  be  in  the  best  position  to  drive  this  process  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization capture  disproportionate  value.  some  companieslike  john  deere,  agco,  and  joy  globalare  intentionally  seeking  to  broaden  and  redefine  their  industries.  others  may  find  themselves  threatened  by  this  development,  which  creates  new  competitors,  new  bases  for  competition,  and  the  need  for  entirely  new  and  broader  capabilities.  companies  that  fail  to  adapt  may  find  their  traditional  products  becoming  commoditized  or  may  themselves  be  relegated  to  the  role  of  oem  supplier,  with  system  integrators  in  control.  more  the  net  effect  of  smart,  connected  products  on  industry  structure  will  vary  across  industries,  but  some  tendencies  seem  clear.  first,  rising  barriers  to  entry,  coupled  with  firstmover
__label__assetoperationsoptimization advantages  stemming  from  the  early  accumulation  and  analysis  of  product  usage  data,  suggests  that  many  industries  may  undergo  consolidation.  second,  consolidation  pressures  will  be  amplified  in  industries  whose  boundaries  are  expanding.  in  such  cases,  single  product  manufacturers  will  have  difficulty  competing  with  multiproduct  companies  that  can  optimize  product  performance  across  broader  systems.  third,  important  new  entrants  are  likely  to  emerge,  as  companies  unencumbered  by  legacy  product  definitions  and  entrenched  ways  of  competing,  and  with  no  historical  profit  pools  to  protect,  seize  opportunities  to  leverage  the  full  potential  of  smart,  connected  products  to  create  value.  some  of  these  strategies  will  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization productlessthat  is,  the  system  that  connects  products  will  be  the  core  advantage,  not  the  products  themselves.  how  can  companies  achieve  sustainable  competitive  advantage  in  a  shifting  industry  structure?  the  basic  tenets  of  strategy  still  apply.  to  achieve  competitive  advantage,  a  company  must  be  able  to  differentiate  itself  and  thus  command  a  price  premium,  operate  at  a  lower  cost  than  its  rivals,  or  both.  this  allows  for  superior  profitability  and  growth  relative  to  the  industry  average.  the  foundation  for  competitive  advantage  is  operational  effectiveness  oe.  oe  requires  embracing  best  practices  across  the  value  chain,  including  uptodate  product  technologies,  the  latest  production
__label__assetoperationsoptimization equipment,  and  stateoftheart  sales  force  methods,  it  solutions,  and  supply  chain  management  approaches.  oe  is  the  table  stakes  of  competition.  if  a  company  is  not  operationally  effective  and  continually  embracing  new  best  practices,  it  will  fall  behind  rivals  in  cost  and  quality.  yet  oe  is  rarely  a  source  of  sustainable  advantage,  because  competitors  will  implement  the  same  best  practices  and  catch  up.  to  move  beyond  oe,  a  company  must  define  a  distinctive  strategic  positioning.  whereas  operational  effectiveness  is  about  doing  things  well,  strategic  positioning  is  about  doing  things  differently.  a  company  must  choose  how  it  will  deliver  unique  value  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  set  of  customers  it  chooses  to  serve.  strategy  requires  making  tradeoffs:  deciding  not  only  what  to  do  but  what  not  to  do.  smart,  connected  products  are  defining  a  new  standard  for  operational  effectiveness,  dramatically  raising  the  bar  in  terms  of  best  practices.  every  product  company  will  have  to  decide  how  to  incorporate  smart,  connected  capabilities  into  its  products.  but  not  only  the  product  itself  is  being  affected.  as  we  discussed  earlier,  the  move  to  smart,  connected  products  also  creates  new  best  practices  across  the  value  chain.  the  implications  of  smart,  connected  products  for  the  value  chain  will  be  discussed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  detail  in  the  second  article  in  this  series  see  the  sidebar  charting  the  impact  on  competition.  here  we  focus  briefly  on  how  smart,  connected  products  affect  product  design,  service,  marketing,  human  resources,  and  security,  because  these  shifting  internal  activities  often  bear  directly  on  strategy  choices.  this  article  is  the  first  in  a  twopart  series  in  which  we  examine  how  smart,  connected  products  are  shifting  competition  in  many  industries.  at  the  most  fundamental  level,  companies  must  ask  four  questions:  1.  how  does  the  move  to  smart,  connected  products  affect  the  structure  of  the  industry  and  industry  boundaries?  2.  how  do
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smart,  connected  products  affect  the  configuration  of  the  value  chain  or  the  set  of  activities  required  to  compete?  3.  what  new  types  of  strategic  choices  will  smart,  connected  products  require  companies  to  make  to  achieve  competitive  advantage?  4.  what  are  the  organizational  implications  of  embracing  these  new  types  of  products  and  the  challenges  that  affect  implementation  success?  in  this  article,  we  examine  the  effect  of  smart,  connected  products  on  industry  structure  and  industry  boundaries  and  discuss  the  new  strategic  choices  facing  companies.  in  part  two  forthcoming,  we  examine  value  chain  impacts  and  organizational  issues.  disclosure:  ptc  does  business  with  more
__label__assetoperationsoptimization than  28,000  companies  worldwide,  many  of  which  are  mentioned  in  this  article.  more  smart,  connected  products  require  a  whole  set  of  new  design  principles,  such  as  designs  that  achieve  hardware  standardization  through  softwarebased  customization,  designs  that  enable  personalization,  designs  that  incorporate  the  ability  to  support  ongoing  product  upgrades,  and  designs  that  enable  predictive,  enhanced,  or  remote  service.  expertise  in  systems  engineering  and  in  agile  software  development  is  essential  to  integrate  a  products  hardware,  electronics,  software,  operating  system,  and  connectivity  componentsexpertise  that  is  not  well  developed  in  many  manufacturing  companies.  product  development  processes  will  also  need  to  accommodate  more  latestage  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization postpurchase  design  changes  quickly  and  efficiently.  companies  will  need  to  synchronize  the  very  different  clock  speeds  of  hardware  and  software  development;  a  software  development  team  might  create  as  many  as  10  iterations  of  an  application  in  the  time  it  takes  to  generate  a  single  new  version  of  the  hardware  on  which  it  runs.  smart,  connected  products  offer  major  improvements  in  predictive  maintenance  and  service  productivity.  new  service  organizational  structures  and  delivery  processes  are  required  to  take  advantage  of  product  data  that  can  reveal  existing  and  future  problems  and  enable  companies  to  make  timely,  and  sometimes  remote,  repairs.  realtime  product  usage
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  performance  data  allows  substantial  reductions  in  fieldservice  dispatch  costs  and  major  efficiencies  in  spareparts  inventory  control.  early  warnings  about  impending  failure  of  parts  or  components  can  reduce  breakdowns  and  allow  more  efficient  service  scheduling.  data  on  product  usage  and  performance  can  feed  insights  back  to  product  design,  so  that  firms  can  reduce  future  product  failures  and  associated  service  required.  product  usage  data  can  also  be  used  to  validate  warranty  claims  and  identify  warranty  agreement  violations.  smart,  connected  mining  machines  such  as  this  joy  global  longwall  shearer  in  some  cases,  firms  can  decrease  service  costs  by  replacing  physical  parts  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization software  parts.  for  example,  glass  cockpit  lcd  displays  in  modern  aircraft,  which  can  be  repaired  or  upgraded  via  software,  have  replaced  electrical  and  mechanical  dials  and  gauges.  product  usage  data  also  enables  firms  to  better  design  for  servicethat  is,  reduce  the  complexity  or  placement  of  parts  that  are  prone  to  failure  in  order  to  simplify  repairs.  all  these  opportunities  change  the  service  activities  in  the  value  chain  substantially.  smart,  connected  products  allow  companies  to  form  new  kinds  of  relationships  with  customers,  requiring  new  marketing  practices  and  skill  sets.  as  companies  accumulate  and  analyze  product  usage  data,  they  gain  new  insights
__label__assetoperationsoptimization into  how  products  create  value  for  customers,  allowing  better  positioning  of  offerings  and  more  effective  communication  of  product  value  to  customers.  using  data  analytics  tools,  firms  can  segment  their  markets  in  moresophisticated  ways,  tailor  product  and  service  bundles  that  deliver  greater  value  to  each  segment,  and  price  those  bundles  to  capture  more  of  that  value.  this  approach  works  best  when  products  can  be  quickly  and  efficiently  tailored  at  low  marginal  cost  through  software  as  opposed  to  hardware  variation.  for  example,  whereas  john  deere  used  to  manufacture  multiple  engines  with  different  levels  of  horsepower  to  serve  different  customer  segments,  it  now
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  modify  the  horsepower  rating  on  the  same  engine  using  software  alone.  smart,  connected  products  create  major  new  human  resource  requirements  and  challenges.  the  most  urgent  of  these  is  the  need  to  recruit  new  skill  sets,  many  of  which  are  in  high  demand.  engineering  departments,  traditionally  staffed  with  mechanical  engineers,  must  add  talent  in  software  development,  systems  engineering,  product  clouds,  big  data  analytics,  and  other  areas.  smart,  connected  products  create  the  need  for  robust  security  management  to  protect  the  data  flowing  to,  from,  and  between  products;  protect  products  against  unauthorized  use;  and  secure  access  between  the  product  technology  stack  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization other  corporate  systems.  this  will  require  new  authentication  processes,  secure  storage  of  product  data,  protections  against  hackers  for  both  product  data  and  customer  data,  definition  and  control  of  access  privileges,  and  protections  for  products  themselves  from  hackers  and  unauthorized  use.  the  path  to  competitive  advantage  ultimately  rests  on  strategy.  our  research  reveals  that  in  a  smart,  connected  world  companies  face  10  new  strategic  choices.  each  choice  involves  tradeoffs,  and  each  must  reflect  a  companys  unique  circumstances.  the  choices  are  also  interdependent.  the  companys  entire  set  of  choices  must  reinforce  one  another  and  define  a  coherent  and  distinctive  overall  strategic  positioning
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  the  company.  smart,  connected  products  dramatically  expand  the  range  of  potential  product  capabilities  and  features.  companies  may  be  tempted  to  add  as  many  new  features  as  possible,  especially  given  the  often  low  marginal  cost  of  adding  more  sensors  and  new  software  applications,  and  the  largely  fixed  costs  of  the  product  cloud  and  other  infrastructure.  but  just  because  a  company  can  offer  many  new  capabilities  does  not  mean  that  their  value  to  customers  exceeds  their  cost.  and  when  companies  get  into  a  features  and  capabilities  arms  race,  they  end  up  blurring  strategic  differences  and  creating  zerosum  competition.  more  a  tesla
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vehicle  in  need  of  repairs  can  autonomously  call  for  a  corrective  software  download,  or,  if  necessary,  send  a  notification  to  the  customer  with  an  invitation  for  a  valet  to  pick  up  the  car  and  deliver  it  to  a  tesla  facility.  how  should  a  company  determine  which  smart,  connected  capabilities  to  offer?  first,  it  must  decide  which  features  will  deliver  real  value  to  customers  relative  to  their  cost.  in  residential  water  heaters,  a.o.  smith  has  developed  capabilities  for  fault  monitoring  and  notification,  but  water  heaters  are  so  longlived  and  reliable  that  few  households  are  willing  to  pay  enough  for  these  features
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  justify  their  current  cost.  consequently,  a.o.  smith  offers  them  as  options  on  only  a  few  models.  in  commercial  water  heaters  and  boilers,  however,  adoption  of  such  capabilities  is  high  and  rising.  the  value  of  remote  monitoring  and  operation  to  commercial  customers  that  often  cannot  operate  without  heat  and  hot  water  is  high  relative  to  their  cost,  and  so  these  features  are  becoming  standard.  note  that  the  cost  of  incorporating  smart,  connected  product  features  will  tend  to  fall  over  time,  as  is  the  case  in  water  heaters  and  boilers.  when  deciding  what  features  to  offer,  then,  companies  must  continually  revisit
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  value  equation.  second,  the  value  of  features  or  capabilities  will  vary  by  market  segment,  and  so  the  selection  of  features  a  company  offers  will  depend  on  what  segments  it  chooses  to  serve.  schneider  electric,  for  example,  makes  building  products  as  well  as  integrated  building  management  solutions  that  gather  volumes  of  data  about  energy  consumption  and  other  building  performance  metrics.  for  one  segment  of  customers,  schneiders  solution  involves  remote  equipment  monitoring,  alerts,  and  advisory  services  in  reducing  energy  use  and  other  costs.  for  the  segment  of  customers  that  want  a  fully  outsourced  solution,  however,  schneider  actually  takes  over  remote  control
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  equipment  to  minimize  energy  consumption  on  customers  behalf.  third,  a  company  should  incorporate  those  capabilities  and  features  that  reinforce  its  competitive  positioning.  a  company  competing  with  a  highend  strategy  can  often  reinforce  differentiation  through  extensive  features,  while  a  lowcost  competitor  may  choose  to  include  only  the  most  basic  features  that  affect  core  product  performance  and  that  lower  the  cost  of  operation.  for  example,  a.o.  smiths  lochinvar  boiler  unit,  which  competes  using  a  highly  differentiated  strategy,  has  made  extensive  smart,  connected  product  features  standard  on  its  core  products.  in  contrast,  rolex,  the  luxury  watch  maker,  has  decided  that  smart,  connected
__label__assetoperationsoptimization capabilities  are  not  an  area  in  which  it  will  compete.  once  a  company  has  decided  which  capabilities  to  offer,  it  must  decide  whether  the  enabling  technology  for  each  feature  should  be  embedded  in  the  product  raising  the  cost  of  every  product,  delivered  through  the  product  cloud,  or  both.  in  addition  to  cost,  a  number  of  factors  should  be  taken  into  consideration.  a  feature  that  requires  quick  response  times,  such  as  a  safety  shutdown  in  a  nuclear  power  plant,  requires  that  the  software  be  embedded  in  the  physical  product.  this  also  reduces  the  risk  that  lost  or  degraded  connectivity  slows  down
__label__assetoperationsoptimization response.  products  that  are  fully  automated,  such  as  antilock  brakes,  usually  require  that  greater  functionality  be  embedded  into  the  device.  embedding  software  in  the  product  minimizes  dependence  on  network  availability  and  the  amount  of  data  that  must  flow  from  the  product  to  cloudbased  applications,  lowering  the  risk  that  sensitive  or  confidential  data  will  be  compromised  during  transmission.  companies  that  operate  products  in  remote  or  hazardous  locations  can  mitigate  the  associated  dangers  and  costs  by  hosting  functionality  in  the  product  cloud.  as  discussed  above,  thermo  fishers  chemical  analyzers,  used  in  hazardous  or  toxic  environments,  have  cloudbased  capabilities  and  connectivity  that  enable
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  instantaneous  transmission  of  contamination  data  and  allow  the  immediate  initiation  of  mitigation  efforts.  more  if  the  products  user  interface  is  complex  and  is  changed  frequently,  the  interface  may  be  best  located  in  the  cloud.  the  cloud  offers  the  ability  to  deliver  a  much  richer  user  experience  and  potentially  to  take  advantage  of  an  existing,  familiar,  and  robust  user  interface  like  a  smartphone.  cloudbased  applications  and  interfaces  allow  companies  to  make  product  changes  and  upgrades  easily  and  automatically.  home  audio  equipment  maker  sonos,  a  smart,  connected  products  pioneer,  takes  advantage  of  cloudbased  capability  to  reinvent  home  audio  for  the  digital
__label__assetoperationsoptimization age,  putting  a  premium  on  convenience,  variety  of  music,  and  ease  of  use.  the  companys  wireless  systems  place  both  the  music  source  and  the  user  interface  in  the  cloud,  enabling  sonos  to  simplify  its  products  physical  design:  the  portable  device,  which  is  controlled  from  a  smartphone,  contains  only  the  amplifier  and  speaker.  with  this  offering,  sonos  attempted  to  disrupt  the  home  audio  market.  the  tradeoff?  wireless  streamed  audio  systems  do  not  deliver  the  level  of  sound  quality  that  true  audiophiles  demand.  competitors  such  as  bose  will  make  different  choices  and  tradeoffs  to  secure  their  competitive  differentiation.  we  believe  that  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smart,  connected  products  evolve,  more  humanmachine  interface  capabilities  may  well  move  out  of  the  product  and  into  the  cloud.  however,  the  complexity  facing  users  in  operating  these  interfaces  will  increase.  user  interfaces  may  often  overshoot  in  complexity,  and  user  backlash  may  drive  firms  to  restore  simpler,  easytouse  interfaces  for  common  functions,  including  on/off  controls.  smart,  connected  products  involve  multiple  types  of  functionality  and  services,  and  are  often  systems  encompassing  multiple  products.  a  closed  system  approach  aims  to  have  customers  purchase  the  entire  smart,  connected  product  system  from  a  single  manufacturer.  key  interfaces  are  proprietary,  and  only  chosen  parties  gain  access.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  operating  data  that  ge  gathers  from  its  aircraft  engines,  for  example,  is  available  only  to  the  airlines  operating  the  engines.  an  open  system,  by  contrast,  enables  the  end  customer  to  assemble  the  parts  of  the  solutionboth  the  products  involved  and  the  platform  that  ties  the  system  togetherfrom  different  companies.  here,  the  interfaces  enabling  access  to  each  part  of  the  system  are  open  or  standardized,  allowing  outside  players  to  create  new  applications.  when  smart  wind  turbines  are  networked,  software  can  adjust  the  blades  on  each  one  to  minimize  impact  on  the  efficiency  of  turbines  nearby.  closed  systems  create  competitive  advantage
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  allowing  a  company  to  control  and  optimize  the  design  of  all  parts  of  the  system  relative  to  one  another.  the  company  maintains  control  over  technology  and  data  as  well  as  the  direction  of  development  of  the  product  and  the  product  cloud.  producers  of  system  components  are  restricted  from  accessing  a  closed  system  or  are  required  to  license  the  right  to  integrate  their  products  into  it.  a  closed  approach  may  result  in  one  manufacturers  system  becoming  the  de  facto  industry  standard,  enabling  this  company  to  capture  the  maximum  value.  a  closed  approach  requires  significant  investment  and  works  best  when  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization single  manufacturer  has  a  dominant  position  in  the  industry  that  can  be  leveraged  to  control  the  supply  of  all  parts  of  the  smart,  connected  product  system.  if  either  philips  healthcare  or  ge  healthcare  were  the  dominant  manufacturer  of  medical  imaging  equipment,  for  example,  it  could  drive  a  closed  approach  in  which  it  could  sell  medical  imaging  management  systems  that  included  only  its  own  or  partners  equipment  to  hospitals.  however,  neither  company  has  the  clout  to  restrict  hospitals  choice  of  other  manufacturers  equipment,  so  both  companies  imaging  system  platforms  interface  with  other  manufacturers  machines.  a  fully  open  system  enables  any  entity
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  participate  in  and  interface  with  the  system.  when  philips  lighting  introduced  the  hue  smart,  connected  lightbulb,  for  example,  it  included  a  basic  smartphone  application  that  allowed  users  to  control  the  color  and  intensity  of  individual  bulbs.  philips  also  published  the  application  programming  interface,  which  led  independent  software  developers  to  quickly  release  dozens  of  applications  that  extended  the  utility  of  the  hue  bulbs,  boosting  sales.  the  open  approach  enables  a  faster  rate  of  applications  development  and  system  innovation  as  multiple  entities  contribute.  it  can  also  result  in  a  de  facto  industry  standard,  but  one  from  which  no  company  gains  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization proprietary  benefit.  more  while  a  closed  system  is  possible  for  individual  product  systems,  it  is  often  impractical  for  systems  of  systems.  whirlpool,  for  example,  realizes  that  its  strong  position  in  home  appliances  will  not  be  sufficient  to  become  the  leader  in  the  connected  home,  which  includes  not  only  connected  appliances  but  also  automated  lighting,  hvac,  entertainment,  and  security.  therefore,  whirlpool  designs  its  appliances  to  be  readily  connectable  to  the  variety  of  home  automation  systems  on  the  market,  seeking  to  retain  proprietary  control  only  over  its  product  features.  a  hybrid  approach,  in  which  a  subset  of  functionality  is  open  but  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization company  controls  access  to  full  capabilities,  occurs  in  industries  like  medical  devices,  where  manufacturers  support  an  industry  standard  interface  but  offer  greater  functionality  only  to  customers.  over  time,  closed  approaches  become  more  challenging  as  technology  spreads  and  customers  resist  limits  on  choice.  babolats  play  pure  drive  product  system  puts  sensors  and  connectivity  in  the  tennis  racket  handle,  allowing  users  to  track  and  analyze  ball  speed,  spin,  and  impact  location  to  improve  their  game.  developing  the  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected  products  requires  significant  investment  in  specialized  skills,  technologies,  and  infrastructure  that  have  not  been  typically  present  in  manufacturing  companies.  many
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  these  skills  are  scarce  and  in  high  demand.  a  company  must  choose  which  layers  of  technology  to  develop  and  maintain  inhouse  and  which  to  outsource  to  suppliers  and  partners.  in  utilizing  outside  partners,  it  must  decide  whether  to  pursue  custom  development  of  tailored  solutions  or  license  offtheshelf,  bestofbreed  solutions  at  each  level.  our  research  suggests  that  the  most  successful  companies  choose  a  judicious  combination  of  both.  companies  that  develop  smart,  connected  products  inhouse  internalize  key  skills  and  infrastructure  and  retain  greater  control  over  features,  functionality,  and  product  data.  they  may  also  capture  firstmover  advantages  and  the  ability  to  influence
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  direction  of  technology  development.  the  company  gets  on  its  own,  steeper  learning  curve,  which  can  help  maintain  its  competitive  advantage.  for  example,  while  software  skills  are  not  well  developed  in  most  manufacturing  companies,  jeff  immelt  recently  said  that  every  industrial  company  will  become  a  software  company.  the  nature  of  technology  for  smart,  connected  products  makes  it  clear  why  that  might  well  be  true  and  why  building  internal  software  capability  is  crucial.  early  pioneers  agco  and  deere  have  both  taken  a  largely  inhouse  route  to  develop  smart  farm  equipment  solutions  for  those  reasons.  ge  has  created  a  major  software  development
__label__assetoperationsoptimization center  to  build  inhouse  capabilities  it  sees  as  strategic  across  business  units.  however,  as  with  the  two  previous  it  waves,  the  difficulty,  skills,  time,  and  cost  involved  in  building  the  entire  technology  stack  for  smart,  connected  products  is  formidable  and  leads  to  specialization  at  each  layer.  just  as  intel  has  specialized  in  microprocessors  and  oracle  in  databases,  new  firms  that  specialize  in  components  of  the  smart,  connected  products  technology  stack  are  already  emerging,  and  their  technology  investments  are  amortized  over  many  thousands  of  customers.  early  movers  that  choose  inhouse  development  can  overestimate  their  ability  to  stay  ahead  and  end  up
__label__assetoperationsoptimization slowing  down  their  development  time  line.  but  outsourcing  can  create  new  costs,  as  suppliers  and  partners  demand  a  larger  share  of  the  value  created.  companies  that  rely  on  partners  also  compromise  their  ability  to  differentiate  going  forward,  and  their  ability  to  build  and  retain  the  inhouse  expertise  required  to  set  overall  product  design  strategy,  manage  innovation,  and  choose  vendors  well.  in  making  these  buildversusbuy  choices,  companies  should  identify  those  technology  layers  that  offer  the  greatest  opportunities  for  product  insight,  future  innovation,  and  competitive  advantage,  and  outsource  those  that  will  become  commoditized  or  advance  too  quickly.  for  example,  most  companies  should
__label__assetoperationsoptimization strive  to  maintain  solid  internal  capabilities  in  areas  such  as  device  design,  the  user  interface,  systems  engineering,  data  analytics,  and  rapid  product  application  development.  more  these  choices  will  evolve  over  time.  in  the  early  stages  of  smart,  connected  products  technology,  the  number  of  capable  and  robust  suppliers  has  been  limited,  and  so  companies  have  been  faced  with  the  imperative  of  inhouse  or  custom  development.  already,  however,  bestofbreed  vendors  with  turnkey  connectivity  solutions  and  product  clouds,  secure  highperformance  application  platforms,  and  readytouse  data  analytics  are  emerging.  this  makes  it  increasingly  challenging  for  inhouse  efforts  to  keep  up  and  can  turn  an
__label__assetoperationsoptimization early  lead  into  a  disadvantage.  ralph  laurens  polo  tech  shirt,  available  in  2015,  streams  distance  covered,  calories  burned,  movement  intensity,  heart  rate,  and  other  data  to  the  wearers  mobile  device.  product  data  is  fundamental  to  value  creation  and  competitive  advantage  in  smart,  connected  products.  but  collecting  data  requires  sensors,  which  add  cost  to  the  product,  as  does  transmitting,  storing,  securing,  and  analyzing  this  data.  companies  may  also  need  to  obtain  rights  to  the  data,  adding  complexity  and  cost.  to  determine  which  types  of  data  provide  sufficient  value  relative  to  cost,  the  firm  must  consider  questions  such  as:  how  does  each
__label__assetoperationsoptimization type  of  data  create  tangible  value  for  functionality?  for  efficiency  in  the  value  chain?  will  the  data  help  the  company  understand  and  improve  how  the  broader  product  system  is  performing  over  time?  how  often  does  the  data  need  to  be  collected  to  optimize  its  usefulness,  and  how  long  should  it  be  retained?  companies  must  also  consider  the  product  integrity,  security,  or  privacy  risks  for  each  type  of  data  and  the  associated  cost.  the  less  sensitive  data  a  company  collects,  the  lower  the  risk  of  breaches  and  transmission  disruptions.  when  security  requirements  are  high,  companies  will  need  capabilities  to  protect  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  and  limit  transmission  risk  by  storing  data  in  the  product  itself.  we  will  discuss  security  more  extensively  in  part  two  of  this  series.  the  types  of  data  a  company  chooses  to  collect  and  analyze  also  depend  on  its  positioning.  if  the  companys  strategy  is  focused  on  leading  in  product  performance  or  minimizing  service  cost,  it  must  usually  capture  extensive  immediate  value  data  that  can  be  leveraged  in  real  time.  this  is  especially  important  for  complex,  expensive  products  for  which  downtime  is  costly,  such  as  wind  turbines  or  jet  engines.  for  companies  seeking  leadership  in  the  product  system,  there  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  need  to  invest  in  capturing  and  analyzing  moreextensive  data  across  multiple  products  and  the  external  environment,  even  for  products  the  company  does  not  produce.  for  example  a  smart,  connected  product  system  might  need  to  capture  traffic  data,  weather  conditions,  and  fuel  prices  at  different  locations  for  an  entire  fleet  of  vehicles.  medtronics  implanted  digital  blood  glucose  meter  connects  wirelessly  to  a  monitoring  and  display  device  and  can  alert  patients  to  trends  in  glucose  levels  requiring  attention.  different  strategies  involve  different  datacapture  choices.  nest,  which  aims  to  lead  in  energy  efficiency  and  energy  cost,  gathers  extensive  data  on  both  product
__label__assetoperationsoptimization usage  and  peak  demand  across  the  energy  grid.  this  has  enabled  the  rush  hour  rewards  program,  which  raises  residential  customers  air  conditioning  thermostat  temperature  to  reduce  energy  use  during  peak  demand  periods  and  precools  a  home  before  peak  demand  begins.  by  partnering  with  energy  providers,  securing  the  data  they  provide,  and  integrating  it  with  customer  data,  nest  enables  customers  to  earn  discounts  or  credits  from  their  energy  provider  and  to  use  less  energy  when  everyone  else  is  using  more.  as  a  company  chooses  which  data  to  gather  and  analyze,  it  must  determine  how  to  secure  rights  to  the  data  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization manage  data  access.  the  key  is  who  actually  owns  the  data.  the  manufacturer  may  own  the  product,  but  product  usage  data  potentially  belongs  to  the  customer.  for  example,  who  is  the  rightful  owner  of  the  data  streaming  from  a  smart,  connected  aircraft  enginethe  engine  supplier,  the  airframe  manufacturer,  or  the  airline  that  owns  and  operates  the  planes?  there  is  a  range  of  options  for  establishing  data  rights  for  smart,  connected  products.  companies  may  pursue  outright  ownership  of  product  data,  or  seek  joint  ownership.  there  are  also  various  levels  of  usage  rights,  including  ndas,  the  right  to  share  the  data,  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  right  to  sell  it.  firms  must  determine  their  approach  to  transparency  in  data  collection  and  use.  rights  to  data  can  be  laid  out  in  an  explicit  agreement  or  buried  in  small  print  or  hardtounderstand  boilerplate  documents.  although  we  are  seeing  the  early  stages  of  a  movement  toward  more  transparency  in  data  gathering  across  industries,  data  disclosure  and  ownership  standards  often  have  yet  to  be  established.  more  another  option  for  handling  data  rights  and  access  includes  the  establishment  of  a  datasharing  framework  with  component  suppliers  for  providing  information  about  the  components  condition  and  performance  but  not  about  its  location.  limiting
__label__assetoperationsoptimization suppliers  access  to  data,  however,  could  reduce  potential  benefits  if  the  supplier  lacks  a  full  understanding  of  how  products  are  being  used,  slowing  innovation.  customers  and  users  want  a  say  in  these  choices.  some  customers  today  are  much  more  willing  than  others  to  share  data  on  their  product  use.  for  example,  part  of  fitbits  value  proposition  is  its  ability  to  share  via  social  media  the  personal  fitness  information  it  collects.  but  not  every  customer  wants  to  share  this  data.  likewise,  cautious  drivers  may  be  willing  to  share  data  on  their  driving  habits  with  insurance  or  rental  car  companies  as  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization way  to  lower  premiums  or  fees,  but  others  may  resist.  firms  will  need  to  provide  a  clear  value  proposition  to  customers  to  encourage  them  to  share  usage  or  other  data.  as  consumers  become  more  aware  of  the  value  that  data  generates  across  the  value  chain,  they  will  become  more  active  and  demanding  participants  in  decisions  about  what  data  is  collected,  how  it  is  used,  and  who  benefits.  today  its  common  to  see  click  through  agreements  giving  broad  consent  to  collect  product  data  the  first  time  a  smart,  connected  product  is  used.  this  consent  allows  companies  to  indiscriminately  collect  product  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  use  it  with  few  constraints.  in  time  we  expect  that  morestringent  contractual  frameworks  and  mechanisms  governing  those  rights  will  emerge  to  define  and  protect  intellectual  property  associated  with  smart,  connected  product  data.  it  behooves  companies  to  get  ahead  of  this  trend,  especially  on  the  product  data  they  truly  need  to  collect  in  order  to  drive  value.  careful  stewardship  of  data  will  also  be  essential,  especially  in  highly  regulated  industries  such  as  medical  devices.  regulatory  standards  for  data  access  and  security  are  already  in  place  in  many  such  fields.  biotronik  has  created  infrastructure  that  allows  it  to  securely  gather  patient
__label__assetoperationsoptimization information,  such  as  arrhythmia  events  or  pacemaker  battery  status,  and  share  it  only  with  a  specified  audiencethe  patients  physician.  regardless  of  the  industry,  however,  stewardship  of  data  will  be  an  essential  capability,  and  data  breaches  will  lead  to  serious  consequences  regardless  of  who  is  at  fault.  ongoing  security  risk  is  part  of  the  business  case  for  which  data  to  collect  and  how  to  manage  it.  smart,  connected  products  enable  firms  to  maintain  direct  and  deep  customer  relationships,  which  can  reduce  the  need  for  distribution  channel  partners.  companies  can  also  diagnose  product  performance  problems  and  failures  and  sometimes  make  repairs  remotely,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reducing  reliance  on  service  partners.  by  minimizing  the  role  of  the  middlemen,  companies  can  potentially  capture  new  revenue  and  boost  margins.  they  can  also  improve  their  knowledge  of  customer  needs,  strengthen  brand  awareness,  and  boost  loyalty  by  educating  customers  more  directly  about  product  value.  tesla,  for  example,  has  disrupted  the  status  quo  in  the  automotive  industry  by  selling  its  cars  directly  to  consumers  rather  than  through  a  traditional  dealer  network.  this  has  simplified  the  firms  pricingconsumers  pay  full  sticker  price,  avoiding  the  haggling  common  at  dealershipsgreatly  improving  customer  satisfaction.  by  eliminating  thirdparty  involvement  in  repairs,  tesla  captures  revenue  and  deepens
__label__assetoperationsoptimization its  relationship  with  customers.  the  firm  transmits  software  upgrades  to  its  cars,  continually  improving  the  customer  experience  and  giving  drivers  the  equivalent  of  the  new  car  smell  with  each  update.  when  monitoring  detects  that  a  tesla  vehicle  is  due  for  repairs,  the  car  either  autonomously  calls  for  a  remote  repair  via  software  or  sends  a  notification  to  the  customer  with  an  invitation  to  request  that  a  valet  deliver  it  to  the  tesla  facility.  the  firm  was  recently  rated  number  one  in  customer  satisfaction  by  while  disintermediation  has  definite  advantages,  some  level  of  physical  proximity  to  customers  is  still  required  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization desirable  in  most  industries.  customers  must  take  delivery  of  and  sometimes  install  a  physical  product,  and  some  types  of  service  visits  are  still  necessary.  in  addition,  customers  may  have  strong  relationships  with  resellers  and  channels  that  offer  them  a  broader  product  line  and  deep  and  local  fieldbased  expertise.  when  manufacturers  diminish  the  role  of  valuable  channel  partners,  they  risk  losing  them  to  competitors  whose  strategy  is  to  embrace  partners.  also,  assuming  roles  formerly  handled  by  partnerssuch  as  direct  selling  or  servicecan  be  challenging,  involving  high  startup  costs  and  major  new  investments  in  value  chain  functions  such  as  sales,  logistics,  inventory,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  infrastructure.  the  choice  of  whether  or  not  to  disintermediate  a  channel  or  service  partner  will  depend  in  large  part  on  the  type  of  partner  network  the  firm  manages.  do  partners  simply  distribute  products,  or  are  they  critical  to  delivering  training  and  service  in  the  field?  what  percentage  of  partner  activities  can  be  replaced  through  smart,  connected  product  capabilities?  do  customers  understand  the  value  of  eliminating  the  middleman?  do  customers  understand  that  traditional  relationships  with  established  channels  are  no  longer  necessary  and  involve  extra  cost?  smart,  connected  products  offer  a  rich  new  set  of  value  creation  and  growth  opportunities.  however,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization efforts  to  seize  those  opportunities  will  not  be  without  challenges.  some  of  the  greatest  strategic  risks  include  the  following:  just  because  a  feature  is  now  possible  does  not  mean  there  is  a  clear  value  proposition  for  the  customer.  adding  enhanced  capabilities  and  options  can  reach  the  point  of  diminishing  returns,  due  to  the  cost  and  complexity  of  use.  smart,  connected  products  open  major  new  gateways  to  corporate  systems  and  data,  requiring  steppedup  network  security,  device  and  sensor  security,  and  information  encryption.  new  competitors  offering  products  with  smart,  connected  capabilities  such  as  connectivity  and  embedded  software  or  performance  or  servicebased  business
__label__assetoperationsoptimization models  can  emerge  quickly  and  reshape  competition  and  industry  boundaries.  moving  slowly  enables  competitors  and  new  entrants  to  gain  a  foothold,  begin  capturing  and  analyzing  data,  and  start  moving  up  the  learning  curve.  the  shift  to  smart,  connected  products  will  demand  new  technologies,  skills,  and  processes  throughout  the  value  chain  for  example,  big  data  analytics,  systems  engineering,  and  software  application  development.  a  realistic  assessment  about  which  capabilities  should  be  developed  inhouse  and  which  should  be  developed  by  new  partners  is  crucial.  more  manufacturers  have  traditionally  focused  on  producing  a  physical  good  and  capturing  value  by  transferring  ownership  of  the  good
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  the  customer  through  a  sales  transaction.  the  owner  is  then  responsible  for  the  costs  of  servicing  the  product  and  other  costs  of  use,  while  bearing  the  risks  of  downtime  and  other  product  failures  and  defects  not  covered  by  warranties.  smart,  connected  products  allow  the  radical  alteration  of  this  longstanding  business  model.  the  manufacturer,  through  access  to  product  data  and  the  ability  to  anticipate,  reduce,  and  repair  failures,  has  an  unprecedented  ability  to  affect  product  performance  and  optimize  service.  this  opens  up  a  spectrum  of  new  business  models  for  capturing  value,  from  a  version  of  the  traditional  ownership  model  where
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  customer  benefits  from  the  new  service  efficiencies  to  the  productasaservice  model  in  which  the  manufacturer  retains  ownership  and  takes  full  responsibility  for  the  costs  of  product  operation  and  service  in  return  for  an  ongoing  charge.  customers  pay  as  they  go,  not  up  front.  here,  the  value  of  product  performance  improvements  that  reduce  operating  cost  such  as  better  energy  efficiency  and  service  efficiencies  are  captured  by  the  manufacturer.  smart,  connected  products  create  a  dilemma  for  manufacturers,  particularly  those  that  make  complex,  longlived  products  for  which  parts  and  service  generate  significant  revenue  and  often  disproportionate  profit.  whirlpool,  for  example,  currently  has
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  healthy  business  selling  spare  parts  and  service  contractsa  model  that  can  dull  incentives  to  make  products  more  reliable,  more  durable,  and  easier  to  fix.  if,  instead,  whirlpool  moved  to  a  productasaservice  model,  in  which  it  maintained  ownership  of  the  product  and  the  customer  simply  paid  for  the  use  of  the  machine,  the  economic  incentives  would  be  turned  upside  down.  the  profitability  of  productasaservice  models  depends  on  the  pricing  and  terms  of  contracts,  which  are  a  function  of  bargaining  power.  productasaservice  models  can  increase  buyers  power,  because  customers  may  be  able  to  switch  after  the  contract  period  if  the  product
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  not  embedded  as  with  an  elevator,  unlike  with  perpetual  ownership.  product  sharing,  a  variation  of  the  productasaservice  model,  focuses  on  more  efficient  utilization  of  products  that  are  used  intermittently.  customers  pay  for  the  use  of  the  product  such  as  cars  or  bikes  when  they  need  it,  and  the  company  such  as  zipcar  or  hubway  is  responsible  for  everything  else.  product  sharing  is  spreading  to  nonmobile  products  such  as  houses.  companies  can  also  pursue  hybrid  models  between  the  extremes  of  productasaservice  and  conventional  ownership,  such  as  product  sales  bundled  with  warranty  or  service  contracts,  or  product  sales  bundled  with  performancebased
__label__assetoperationsoptimization contracts.  service  contracts  allow  the  manufacturer  to  keep  service  inhouse  and  capture  more  of  the  value  from  service  efficiencies.  in  a  performancebased  contract,  the  manufacturer  sells  the  product  along  with  a  contract  that  promises  that  the  product  will  perform  to  certain  specifications  such  as  percentage  of  uptime.  here,  ownership  is  transferred,  but  the  manufacturer  maintains  responsibility  and  bears  the  risk  of  product  performance.  the  companys  wireless  music  systems  place  the  user  interface  in  the  cloud,  enabling  users  to  control  the  portable  device  from  a  smartphone.  companies  may  find  that  the  data  they  accumulate  from  smart,  connected  products  is  valuable  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization entities  besides  traditional  customers.  companies  may  also  discover  that  they  can  capture  additional  data,  beyond  what  they  need  to  optimize  product  value,  that  is  valuable  to  other  entities.  in  either  case,  this  may  lead  to  new  services  or  even  new  businesses.  data  about  the  performance  of  a  products  components,  for  example,  could  be  valuable  to  suppliers  of  those  components.  data  about  driving  conditions  or  delays  gathered  by  a  fleet  of  vehicles  could  be  valuable  to  other  drivers,  to  the  operators  of  logistical  systems,  or  to  road  repair  crews.  data  about  driving  characteristics  could  be  valuable  to  fleet  operators  or  insurance
__label__assetoperationsoptimization companies.  more  again,  in  choosing  how  to  capture  new  value  from  product  data,  companies  must  consider  the  likely  reaction  of  core  customers.  while  some  of  them  may  not  care  how  their  data  is  used,  others  may  feel  strongly  about  data  privacy  and  reuse.  companies  will  need  to  identify  mechanisms  to  provide  valuable  data  to  third  parties  without  alienating  customers.  for  example,  a  company  might  not  sell  individual  customer  data  but  rather  blinded  or  aggregate  data  on  purchasing  patterns,  driving  habits,  or  energy  usage.  smart,  connected  products  not  only  transform  existing  products  but  often  broaden  industry  boundaries.  products  that  have  been
__label__assetoperationsoptimization separate  and  distinct  can  become  parts  of  optimized  systems  of  related  products,  or  components  of  systems  of  systems.  shifting  boundaries  mean  that  companies  that  have  been  industry  leaders  for  decades  may  find  themselves  playing  more  of  a  supporting  role  in  a  broader  landscape.  the  emergence  of  product  systems  and  systems  of  systems  raises  at  least  two  types  of  strategic  choices  about  company  scope.  the  first  is  whether  a  company  should  expand  into  related  products  or  other  parts  of  the  system  of  systems.  the  second  is  whether  a  company  should  seek  to  provide  the  platform  that  connects  the  related  products  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization information,  even  if  it  does  not  make  or  control  all  the  parts.  companies  may  be  tempted  to  enter  into  related  products  in  order  to  capture  the  big  opportunity,  but  entry  into  related  products  always  involves  risk  and  the  need  for  new  capabilities.  companies  must  identify  a  clear  value  proposition  before  entering.  expanding  product  scope  will  be  most  attractive  where  there  are  major  performance  improvement  opportunities  through  codesigning  the  related  products  to  optimize  the  system.  alternatively,  if  optimization  is  not  dependent  on  individual  product  designs,  a  company  may  be  better  off  sticking  to  its  knitting  and  providing  open  connectivity  to  related
__label__assetoperationsoptimization products  produced  by  others.  success  is  less  a  function  of  traditional  product  design  than  systems  engineering.  smart,  connected  products  will  give  rise  to  the  next  era  of  itdriven  productivity  growth  at  a  time  when  the  impact  of  earlier  waves  of  it  has  largely  played  itself  out.  companies  whose  products  and  associated  technological  capabilities  are  central  to  overall  product  system  operation  and  performance,  such  as  joy  globals  mining  machines,  will  be  in  the  best  position  to  enter  related  products  and  integrate  the  system.  manufacturers  that  produce  less  systemcritical  machines,  such  as  the  trucks  that  move  the  material  extracted  from  underground,  will
__label__assetoperationsoptimization have  less  capability  and  credibility  in  customers  eyes  to  take  on  a  broader  system  provider  role.  users  can  control  philips  lighting  hue  lightbulbs  via  smartphone,  turning  them  on  and  off,  programming  them  to  blink  if  they  detect  an  intruder,  or  dimming  them  slowly  at  night.  the  choice  of  whether  or  not  to  develop  the  technology  platform  that  connects  a  product  system  or  system  of  systems  depends  on  some  related  questions.  the  first  is  whether  the  company  can  assemble  the  necessary  it  skills  and  technology,  which  are  quite  different  from  those  required  in  product  design  and  manufacturing.  another  key  question  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization where  system  optimization  takes  place.  inside  product  optimization  involves  integrating  individual  product  designs  so  that  products  work  better  together.  outside  product  optimization  takes  place  through  the  algorithms  that  connect  products  and  other  information,  where  products  themselves  are  modular.  inside  product  optimization  creates  the  strongest  rationale  for  expanding  into  related  products  and  offering  a  proprietary  platform.  outside  product  optimization  favors  an  open  platform,  and  the  platform  may  be  offered  by  a  company  that  does  not  produce  products  at  all.  carrier  corporation  offers  an  example  of  these  choices.  it  has  a  100year  history  of  innovation  in  the  design  of  a  full  range
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  hvac  equipment  such  as  furnaces,  air  conditioners,  heat  pumps,  humidifiers,  and  ventilators.  carrier  optimizes  its  hvac  product  system  performance  by  integrating  individual  designs  across  products,  and  its  smart  infinity  heating  and  cooling  system  platform  connects  them.  however,  hvac  is  part  of  a  broader  home  automation  system.  carrier  has  not  entered  other  product  areas  within  home  automation  because  of  the  need  for  very  different  capabilities.  rather,  its  infinity  platform  provides  interfaces  to  allow  the  hvac  product  family  to  be  integrated  into  the  system  of  systems.  finally,  as  smart,  connected  products  expand  industry  scope  and  the  boundaries  of  competition,  many  companies
__label__assetoperationsoptimization will  need  to  rethink  their  corporate  purpose.  the  focus  is  shifting  to  the  broader  need  companies  meet,  rather  than  their  traditional  product  definition.  for  example,  trane  has  moved  from  seeing  itself  as  an  hvac  equipment  producer  to  a  company  that  makes  highperformance  buildings  better  for  everyone  inside.  as  products  continue  to  communicate  and  collaborate  in  networks,  which  are  expanding  both  in  number  and  diversity,  many  companies  will  have  to  reexamine  their  core  mission  and  value  proposition.  more  in  each  of  these  dimensions  of  strategy  but  ensure  that  each  choice  is  consistent  with  and  reinforces  the  others.  for  example,  a  company
__label__assetoperationsoptimization pursuing  product  system  leadership  will  enter  related  product  categories,  pursue  inside  product  design  integration,  capture  extensive  product  usage  data,  and  develop  more  intensive  internal  capabilities  across  the  technology  stack.  in  contrast,  a  company  that  focuses  on  a  single  part  of  a  product  system  will  need  to  become  bestofbreed  in  terms  of  features  and  functionality  and  provide  transparent  and  open  interfaces  so  that  its  product  can  be  readily  integrated  into  and  becomes  a  valuable  part  of  other  companies  systems  and  platforms.  ultimately,  competitive  success  will  arise  not  by  imitating  rivals  but  by  defining  a  distinctive  value  proposition  that  the  company  can
__label__assetoperationsoptimization realistically  achieve.  smart,  connected  products  are  changing  how  value  is  created  for  customers,  how  companies  compete,  and  the  boundaries  of  competition  itself.  these  shifts  will  affect  virtually  every  industry,  directly  or  indirectly.  but  smart,  connected  products  will  have  a  broader  impact  even  than  this.  they  will  affect  the  trajectory  of  the  overall  economy,  giving  rise  to  the  next  era  of  itdriven  productivity  growth  for  companies,  their  customers,  and  the  global  economy  at  a  time  when  the  impact  of  earlier  waves  of  it  has  largely  played  itself  out  and  productivity  growth  has  slowed  down.  this  third  wave  of  it  not  only
__label__assetoperationsoptimization will  create  step  function  improvements  in  product  capability  and  performance  but  will  radically  improve  our  ability  to  meet  many  business  and  human  needs.  across  many  fields,  products  will  be  far  more  efficient,  effective,  safe,  reliable,  and  more  fully  utilized,  while  conserving  scarce  natural  resources  such  as  energy,  water,  and  raw  materials.  this  opportunity  to  drive  rapid  innovation  and  economic  growth,  and  with  it  a  return  to  prosperity  growth,  comes  none  too  soon.  the  past  decade  has  been  characterized  by  internal  cost  reduction,  cautious  investment,  higher  corporate  profitability,  rising  ma,  and  muted  innovation  across  large  parts  of  the  economy.  this  path
__label__assetoperationsoptimization has  resulted  in  slower  job  growth,  slower  improvements  in  wages  and  living  standards  for  the  average  citizen,  a  diminished  sense  of  economic  opportunity,  doubts  about  capitalism,  and  reduced  public  support  for  business.  the  era  of  smart,  connected  products  can  change  this  trajectory,  provided  that  companies  move  aggressively  to  embrace  the  opportunity.  business  and  government  together  will  need  to  equip  workers  across  all  groups  with  the  skills  to  participate,  and  agree  on  the  rules  and  regulations  needed  to  set  standards,  enable  innovation,  protect  data,  and  overcome  efforts  to  block  progress  such  as  auto  dealers  political  opposition  to  tesla.  the  united  states
__label__assetoperationsoptimization stands  to  lead  and  benefit  disproportionately  in  a  smart,  connected  products  world,  given  americas  strengths  in  the  core  underlying  technologies,  many  of  the  skills  required,  and  key  supporting  industries.  if  this  new  wave  of  technology  allows  the  u.s.  to  reinvigorate  its  capacity  as  a  technology  leader  in  the  global  economy,  it  will  breathe  new  life  into  the  american  dream  while  contributing  to  a  better  world.  harvard  business  review  is  a  university  professor  at  harvard,  based  at  harvard  business  school  in  boston.  is  the  president  and  ceo  of  ptc,  a  leading  maker  of  industrial  software.  subscribe
__label__assetoperationsoptimization today,  tens  of  thousands  of  are  using  internet  of  things  platforms  to  streamline  operations,  automate  processes,  reduce  costs  associated  with  regulatory  compliance  and  to  provide  enhanced  services  to  attract  and  retain  new  customers.  there  are  hundreds  of  iot  platform  providers  today  that  specialize  in  niche  industries  or  target  a  broad  range  of  industries  with  an  iot  framework  platforms  that  many  companies  build  on  top  of  such  as  aws,  microsoft  azure,  ibm  bluemix  and  ibms  watson  iot  data  analytics  platform.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  transforming  the  way  enterprises  scale  their  operations.  stamp  size  sensing  machines  and  massive  cloud  infrastructure
__label__assetoperationsoptimization accelerate  an  enterprises  production  capabilities.  iot  provides  operational  efficiency  by  inserting  sensors  into  the  workplace  to  handle  dangerous  operations,  repetitive  tasks,  maintenance,  inventory  control,  asset  management,  ondemand  ordering  and  workflow  automation.  want  information  on  how  to  construct  your  own  iot  platform?  the  three  major  reasons  in  iot  include  the  following:  increased  asset  visibility  healthcare,  retail  and  manufacturing  are  adopting  cloudbased  operational  management  platforms  that  reduce  costs  associated  with  tracking  and  locating  mobile  assets.  an  example  of  this  is  awarepoints  tracking  of  insulin  pumps  and  other  high  value  hospital  equipment.  many  asset  management  platforms  feature  smart  location  tags  with  integrated  sensors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  monitoring  temperature,  humidity  and  other  environmental  conditions  of  the  asset.  process  optimization  most  workplaces  have  processes  that  require  immediate  action  or  the  business  loses  productivity,  or  even  worse.  iot  devices  are  being  used  to  automate,  accelerate  and  monitor  these  processes  with  temperature,  motion,  flow  and  other  advanced  sensing  devices.  one  emerging  area  for  simple  enterprise  iot  optimization  is  the  smart  button,  a  relatively  new  invention  for  automated  and  streamlined  processes.  the  button  corporation,  headquartered  in  helsinki,  finland  provides  an  iot  platform  for  simple  but  effective  solutions  using  smart  buttons.  these  batterypowered  wireless  buttons  can  be  placed  anywhere  there  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  need  for  a  triggerbased  action  such  as  ordering  of  supplies  or  calling  for  help.  energy  savings  energy  savings  continues  to  be  a  major  iot  adoption  driver  for  enterprises  especially  for  those  with  older  or  smaller  buildings  that  lack  a  traditional  building  control  system.  enterprises  are  demanding  such  as  energy  monitoring,  smart  lighting,  electric  vehicle  smart  charging  and  room  level  climate  controls.  in  addition,  an  iot  smart  lighting  system  provides  an  extendable  infrastructure  for  supporting  numerous  other  iot  applications  such  as  asset  tracking,  air  quality  monitoring,  condition  monitoring,  proximity  based  sensing  and  workflow  enhancements.  wireless  sensor  network  trends  most  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization wireless  networking  technologies  use  short  range  up  to  30  meters  radios  such  as  bluetooth,  wifi,  zigbee  and  thread.  the  real  value  of  wireless  sensors?  when  they  can  be  placed  in  hard  to  reach  places  without  power.  however,  these  lan  based  iot  networks  are  complex  to  set  up  which  has  been  somewhat  of  an  inhibitor  in  enterprise.  the  biggest  problem  for  these  iot  devices  is  sending  the  data  to  the  cloud  which  requires  a  lan  gateway  or  router  every  100  meters  or  so.  this  is  expensive,  requires  ac  power  and  generally  violates  the  value  proposition  of  sensors  being  placed  anywhere.  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  where  low  power  wide  area  networks  lpwans  comes  into  play  lpwan  devices  can  send  data  to  the  cloud  miles  away  without  a  gateway  and  still  have  battery  left  over  after  ten  years.  theres  no  need  for  local  gateways/routers  or  network  engineers  to  do  a  site  survey,  just  place  the  device  in  the  enterprise  and  go.  many  of  the  largest  global  communications  companies  are  developing  lpwan  solutions  and  there  has  been  tremendous  investment  and  developer  activity  in  the  past  few  years.  there  are  several  competing  lpwan  technologies  today  including  ,  ,  and  .  other  lpwan  service  providers  include  comcast  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  trial  network  underway  across  50  cities  and  senet,  a  dedicated  lorabased  service  provider,  that  had  network  coverage  of  200  cities  and  half  of  the  u.s.  as  of  2016.  a  diverse  ecosystem  today,  thousands  of  iot  service  providers  target  vertical  industries  such  as  healthcare,  hospitality,  real  estate  management,  retail,  education,  logistics  and  smart  cities.  enterprises  are  increasingly  developing  their  own  iot  service  platforms  that  often  include  inhouse  applications  that  integrate  with  third  party  systems.  most  iot  systems  build  on  top  of  cloudbased  infrastructure  frameworks  such  as  ,  microsoft  azure  and  ibm  bluemix.  in  addition,  a  growing  number  of  companies  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization providing  iot  device  management,  integration  and  application  development  services  with  nearly  all  of  major  oems  and  enterprise  software  vendors  currently  offering  iot  platforms.  go  deep  with  iot  data  analytics  data  analytics  is  one  of  the  fastest  growing  iot  areas  with  almost  daily  breakthroughs  in  deep  learning  neural  networks.  use  cases  include  teslas  self  driving  cars  and  ibms  watson  for  cognitive  computing  cancer  diagnostic  system.  the  availability  of  iot  data  analytics  through  such  as  tensorflow  google,  cntk  microsoft  and  hadoop  have  accelerated  enterprise  iot  adoption.  we  have  just  begun  the  enterprise  iot  transformation.  deep  learning,  wireless  sensor  networks  and  low  power
__label__assetoperationsoptimization wide  area  networks  are  key  technologies  to  start  investigating.  pagely  is  the  worlds  most  scalable  enterprise  solution  for  wordpress.  a  few  of  our  valued  clients  optin  to  receive  our  newsletter.  pagely  is  the  managed  wordpress  hosting  platform  designed  to  exceed  the  needs  of  media,  business,  and  enterprise  customers  alike.  we  help  the  worlds  biggest  brands  scale  wordpress.  copyright  20092019  pagely,  inc.  pagely  and  wordpress  are  registered  trademarks.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vmware  pulse  iot  center  is  a  secure,  enterprise  grade,  edge  infrastructure  and  device  management  solution  forboth  it  and  ot  organizations  andany  iot  use  case.  with  pulse  iot  center,you  can  simplify  getting  started  with  iot,automate  management  at  scale,extend  it  security  standards  to  the  edge  and  iot  infrastructure,  and  optimize  the  value  of  your  iot  data.  onboard,  configure,  manage,  monitor  and  secure  across  heterogenous  iot  edge  systems  and  connected  devices  at  scale  with  pulse  iot  center.  check  out  the  latest  version  of  pulse  iot  center.  streamline  management  at  scale  with  a  consistent  management  and  monitoring  framework  for  heterogenous  iot  devices  and  applications
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  scales  to  millions  of  devices.  extend  it  security  standards  to  the  edge  and  iot  infrastructure  with  granular  visibility  and  control  for  all  connected  devices,  applications  and  networking.  simplify  getting  started  and  scaling  iot  with  standardized  device  registration,  connectivity  and  onboarding,  and  automate  metrics  collection  to  streamline  operations.  operationalize  iot  into  your  daily  business  by  streamlining  data  collection  and  orchestration  across  any  device,  any  application  and  any  cloud.  reduce  time  and  technical  skills  needed  to  onboard,  provision  and  configure  diverse  iot  devices  and  applications  faster  and  at  scale  with  low  touch  enrollment,  onboarding,  and  device  templates.  eliminate  iot  management  silos
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  one  console  and  lens  across  heterogenous  iot  and  edge  devices,  applications  and  firmware  at  scale.  put  your  iot  data  to  work  by  facilitating  data  movement  and  flexible  data  flows  to  integrate  with  your  business  processes.  get  pilots  up  and  running  rapidly  with  softwareas  aservice  saas  and  migrate  to  onpremise  implementations  based  on  your  changing  business  needs.  take  advantage  of  seamless  integration  with  existing  serverside  monitoring  and  alerting  capability  through  rest  apis,  along  with  flexible  clientside  integration  through  cbased  sdk.  extend  it  security  standards  to  the  edge  and  iot  infrastructure  with  a  consistent  security  framework  including  least  privilege  execution  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization agent,  unique  device  ids,  tls  secured  communications,  rbac  and  custom  roles.  rapidly  configure  and  securely  deliver  updates/patches  to  firmware  and  software  with  fine  grained  control  over  approvals,  scheduling,  activation  and  installation  detect  anomalies  by  monitoring  configurable  device  metric  thresholds  and  escalate  and  trigger  remediation  actions  with  rulebased  alerts  and  api  based  integrations  with  3rd  party  systems.  each  gateway  uses  authorized  access  control  lists  for  ongoing  communicating  with  the  server  to  reduce  spoofing.  device  sessions  use  an  hmacbased  authentication  token  for  continued  communication  with  the  server.  pulse  iot  center  provides  threat  monitoring  and  detection  in  partnership  with  thirdparty  solutions.  future  versions
__label__assetoperationsoptimization will  incorporate  microsegmentation  support  with  vmware  nsx  integration.  as  more  smart  things  and  gateways  connect  to  your  networks,  you  need  to  be  able  to  track  their  location,  ensure  safety  and  easily  manage,  provision  and  configure  them.  with  pulse  iot  center,  you  can  monitor  configurable  device  metric  thresholds  and  trigger  automated  remediation  actions  with  rulebased  alerts  and  api  based  integrations  with  3rd  party  systems.  most  iot  devicessuch  as  sensors  in  oil  wells,  on  facility  ceilings,  inside  machines,  on  cranes  or  in  jet  enginesare  located  in  remote,  unmanned  areas.  pulse  iot  center  provides  realtime  monitoring  and  alerts  so  you  can  continuously  track
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  health  of  your  iot  infrastructure.  gain  visibility  into  iot  infrastructure  performance  by  extracting  operational  data  like  cpu  utilization  and  battery  life  and  correlating  it  with  historic  data,  as  well  as  information  from  other  devices,  to  help  you  identify  anomalies.  the  software  lifecycle  on  all  iot  devices  needs  to  be  continuously  maintained,  especially  from  a  security  perspective.  with  pulse  iot  center,  you  establish  granular  visibility  and  control  for  all  connected  devices  at  scale  through  one  console  to  visualize  and  know  device  status,  respond  to  security  threats,  manage  and  deploy  security  patches,  and  update  firmware,  all  overtheair.  edge  and  iot  devices
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  generating  continuous  streams  of  data  that  users  must  be  able  to  manage  and  make  actionable.  pulse  iot  center  helps  optimize  the  value  of  your  data  by  collecting  and  orchestrating  data  flows  across  any  device,  any  application  and  any  cloud.  explore  how  iot  is  being  used  to  solve  specific  industry  challenges  with  our  interactive  use  case  spotlights.  smart  manufacturers  are  becoming  technology  companies.  theyre  using  datadriven  insights  to  improve  operations,  further  automate  the  factory,  and  deliver  more  personalized  products  and  new  services  to  customers.  iot  is  transforming  the  transportation  industry,  from  vehicle  design  and  manufacturing,  to  logistics,  insurance  and  retail
__label__assetoperationsoptimization sales.  by  connecting  vehicles,  consumers  and  the  transportation  infrastructure,  there  is  a  huge  opportunity  to  improve  driver  experiences  and  safety  and  reduce  costs.  iot  can  help  you  gain  a  competitive  edge  by  helping  you  respond  quickly  to  changing  customer  needs,  improve  supply  chain  efficiency  and  uncover  new  customer  behaviors,  as  well  as  optimize  customer  experiences  to  boost  sales  and  your  brand  image.  iot  introduces  connectedness  that  can  help  identify  inefficiencies  in  your  processes,  improve  the  customer  banking  experience  and  dramatically  improve  client  personalization  of  products  and  services.  by  2025,  iot  in  health  and  wellness  is  expected  to  generate  a  global
__label__assetoperationsoptimization economic  impact  of  1.6  trillion.  whether  you  are  a  patient,  a  provider  or  an  insurer,  iot  provides  realtime  visibility  to  improve  experiences  and  efficiency,  reduce  costs  and  increase  quality  of  patient  care.  smart  cities  are  using  iot  to  reduce  costs  and  resource  consumption  and  increase  safety  to  provide  a  higher  quality  of  life  for  citizens.  iot  devices  such  as  realtime  traffic  management  and  smart  street  lighting  are  projected  to  save  smart  cities  4.6  trillion  globally.  leverage  iot  with  remote  asset  management,  smart  metering  and  smart  grid  technologies  to  help  you  operate  more  efficiently,  enabling  you  to  reduce  costs  and  conserve
__label__assetoperationsoptimization environmental  resources,  while  increasing  employee  safety.  photon  operating  system  os  provides  a  secure  runtime  environment  for  efficiently  running  containers.  photon  os  is  an  open  source  linux  distribution  optimized  for  cloudnative  applications,  cloud  platforms,  and  vmware  infrastructure.  the  combination  of  photon  os  and  pulse  iot  center  supports  running  modern  cloud  native  and  containerbased  apps  including  data  analytics  and  data  filtering  close  to  the  point  of  data  origination  at  the  edge.  edgex  foundry  is  a  highlyflexible,  open  source  microservices  framework  for  building  plugandplay  iot  edge  solutions.  at  the  heart  of  the  project  is  an  interoperability  framework  hosted  within  a  full  hardware  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization osagnostic  reference  software  platform  to  enable  an  ecosystem  of  plugandplay  components  that  unifies  the  marketplace  and  accelerates  the  deployment  of  iot  solutions.  liota  is  the  clientside  for  vmware  pulse  iot  center  deployed  to  edge  gateways  and  things,  and  it  facilitates  data  flows  from  things  to  vmware  pulse  iot  center.  liota  little  iot  agent  is  a  vendorneutral,  open  source  iot  sdk  for  building  iot  applications  for  managing,  monitoring  and  orchestrating  data  between  things,  gateways  and  the  cloud/data  center.  explore  the  features  of  vmware  pulse  iot  center  2.0  get  the  latest  updates  on  vmwares  edge  iot  blog.  join  our  experts  for  an
__label__assetoperationsoptimization use  teamviewer  iot  for  remote  operations,  remote  assistance,  and  remote  alarming  to  optimize  and  streamline  building  and  infrastructure  management  and  operational  processes.  iot  opportunities  in  building  and  infrastructure  range  from  monitoring  and  controlling  single  elements  in  a  building  to  smart  cities,  connecting  people  and  infrastructure.  while  smart  cities  have  not  materialized  in  successful  largescale  deployments  yet,  more  practical  and  fast  roi  use  cases  such  as  content  updates  for  digital  signage  continue  to  gain  traction.  teamviewer  iot  can  be  embedded  in  new  iot  endpoints,  while  existing  machines  and  equipment  can  be  retrofitted,  enabling  three  highvalue  use  cases  with  immediate  payback:  remote
__label__assetoperationsoptimization operations,  remote  assistance,  and  remote  alarming.  teamviewer  iot  for  remote  operations  enables  you  to  control  and  centrally  manage  your  building  and  infrastructure  iot  endpoints  remotely  significantly  reducing  the  need  for  scheduled,  costly  onsite  maintenance.  teamviewer  iot  for  remote  assistance  enables  you  to  detect  and  analyze  issues  on  your  building  and  infrastructure  iot  endpoints  remotely,  solving  problems  faster  either  remotely  or  by  a  more  targeted  deployment  of  your  support  staff.  teamviewer  iot  for  remote  alarming  enables  you  to  monitor  your  building  and  infrastructure  iot  endpoint  data  e.g.,  vibration,  temperature,  or  humidity  and  define  rulebased  alarms  to  detect  anomalies,  helping  you  react
__label__assetoperationsoptimization faster  to  issues.  benefits  teamviewer  helps  building  and  infrastructure  companies  quickly  set  up  an  easytouse,  secure,  and  scalable  iot  solution.  teamviewer  iot  can  be  installed  on  your  endpoints  immediately.  no  complicated  vpn  setup  required.  no  interruption  to  your  operations.  the  teamviewer  iot  starter  kit  allows  you  to  start  small  and  test  your  conceptswithout  a  big  upfront  investment.  compatible  with  most  widely  used  protocols,  teamviewer  iot  easily  integrates  into  several  thirdparty  platforms  using  teamviewers  sdk  and  readytouse  apis.  with  teamviewer  iot,  your  company  will  benefit  from  the  highest  security  standards,  including  endtoendencryption  no  one,  including  teamviewer,  can  read  the  encrypted  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization stream.  teamviewer  offers  a  simple  pricing  model  with  a  predictable  endpointbased  fee  for  the  most  common  iot  use  cases.  our  iot  solution  will  bring  a  range  of  benefits  to  your  company,  helping  you  to  deliver  business  value.  read  our  solution  brief  and  learn  why  building  and  infrastructure  companies  are  prioritizing  iot  solutions  as  part  of  strategic  initiatives  to  optimize,  automate,  and  grow  their  business  at  every  level.  want  more?
__label__assetoperationsoptimization getty  images  einstein:  problems  cannot  be  solved  with  the  same  mind  set  that  created  them.  rahm  emanuel,  mayor  chicago  you  neverleta  seriouscrisis  go  to  waste.  and  what  i  mean  by  that  its  an  opportunity  todothings  you  think  you  couldnot  dobefore.  having  drones  inspect  the  outside  surface  is  a  so  anothing  idea  a  gimmick  at  he  best  consider  inserting  in  data  sensors  for  load,  stress,  compression,  etc,  depending  on  structure.  imaginative  use  of  technolagy  and  data  could  reduce  costs  that  is  before  anyone  says  inserting  sensor/cables,  etc  is  an  added  cost  iot  has  the  potential  to  collect,  collate  and  future  fill
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  logistics  dr  r.  maitra  id  say  the  main  benefits  iot  are  optimizing  asset  utilization  and  geofencing  which  helps  to  start  automated  tasks,  which  were  some  of  the  issues  faced  by  logistics  management  before.  you  can  go  through  them  at  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  technology  is  changing  the  way  business  and  individuals  live  and  work  in  their  daily  lives.  today,  industrial  operations,  manufacturing  units,  healthcare  centers,  government  offices,  educational  institutes,  and  businesses  the  world  over  are  able  to  gather  and  organize  data  from  diverse  sources.  they  can  analyze  it,  make  predictions,  and  perform  modeling  all  in  real  time.  we  are  headed  towards  a  datafrenzied  era,  where  data,  once  it  is  available  in  cyberspace,  will  become  a  source  of  analysis  for  anyone.  is  that  globally  beneficial  or  is  that  too  dangerous?  as  this  likes  to  warn  the  readers,  that  although  unstoppable  telecommunications  networks  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization provided  a  tremendous  opportunity  to  drive  innovation  in  product  development,  to  reduce  operational  costs  while  maximizing  revenue,  the  stumbling  blocks  have  to  be  removed.  right  now,  even  with  many  iot  use  cases  running  successfully,  businesses  have  to  deal  with  it  standards,  limitations,  infrastructure  limitations,  and  skills  shortages.  the  internet  of  things  has  been  described  as  a  vast,  emerging  network  of  ipconnected  devices,  which  working  together,  can  deliver  massive  business  benefits  in  the  coming  years.  from  optimizing  asset  management  to  tracking  and  repairing  industrial  machines  in  real  time,  this  superb  technology  promises  to  bring  a  future  of  efficient  business  management  across
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  globe.  however,  one  has  to  recognize  that  iots  future  success  is  largely  dependent  on  the  further  growth  and  development  of  allied  technologies  such  as  the  cloud,  big  data,  and  ,  to  name  a  few  because  these  technologies  work  in  tandem  to  deliver  business  solutions.  in  the  world  of  iot,  data  happens  outside  the  data  center  because  the  internet  has  tons  of  connected  devices  gathering  data  in  real  time.  the  the  future  of  iot:  on  the  edge  is  still  a  thing  of  the  future  as  these  devices  themselves  do  not  have  the  storage  or  computing  powers  of  large  machines  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  centers.  in  ,  iot  platforms  are  enabling  inventory  or  material  tracking,  singlepoint  asset  control,  realtime  asset  monitoring,  and  unified  operational  intelligence.  as  an  example,  unit  has  implemented  iot  networks  in  their  locomotive  remanufacturing  plant  for  enhanced  manufacturing  efficiency.  in  service  and  support,  iot  devices  are  used  for  predictive  monitoring  and  timely  support  services.  in  ,  iot  devices  are  used  for  connecting  diverse  types  of  thirdparty  technology  platforms  like  device  clouds,  networks,  and  open  apis.  in  customer  management,  iot  devices  are  used  for  product  customization,  usage  and  performance  tracking,  remote  operations,  and  customer  self  service.  ,  a  provider  of  medical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization devices  and  software  applications,  uses  an  iot  platform  to  monitor  usage  and  performance  data  to  further  optimize  customers.  from  the  iot  use  cases  just  described,  the  post  now  moves  to  discuss  the  ten  use  cases  that  have  stunned  the  world  with  their  potentials  to  benefit  the  future  generations  of  humanity.  it  is  true;  iot  is  everywhere  the  new  world  of  smart  gadgets  and  apps  is  quite  thrilling;  and  for  the  first  time,  technology  has  attracted  the  attention  of  the  widest  human  population,  regardless  of  age  or  gender.  10  real  world  applications  of  internet  of  things  iot  explained  in  videos  offers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization some  fascinating  video  clips  of  iot  use  cases  the  applications  as  they  happen.  these  resources  clearly  indicate  that  currently,  iot  has  stormed  the  following  application  areas  with  doors  opening  up  for  more  applications  in  future.  for  more  information  on  iot  data  analytics,  the  article  titled  the  10  most  popular  internet  of  things  applications  right  now  talks  about  how  has  strengthened  the  above  application  areas.  also,  review  these  to  get  a  first  look  at  iot  in  action  in  production  processes.  in  terms  of  the  smart  industrial  iot,  look  at  the  ibm  blog  post  titled  the  top  5  industrial  iot  use  cases
__label__assetoperationsoptimization .  according  to  this  post,  infosys  and  the  institute  for  industrial  management  at  aachen  university  conducted  a  joint  study  to  explore  the  global  awareness  of  smart  asset  management  in  manufacturing,  and  the  study  revealed  that  currently,  though  85  percent  of  manufacturing  operations  are  concerned  about  asset  management  best  practices,  only  15  percent  of  the  surveyed  operations  have  implemented  best  practice  measures.  smart  meters  provide  one  way  for  manufacturing  operations  to  track,  monitor,  and  manage  their  energy  resources.  if  there  is  one  iot  use  case  that  is  really  working  to  benefit  much  of  the  global  population,  that  is  the  healthcare  industry
__label__assetoperationsoptimization applications.  years  ago,  telemetry  became  popular  in  healthcare  for  medical  data  collection  for  better  treatment  outcomes.  another  big  iot  devices  market  in  healthcare  is  eldercare,  which  is  deployed  to  track  and  monitor  elderly  patients.  in  the  field  of  medical  apps,  stringent  regulations  has  somewhat  slowed  down  the  rate  of  innovation.  due  to  regulations,  medical  centers  are  cautious  about  using  iot  technologies  that  are  not  vetted  though  wifi  has  gained  considerable  acclaim  among  the  medical  fraternity.  much  investments  and  research  efforts  have  recently  been  put  in  medical  apps  development,  and  we  may  see  the  fruits  of  such  labor  in  the  next
__label__assetoperationsoptimization few  years.  get  more  details  in  the  article  titled  how  iot  medical  devices  are  changing  health  care  today  .  in  a  consumerdriven  healthcare  market,  the  presence  of  iot  apps  can  enhance  personalized  healthcare  with  improved  patient  involvement,  which  can  potentially  increase  the  market  value  of  healthcare  providers.  patientgenerated  data  or  pgd,  as  described  in  the  article  no  appointment  necessary:  how  the  iot  and  patientgenerated  data  can  unlock  health  care  value  ,  can  substantially  enhance  diagnosis,  disease  management,  and  treatment  processes.  with  such  massive  data  at  hand,  healthcare  providers  can  detect  and  prepare  treatment  plans  for  patients  at  risk  of  specific
__label__assetoperationsoptimization health  conditions.  the  health  eheart  study  at  the  university  of  california  san  francisco  is  utilizing  pgd  to  understand  heart  diseases  and  discover  methods  to  predict  heart  conditions.  the  goal  of  pgd  is  not  only  to  enable  improved  treatments,  but  also  to  foster  closer  engagement  between  the  healthcare  provider  and  the  patient  for  collaborative  decision  making.  readers  will  information  about  other  iot  use  cases  in  hospitals  in  the  article  titled  iot  for  healthcare:  three  use  cases  .  can  you  envision  a  future  where  our  lives  are  completely  controlled  by  a  network  of  connected  devices  rendering  instant  access  to  data  and  insights
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  aid  decision  making?  in  another  510  years  the  telecommunications  infrastructure  can  make  that  happen.  our  lives  will  evolve  from  datadriven  to  become  informeddecision  driven.  photo  credit:  jamesteohart/shutterstock.com  2011  2019  dataversity  education,  llc  all  rights  reserved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization todays  transportation  infrastructure  is  stressed  to  the  breaking  point.  there  are  more  cars  on  the  roads,  more  travelers  passing  through  airports,  and  more  people  using  light  rail  and  other  forms  of  public  transit  than  ever  before.  at  the  same  time,  security  and  efficiency  have  never  been  more  critical.  airlines  are  under  pressure  to  cut  costs.  airports  are  under  fire  for  long  security  lines  and  mishandled  baggage.  public  transit  agencies  are  struggling  to  keep  up  with  surging  demand  across  an  aging  infrastructure.  and  drivers  are  increasingly  frustrated  by  highways  choked  with  traffic  and  escalating  commute  times.  with  the  worlds  population  growing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization exponentially,  the  urgency  of  these  challenges  will  only  increase.  and  because  these  systems  are  essential  to  human  mobility,  they  must  be  kept  in  operation  while  upgrades  are  underwayrip  and  replace  is  not  an  option.  smart  cars  are  a  start,  but  in  order  to  survive,  the  transportation  systems  themselves  need  to  get  smarter.  when  it  comes  to  providing  nextgeneration  solutions,  wind  river  has  a  proven  track  record.  for  30  years  the  company  has  been  supplying  the  worlds  biggest  industries  with  products  that  are  realtime,  deterministic,  highly  reliable,  highly  available,  and  completely  secure,  to  meet  the  most  demanding  requirements.  the  combination  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vxworks  ,  the  industrys  leading  operating  system  for  embedded  devices,  with  wind  river  helix  device  cloud,  a  robust  cloudbased  platform,  and  wind  river  titanium  cloud  ,  the  first  featurecomplete  network  virtualization  platform,  will  be  a  giant  leap  forward  for  transportation.  airport  systemsticketing,  baggage  check,  security  screening,  immigration  controlcan  be  consolidated  into  a  single  passenger  management  system  and  essentially  automated.  airlines,  rail  companies,  and  public  transit  agencies  can  aggregate  huge  quantities  of  data  from  sources  such  as  engines,  wheels,  and  tracks  to  optimize  operations  and  virtualize  control  systems.  urban  planners  can  more  accurately  forecast  traffic  patterns  and  implement  metering  and  signaling
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems  more  easily.  a  flexible  architecture  allows  companies  and  agencies  to  use  affordable  commercial  offtheshelf  hardware,  and  the  use  of  open  standards  means  innovative  new  devices  can  be  added  easily.  the  platform  for  managing  an  industrial  internet  of  things  iot  system  has  arrived.  the  worlds  leading  oil  companies  and  energy  producers  will  achieve  unprecedented  efficiency  by  virtualizing  the  control  systems  in  refineries  and  power  plants,  permanently  reducing  the  cost  of  upgrades.  food  and  beverage  producers,  pharmaceutical  companies,  and  other  major  manufacturers  can  tap  into  the  next  generation  of  robust  remote  applications  to  gain  higher  levels  of  complex  process  automation.  healthcare
__label__assetoperationsoptimization companies,  hospital  networks,  and  individual  physicians  will  leverage  the  power  of  onpremises  cloud  networks  to  provide  better  care,  consolidate  medical  systems,  and  practice  predictive  medicine.  property  management  companies  and  building  operators  will  benefit  from  innovative  ways  to  manage  multiple  systems  simultaneously  to  improve  facility  use.  logistics  firms  involved  in  shipping,  trucking,  and  delivery  will  leverage  improvements  in  fleet  management,  tracking,  and  service  chaining  to  optimize  their  operations.  trust  systemcritical  devices  to  the  industrys  leading  operating  system,  offering  scalability,  security,  and  realtime  performance.  virtualize  an  industrial  data  center  with  the  first  fully  integrated,  featurecomplete  network  software  virtualization  platform.  more  industries  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization discovering  the  benefits  of  a  virtualized,  flexible  architecture.  learn  how  to  build  security  assurance  into  embedded  devices  by  considering  the  whole  product  lifecycle.  top  wind  river  technology  leaders  share  the  latest  breakthroughs  in  virtualization.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization there  was  a  problem  with  your  request.  please  fill  in  required  fields  sign  up  for  a  myabb  account  to  access  some  of  our  online  services  you  are  being  logged  in  as:  abbs  integrated  industrial  internet  platform  and  cloud  infrastructure  about  customer  sets  high  demands  in  the  environmental  friendly  solutions  it  deploys  onboard  the  vessels:  equip  entire  fleet  with:  about  using  offtheshelf  components,  new  support  tools  for  field  service  tasks  have  been  developed  by  abb  that  instantly  provide  important  environmental,  health  and  process  information.  submit  your  inquiry  and  we  will  contact  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization edge  computing  and  are  playing  a  key  role  in  transforming  our  world.  today,  organizations  in  all  industries  are  looking  to  leverage  data  originating  at  the  edge  combined  with  machine  learning,  analytics  and  artificial  intelligences  to  help  improve  operations,  become  more  agile,  and  to  capture  nextgeneration  business  opportunities.  to  ensure  success,  organizations  require  solutions  for  the  edge  that  simplify  iot  complexity,  secure  edge  infrastructure  at  scale,  and  accelerate  innovation  with  a  ubiquitous,  digital  edge  to  cloud  foundation.  a  softwaredefined  digital  edgetocloud  foundation  thats  flexible,  simplifies  edge  and  iot  infrastructure  complexity,  and  secures  devices,  applications  and  data  at  scale.  vmware  edge  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  softwaredefined  edge  foundation  that  enables  ot  and  it  teams  to  focus  on  accelerating  digital  innovation  by  standardizing,  securing,  and  scaling  dynamic  edge  and  iot  environments.  with  vmware  edge  and  iot  solutions,  you  can  extend  your  hybrid  and  ubiquitous  digital  foundation  to  support  all  of  your  edge  and  iot  implementations  with  a  single,  scalable,  simplified  edge  to  cloud  architecture.  run  your  applications/analytics  anywhere  via  consistent  infrastructure  and  operations  from  edge  to  cloud  build  a  bestofbreed  solution  with  a  platform  that  supports  an  open  ecosystem  of  devices,  app  services,  and  partner  offerings  eliminate  ot  and  it  silos  by  providing  the  confidence
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  security,  manageability,  and  scale  of  your  iot  solutions  remotely  manage,  monitor,  and  secure  thousands  of  locations  and  millions  of  diverse  devices  automatically  remediate  threats  and  anomalies  with  embedded  security  and  isolation  from  cloud  to  edge  ensure  rapid  delivery  of  the  latest  apps,  containers  and  infrastructure  updates  via  granular  ota  lifecycle  management  realize  quicker  time  to  value  with  prebuilt,  tested,  endtoend  iot  solutions  leverage  the  value  of  the  data  from  your  iot  things  faster  with  zerotouch  onboarding  and  preprovisioning  ensure  enterprisegrade  connectivity  across  all  branches,  clouds,  and  devices  with  sd  wan  and  micro  segmentation  the  device  edge  includes  iot  endpoint
__label__assetoperationsoptimization devices  such  as  gateways  and  sensors  and  acts  as  an  aggregation  point  for  the  data  that  comes  from  these  things  and  a  decoupling  point  to  ensure  they  are  connected  to  secure  endpoints.  optimized  for  things  vmware  pulse  iot  center  onboards,  manages,  monitors  and  secures  edge  and  iot  devices  and  enables  it  and  ot  to  have  complete  control  of  their  iot  implementations  from  the  edge  to  the  cloud.  optimized  for  things,  this  device  edge  solution  is  a  secure,  enterprisegrade  iot  device  management  and  monitoring  solution.  optimized  for  people  workspace  one  iot  integrates  access  control,  application  management  and  multiplatform  endpoint  management  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  available  as  a  cloud  service  or  for  onpremises  deployment.  optimized  for  people,  this  device  edge  solution  is  an  intelligencedriven  digital  workspace  platform  powered  by  vmware  airwatch  technology  that  simply  and  securely  delivers  and  manages  any  app  on  any  device.  the  compute  edge  includes  specialized  compute  processing  systems  located  at  nondata  center  and  noncloud  locationssuch  as  retail  stores,  factories,  oil  rigs,  electricity  substationsto  support  data  processing  at  the  edge.  vmware  cloud  on  dell  emc  combines  the  simplicity  and  agility  of  the  public  cloud  with  the  security  and  control  of  onpremises  infrastructure,  delivered  asaservice  to  data  center  and  edge  locations.  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fullymanaged  vmware  service  provides  simple,  secure,  and  scalable  infrastructure  for  customers  onpremises  datacenter  and  edge  locations.  this  unique  approach  empowers  you  to  focus  on  business  innovation  and  differentiation,  while  vmware  operates  the  entire  infrastructure  endtoend.  edge  and  iot  use  cases  require  connectivity  from  the  device  edge  and  compute  edge  back  and  forth  to  the  cloud  and  datacenter  environments.  the  network  edge  connects  critical  functions  virtualization,  compute,  iot,  cloud,  data  center  at  the  edge  of  the  enterprise  where  these  processes  reside.  vmware  sdwan  by  velocloud  delivers  highperformance,  reliable  edge  access  to  cloud  services,  private  data  centers,  and  saasbased  enterprise  applications.  dell
__label__assetoperationsoptimization technologies  iot  solutions  includes  a  broad  portfolio  that  delivers  measurable  value  faster  through  a  scalable,  secure,  manageable  and  open  infrastructure.  dell  technologies  iot  solution  combines  hardware  and  software  optimized  for  surveillance  needs  along  with  edge  and  iot  management  and  orchestration  capabilities  including  vmware  pulse  iot  centre  and  vmware  softwaredefined  data  center.  explore  how  iot  is  being  used  to  solve  specific  industry  challenges  with  our  interactive  use  case  spotlights.  smart  manufacturers  are  becoming  technology  companies.  theyre  using  datadriven  insights  to  improve  operations,  further  automate  the  factory,  and  deliver  more  personalized  products  and  new  services  to  customers.  iot  is  transforming  the  transportation
__label__assetoperationsoptimization industry,  from  vehicle  design  and  manufacturing,  to  logistics,  insurance  and  retail  sales.  by  connecting  vehicles,  consumers  and  the  transportation  infrastructure,  there  is  a  huge  opportunity  to  improve  driver  experiences  and  safety  and  reduce  costs.  iot  can  help  you  gain  a  competitive  edge  by  helping  you  respond  quickly  to  changing  customer  needs,  improve  supply  chain  efficiency  and  uncover  new  customer  behaviors,  as  well  as  optimize  customer  experiences  to  boost  sales  and  your  brand  image.  iot  introduces  connectedness  that  can  help  identify  inefficiencies  in  your  processes,  improve  the  customer  banking  experience  and  dramatically  improve  client  personalization  of  products  and  services.  by  2025,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  in  health  and  wellness  is  expected  to  generate  a  global  economic  impact  of  1.6  trillion.  whether  you  are  a  patient,  a  provider  or  an  insurer,  iot  provides  realtime  visibility  to  improve  experiences  and  efficiency,  reduce  costs  and  increase  quality  of  patient  care.  smart  cities  are  using  iot  to  reduce  costs  and  resource  consumption  and  increase  safety  to  provide  a  higher  quality  of  life  for  citizens.  iot  devices  such  as  realtime  traffic  management  and  smart  street  lighting  are  projected  to  save  smart  cities  4.6  trillion  globally.  leverage  iot  with  remote  asset  management,  smart  metering  and  smart  grid  technologies  to  help
__label__assetoperationsoptimization you  operate  more  efficiently,  enabling  you  to  reduce  costs  and  conserve  environmental  resources,  while  increasing  employee  safety.  implementing  an  edge  or  iot  solution  today  is  a  challenge  for  enterprises.  they  often  need  to  cobble  together  offerings  from  various  vendors,  with  few  standards  and  little  guidance.  vmware  is  building  a  rich  partner  ecosystem  to  take  the  guesswork  out  of  iot  decisions  by  helping  customers  address  complex  iot  implementations  across  multiple  industries.  get  the  latest  updates  on  the  edge  blog.  join  vmware  experts  and  partners  are  they  share  their  knowledge  on  edge  computingand  iot.  learn  how  adopting  edge  iot  for  analytics  can
__label__assetoperationsoptimization internet  of  things  just  like  the  internet  of  things  in  general,  the  industrial  iot  covers  many  use  cases,  industries  and  applications.  initially  focusing  on  the  optimization  of  operational  efficiency  and  rationalization/automation/maintenance,  with  an  important  role  for  the  ,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  opens  plenty  of  opportunities  in  automation,  optimization,  intelligent  manufacturing  and  smart  industry,  asset  permance  management,  industrial  control,  moving  towards  an  on  demand  service  model,  new  ways  of  servicing  customers  and  the  creation  of  new  revenue  models,  the  more  mature  goal  of  industrial  transformation.  table  of  contents  although  most  industrial  iot  projects  are  about  automation,  optimization  and  tactical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization or  strategic  goals  in  a  mainly  internal  context  and  will  continue  to  be,  weve  seen  some  really  transformational  iiot  projects  as  well.  more  about  the  initial  goals  of  many  iiot  projects  below.  for  now,  back  to  what  the  industrial  iot  is.  this  distinction  obviously  is  somewhat  artificial  and  on  all  levels  there  are  overlaps.  the  fastest  growing  categories  of  iot  use  cases,  for  instance,  are  crossindustry.  moreover,  although  some  technologies,  architectural  frameworks  and  applications  across  all  iot  layers  differ  and  fog  computing  are  typical  in  industrial  iot,  there  are  different  types  of  network  and  connectivity  tools,  serve  other  purposes,  support
__label__assetoperationsoptimization other  use  cases  than  overall,  are  mainly  about  industrial  markets,  the  use  cases  for  are  not  the  same  and  so  forth  between  industrial  iot  and  consumer  iot  an  average  large  iiot  project  will  leverage  several  forms  of  connectivity  and  solutions  of  which  some  are  used  in  consumer  iot  as  well.  although  you  wont  find  the  term  cyberphysical  systems  essentially  industrial  iot  in  the  first  sense  in  action  and  in  a  context  of  autonomous  and  semiautonomous  decisions  and  actionable  intelligence  we  added  it  because  industrial  internet  in  many  ways  is  the  same  as  industry  4.0  more  about  that  and  the  links
__label__assetoperationsoptimization between  iiot  and  industrial  internet  at  the  bottom  of  this  article.  one  can  wonder  why  you  need  two  terms  to  describe  the  same  thing.  when  vendors  are  involved  one  can  then  think  marketing  and  compare  how  often  the  term  industrial  internet  is  searched  for  and  how  often  terms  such  as  industrial  internet  of  things,  iiot  and  industrial  iot  are  searched  for.that  doesnt  mean  that  industrial  iot  in  the  sense  of  industrial  internet  doesnt  make  sense,  well  on  the  contrary  of  course.  yet,  it  does  lead  to  confusion,  depending  on  where  you  live.  more  about  these  terminology  and  definitions  below  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  article  in  case  you  are  interested.  what  matters  most  to  us  isnt  the  jargon  but  the  results  although  it  would  be  nice  if  everyone  spoke  the  same  language  and  didnt  toss  up  new  terms  the  whole  time.  in  that  regard  you  can  also  compare  with  the  internet  of  everything,  a  term  cisco  coined  and  used  up  until  2016.  in  many  regards  the  internet  of  everything  in  an  industrial  context  is  closer  to  industrial  iot,  the  ge  way,  than  to  industrial  iot  in  the  first  sense.  such  a  holistic  strategy  already  exists  in  more  mature  industrial  organizations,  which  have  shifted
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  the  business  model,  service  and  new  revenue  opportunity  side  with  tangible  results  and  innovative  solutions.  they  are  poised  to  be  disrupters  in  their  respective  industries  where  competition  is  already  intensive  and  market  conditions  uncertain  and  complex.  bertil  thorvaldson,  abb  robotics  on  the  other  hand,  in  order  to  move  up  in  the  iiot  maturity  and  possibility/opportunity  reality,  industrial  organizations  obviously  need  to  start  somewhere.  knowing  the  market  challenges  and  the  lowest  hanging  fruit  in  many  industrial  markets  its  normal  that  in  initial  stages  connectivity  in  the  iiot  space  is  focusing  on  a  restricted  set  of  goals  and  benefits.  yet,  its
__label__assetoperationsoptimization important  to  have  a  roadmap  or  plan  for  the  longer  term.  it  is  not  a  coiincidence  that  the  holistic  challenge  we  see  in  the  evolution  of  iiot  is  exactly  the  same  as  the  one  we  see  in  the  ,  the  main  iiot  market.  last,  but  not  least,  optimization  and  automation  are  not  the  enemy  of  customercentricity  in  the  larger  industrial  context  where  speed  and  enhanced  processes  are  what  customers  expect.  see  infographic  at  the  bottom.  in  this  industry  4.0  or  industrial  internet  context,  where  we  essentally  find  the  iiot  as  part  of  an  integrated  approach  where  it  takes  center  stage,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  is  a  key  asset  and  analytics  a  necessity  in  the  connected  sphere  of  products  across  their  full  life  cycle  ,  production  assets  and  more.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  the  biggest  and  most  important  part  of  the  internet  of  things  now  but  consumer  applications  will  catch  up  from  a  spending  perspective,  mainly  starting  2018.  still,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  far  more  important  and  advanced  in  the  overall  iot  picture.  according  to  idcs  ,  the  three  industries  that  are  poised  to  invest  most  in  iot  until  2020  globally  there  are  regional  differences  are  all  part  of  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization industrial  internet  market.  in  2016,  manufacturing  operations  alone  accounted  for  an  iot  spend  of  102.5  billion  on  a  total  of  178  billion,  all  iot  use  cases  in  manufacturing  combined.  with  a  total  spend  of  178,  manufacturing  overall  is  by  far  the  largest  industry  in  the  internet  of  things  and  of  the  industrial  iot  and  the  segment  of  manufactoring  operations  outweighs  all  other  iot  use  case  investments  across  all  industries,  consumer  included.  two  other  iot  use  cases  which  are  important  in  manufacturing  from  a  spending  perspective,  on  top  of  operations,  are  production  and  field  service,  according  to  the  mentioned  research  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization idc,  released  early  2017.  a  more  detailed  overview  of  the  evolutions  in  the  manufacturing  iiot  market,  including  more  data,  benefits  and  iiot  cases  on  our  internet  of  things  manufacturing  page.  the  transportation  market  reached  an  iot  spend  of  78  billion  and  is  poised  to  continue  to  grow  rapidly,  just  as  is  the  case  for  the  iot  manufacturing  market.  the  main  use  case  in  transportation  is  freight  monitoring,  good  for  a  large  majority  of  overall  transportation  iot  spend  with  a  total  of  55.9  billion  and  remaining  a  key  driver  in  the  market  until  2020.  ,  which  is  at  the  same  time
__label__assetoperationsoptimization one  of  the  challenges  for  the  manufacturing  industry  and  the  tl  market  as  such  as  many  players  dont  have  a  digital  strategy  in  place  and  are  urged  to  speed  up  their  digital  transformation  efforts.  ,  about  20  percent  of  digital  transformation  costs  in  tl  will  be  allocated  to  supply  chain  transformation.  its  clear  that  the  internet  of  things  plays  an  important  role  here.  it  security,  communication  systems,  supply  chain  monitoring  systems  and  vehicle/transport  tracking.  along  with  the  cloud  and  analytics,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  a  driver  in  the  connected  logistics  landscape  and  freight  monitoring  leads  the  pack.  management
__label__assetoperationsoptimization logistics  4.0  is  also  a  dataintensive  and  iotintensive  given  with  a  focus  on  semiautonomous  decisions.  according  to  the  earlier  mentioned  data  from  idc,  utilities  alone  is  the  third  industry  from  the  iot  spending  context,  having  reached  a  total  of  69  billion  in  2016.  here  as  well  there  is  one  area  of  investment  that  clearly  sticks  out:  smart  grid  for  electricity  and  gas,  which  accounted  for  a  whopping  57.8  billion  in  2016.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  plays  a  key  role  in  the  overall  digital  transformation  towards  a  digital  supply  chain  in  many  parts  and  value  chain  components  of  the  large
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ecosystem,  which  obviously  also  touches  retail/consumerfacing  aspects.  however,  from  the  sheer  industrial  internet  perspective,  smart  grids  are  key  in  supply  and  network  transmission/distribution.  others  include  plant  effectiveness,  maintenance  and  datadriven  opportunities  as  a  result  of  smart  grids  and  iotenabled  operations  and  services.  predictive  maintenance,  dataenabled  services  and  remote  possibilities  in  several  areas,  from  service  to  control  and  optimization  of  operations,  also  come  back  in  many  other  iiot  use  cases  across  industries  such  as  healthcare  remote  health  monitoring,  equipment  maintenance,  etc.,  aviation,  robotics  and  ,  oil  and  gas,  mining,  metals  and  more.  as  mentioned,  depending  on  the  industry  body,  the  broader
__label__assetoperationsoptimization context  of  iiot  is  also  often  used  for  use  cases  in  areas  such  as  agriculture,  smart  cities  and  so  on.  as  mentioned,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  enables  industries  to  rethink  business  models.  generating  actionable  information  and  knowledge  from  iiot  devices,  for  instance,  enables  the  creation  of  a  data  sharing  ecosystem  with  new  revenue  streams  and  partnerships.  the  other  way  around,  aggregated  and  realtime  data  from  sensors  and  from  information  sources  which  can  be  consulted  via  builtin  capabilities  also  lead  to  the  development  of  robots  which  can  take  specific  actions  because  of  these  builtin  capabilities  whereby  iiot  becomes  a  driver
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  decisionmaking  devices.  this  already  happens  in  some  warehouses  and  is  called  the  .  it  is  used  in  an  iiot  context  but  also  a  consumer  iot  context.  supply  chains  become  connected  supply  chains,  factories  become  connected  factories  and  so  forth.  in  this  sense,  the  connectedness  stretches  far  beyond  the  simple  connectedness  and  datadriven  results  of  devices  and  industrial  assets  to  a  more  connected  ecosystem,  whereby  the  extended  enterprise  gains  a  new  meaning.  this  is  why  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  mainly  used  in  the  context  of  industry  4.0,  the  industrial  internet  and  related  initiatives  across  the  globe,  which  all
__label__assetoperationsoptimization have  their  own  names,  from  smart  production  to  smart  factory  or  intelligent  industry  as  we  tackled  in  the  introduction  definition  section.  industry  4.0  which  we  tackle  more  in  depth  in  an  iiot  context  below  describes  a  new  industrial  revolution  with  a  focus  on  automation,  innovation,  data,  cyberphysical  systems,  processes  and  people.  on  top  of  iiot,  industry  4.0  also  is  about  other  technologies;  which  are  related  with  it.  examples  include  robotics,  cloud  computing  and  the  evolutions  in  operational  technology  ot.  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  it  and  ot  need  and  meet  each  other.  industry  4.0  further  refers  to  cyberphysical  production
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems  cpps  and  typical  embeds  the  socalled  technologies  and  accelerators  of  what  is  known  as  the  digital  transformation  or  .  so,  de  facto  it  is  also  used  for  industries  such  as  agriculture,  connected  logistics,  finance,  the  government  sector  including  smart  cities,  healthcare  hospitals  and  crossindustry  iot  use  cases  such  as  smart  buildings  in  a  context  of  facility  management.  depending  on  the  view  and  industries  that  are  understood  in  an  industrial  internet  of  things  context,  this  leads  to  less  or  more  iiot  use  cases.  in  the  graphic  below  you  can  also  see  some  forecasts  by  morgan  stanley,  data  on  the  impact
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  iiot  on  the  global  economy  by  accenture  and  another  forecast  from  research  and  markets.  leaders  in  the  iiot  space,  such  as  ge,  also  have  impressive  forecasts  but,  again,  it  all  depends  on  what  you  exactly  measure  and  how  you  define  iiot.  the  infographic  by  visual  capitalist  at  the  bottom  of  this  article  shows  a  few,  as  does  and  others.  an  overview  of  iiot  challenges  as  perceived  by  executives.  based  upon  idc  2016  data  think  about  the  variety  of  data  source  types,  big  data  volumes  certainly  in  heavy  industrial  applications  ,  varied  date  frequency  and  complex  data  relations.  the  answer,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization just  like  in  the  chaos  picture  overall:  intelligent  data  systems.  data  integration  is  the  number  one  barrier  according  to  the  research  with  64  percent  of  respondents.  its  the  eternal  challenge  of  moving  from  data  to  business  value,  which  becomes  clear  in  the  iiot  context.  however,  data  and  more  specifically  insights  and  knowledge  in  ecosystems  of  sharing  are  where  the  future  revenue  opportunities  reside.  limited  access  to  the  right  skills  and  expertise  is  a  problem  for  36  percent  of  respondents.  this  issue  of  lacking  skills  is  not  just  one  of  data  integration  but  also  one  of  other  skills,  which  are  needed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  the  iiot.  a  lack  of  skilled  workers  also  was  mentioned  in  the  morgan  stanleyautomation  world  industrial  automation  survey,  where  24  percent  of  respondents  cited  a  lack  of  skilled  workers.  there  is  a  lack  of  highly  specific  skills  in  general  but  at  the  same  time  it  might  also  deem  necessary  to  look  more  outside  to  get  access  to  the  right  skills.  if  there  is  one  thing  that  is  clear  in  this  age  of  digital  transformation  and  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  its  that  no  organization  can  do  it  all  alone  and  networks,  ecosystems  and  platforms  of  partners  are  extremely
__label__assetoperationsoptimization crucial  to  succeed.  in  fact,  when  morgan  stanley  posted  some  of  its  findings  in  april  2016,  it  said  that  data  security  was  even  more  of  a  growing  concern  for  organizations  which  rely  on  universal  connectivity  and  thats  of  course  typical  for  the  internet  of  things  which  in  industrial  applications  often  needs  a  mix  of  solutions,  depending  on  the  use  case.  its  why  companies  who  are  active  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things  as  service  providers  offer  hybrid  iot  connectivity  solutions  for  industrial  applications,  ranging  from  cellular  and  to  industrial  connectivity  solutions,  fixed  and  beyond.  ,  before  the  end  2016  major
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  security  issues  and  cyberattacks,  even  if  those  were  not  all  using  the  types  of  devices  and  connectivity  one  thinks  of  in  an  iiot  context.  weve  tackled  these  previously.  the  top  5  of  challenges  to  iiot  adoption,  according  to  the  survey,  are,  respectively,  1  cybersecurity  46  percent,  2  lack  of  standardization  35  percent,  3  the  legacyinstalled  base  34  percent,  4  significant  upfront  investments  30  percent  and  5  the  mentioned  lack  of  skilled  workers  24  percent.  data  integrity  ended  sixth  23  percent  as  the  illustration  below  indicates.  several  of  these  challenges  are  reported  by  others  too  and  seem  universal.  and  so
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  the  advice  which  dell  gives  to  optimize  iiot  benefits,  mitigate  risks  and  deploy  projects  and  do  approach  them  as  real  projects  with  all  the  methodologies  we  know.  below  is  an  overview  with  comments  of  the  steps  dell  advices  you  to  take  in  an  industrial  internet  of  things  project.  but  of  course  also  the  business  decision  makers  need  to  be  involved.  go  even  further  and  forge  partnerships  and  join  forces  with  parties  internal  and  external  that  might  seem  less  obvious  for  any  digital  transformation  project.  unclear  business  benefits  are  simply  deadly  for  iiot  projects,  as  they  are  for  others.  an
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iiot  project  starts  with  an  idea,  a  need  or  an  opportunity  that  is  detected.  but  the  business  case  needs  to  be  clear.  pilots,  incremental  growth,  start  small,  fail,  iterate,  go  bigger,  scale,  you  know  the  approach  and  the  benefits  with  which  it  comes  unless  of  course  there  is  a  reason  to  deploy  fast  if  you  have  the  right  ecosystem  in  place.  watch  the  iot  vendors  you  work  with,  look  at  security  from  an  endtoend  perspective  as  there  are  so  many  components  involved:  from  connectivity  to  devices  and  connected  applications.  security  by  design  and  embedded  security  is  a  must.  and  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  all  transformational  projects,  involve  security  early  on.  its  about  the  data  which  you  turn  into  insights,  action  and  automation  in  your  industrial  internet  of  things  project  and  the  need  to  use  analytics  in  order  to  turn  data  into  these  insights,  also  for  data  you  already  might  have.  remember  dikw,  in  iiot  too.  from  the  optimization  of  manufacturing  operations  to  predictive  and  remote  maintenance:  there  are  also  ample  existing  internet  of  things  deployment  examples  that  show  the  reallife  benefits.  cases  are  great  to  help  you  see  the  benefits  without  too  much  theory.  abb  robotics,  a  division  of  automation  multinational  abb,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization manufactures  industrial  robots  for  its  customers.  in  this  technologyintensive  environment,  the  internet  of  things  enabled  the  company  to  move  from  solving  issues  with  robots  after  the  facts  to  remote  maintenance  and  the  possibility  to  completely  transform  the  companys  services  offering.  by  building  a  connected  ecosystem  of  the  industrial  robots  which  the  company  had  installed  for  customers,  sometimes  in  hard  to  reach  places,  engineers  can  analyze  issues  without  having  to  go  to  the  customer.  for  customers  this  leads  to  tangible  benefits  in  an  environment  where  uptime  is  of  crucial  importance.  for  abb  robotics  the  deployment  of  the  internet  of  things  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  platforms  to  leverage  the  data  and  insights  derived  from  it  opened  new  doors  to  develop  additional  services  and  a  web  applications  that  enables  monitoring,  asset  optimization  and  more.  an  example  is  the  chelopech  mine  in  bulgaria.  its  an  underground  gold  and  copper  mine,  operated  by  canadian  firm  dundee  precious  metals.  building  upon  a  modernization,  digitization  and  the  implementation  of  a  mobile  ip  network  with  companies  such  as  sandvik,  dassault  systmes  geovia  and  cisco  for  the  communications  and  network  part  an  industry  4.0  project  helped  achieving  several  benefits.  among  them:  an  increase  of  production,  realtime  maintenance,  better  and  cheaper  communication
__label__assetoperationsoptimization possibilities,  fast  productivity  data  no  more  paper,  better  collaboration,  fast  resolving  of  issues  that  have  a  negative  impact  on  production  and  thanks  to  tags  which  are  added  to  miners  helmets  and  to  vehicles  an  overview  of  who  and  what  is  where  and  when.  this  doesnt  just  lead  to  insights  but  also  adds  to  miners  safety.  with,  on  top  of  the  above  cases,  additional  examples  from  companies  such  as  rolls  royce  in  aviation,  great  lakes  neurotechnologies  in  healthcare,  daimler  trucks,  elm  energy  and  more.  this  doesnt  mean  that  for  communication  between  specific  elements  of  an  iiot  solution,  there  cant  be  any
__label__assetoperationsoptimization technologies  that  are  mainly  used  for  consumer  applications.  examples  include  communications  between  sensor  nodes  and  sensor  hubs  over  a  very  short  distance.  it  also  doesnt  mean  that  some  approaches  e.g.  lpwa  or  wifi  cant  be  used  in  industrial  iot  and  in  nonindustrial  applications.  thats  the  overlap.  what  we  do  see  though  is  that  in  the  industrial  internet  of  things  the  types  of  connections  and  connectivity  approaches  are  different  in  general.  this  is  certainly  also  the  case  in  manufacturing  industry  4.0.  the  image  below  shows  the  main  evolutions  with  regards  to  the  number  and  type  of  iiot  connections  and  the  evolutions
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  regards  to  the  iiot  connectivity  technologies.  in  2017,  25  percent  of  the  13  million  new  connections  in  industrial  iot  goes  to  wireless  iiot  connections.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  takes  a  central  place  in  the  industrial  transformation  projects  which  are  initiated,  developed  and  implemented  in  nations  and  industry  bodies  across  the  globe.  we  already  mentioned  some  previously  and  as  promised  take  a  deeper  dive.  its  especially  important  to  see  how  these  different  initiatives,  the  reference  architectures  they  develop  and  the  publications  they  put  out  in  regards  with  security  and  the  industrial  iot,  iiot  standards  and  so  forth  evolve  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization how  they  collaborate  and  try  to  align  with  eachother.  why  is  this  important?  first,  because  standardization  and  the  promotion  of  the  usage  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  key  in  their  efforts,  standards  are  essential  in  iiot  and  at  one  point  or  the  other  there  will  be  some  kind  of  certification  to  see  if  industrial  iot  products  and  solutions  are  compatible  with  the  requirements  which  are  agreed  within  the  bodies  that  laid  out  the  rules.  companies  such  as  ge,  siemens  and  bosch  operate  across  the  globe  and  are  often  members  of  several  industry  bodies  at  the  same  time.  manufacturers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  logistics  firms  also  think  shipping,  aviation  etc.,  even  smaller  ones,  operate  in  a  gobal  context  as  well,  and,  last  but  not  least  all  the  providers  of  industrial  internet  of  things  solutions,  on  top  of  the  three  mentioned  ones  think  cisco,  ibm,  sap  etc.  also  work  globally  and  are  active  members  of  these  consortia.  finally  the  several  initiatives  and  industry  bodies  are  key  sources  for  indepth  material  regarding  the  industrial  internet  of  things.  they  and  their  members  come  with  a  wealth  of  information,  best  practices  and  recommendations  about,  among  others,  iiot.  in  other  words:  they  also  help  you  succeed  if
__label__assetoperationsoptimization you  have  an  industrial  internet  of  things  project  or  broader  project  in  which  iiot  fits.  the  several  national,  regional  and  global  industry  bodies  and  initiatives,  which  de  facto  put  the  industrial  internet  of  things  at  the  center  of  their  efforts,  have  different  names,  frameworks/models  and  approaches,  depending  on  their  background.  an  overview  of  the  main  ones.  its  main  focus  is  manufacturing  and  logistics  with  an  important  role  for  cyberphysical  systems.  its  building  blocks,  cyberphysical  systems,  are  based  on  the  newest  control  systems,  embedded  software  systems  and  the  ability  of  connection  using  an  ip  internet  protocol  address.  this  means  that  cyberphysical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems  share  numerous  characteristics  with  the  internet  of  things  and  certainly  the  industrial  internet  of  things:  the  bridging  of  a  physical  and  cyber  reality  what  else  is  the  iot  about?  and  the  ability  to  connect  to  the  internet.  cyberphysical  systems,  in  the  view  of  industry  4.0  are  a  next  stage  in  engineering  and  mechanics  and  essentially  that  next  stage  is  the  industrial  internet  of  things  the  connectedness  of  manufacturing  assets,  products  and  production  processes,  with  a  strong  focus  on  data.  cyberphysical  systems  in  the  industry  4.0  view  are  the  building  blocks  of  industry  4.0  but  they  also  enable  new  capabilities
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  manufacturing  and  more.  the  new  capabilities  or  iot  use  cases,  again  in  the  view  of  industry  4.0  in  turn  enable  anything  smart:  the  smart  plant,  smart  factory,  smart  logistics,  ,  smart  building,  you  name  it.  the  link  is  pretty  clear.  as  you  can  read  on  our  industry  4.0  page,  the  boston  consulting  group  sees  industry  4.0  as  the  convergence  of  nine  digital  industrial  technologies:  advanced  robotics,  additive  manufacturing,  ,  simulation,  horizontal/vertical  integration,  cloud,  cybersecurity,  big  data  and  analytics,  and  the  industrial  internet.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  comes  back  in  virtually  all  of  the  mentioned  converging  technologies.  advanced  robots
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  cobots  need  iot,  simulation  think  digital  twins  needs  iot,  big  data  de  facto  is  also  about  iiot  data,  the  list  goes  on.  funny  enough,  the  industrial  internet,  which  well  tackle  next  and  is  mentioned  as  a  technology  by  bcg  which  it  really  isnt  though  is  all  about  iiot  and  another  industry  group:  the  industrial  internet  consortium.  its  main  tasks?  promote  and  standardizethe  industrial  internet  of  things.  this  is,  among  others  due  to  efforts  of  german  plattform  industrie  4.0  to  put  industry  4.0  as  a  european  standardization  platform.  this  is  done  within  eu  institutions,  by  bilateral  agreements  with  countries  such
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  france  and  italy,  which  just  as  other  european  countries  have  their  own  industrial  transformation  projects  with  the  iiot  taking  center  stage  such  as  smart  factory  e.g.  the  netherlands,  industry  of  the  future  france  and  more.  on  top  of  pushing  the  industry  4.0  view  and  architectural  reference  model  see  next  point,  plattform  industrie  4.0  and  the  powerful  german  industrial  market  we  mentioned  some  companies  is  also  taking  industry  4.0  globally.  this  is  among  others  done  via  similar  international  partnerships  such  as  a  collaboration  with  the  japanese  robot  revolution  initiative  and  the  industrial  internet  consortium,  which  we  mentioned  and  further  explain
__label__assetoperationsoptimization next.  its  pretty  clear  that  such  collaborations  matter,  even  if  its  just  because  the  big  industrial  players  in  practice  are  members  of  various  industry  bodies  and  they  care  less  about  names  such  as  industry  4.0  or  industrial  internet  than  they  do  about  their  business.  it  covers  the  several  aspects  of  industry  4.0  where  in  practice  processes,  protocols,  data,  cyberphysical  systems  and  de  facto  the  industrial  internet  of  things  are  all  tackled.  this  reference  architecture  model  for  industry  4.0  is  called  rami  4.0.  you  can  read  and  watch  .  time  for  the  next  industrial  body  where  iiot  is  essential  and  where
__label__assetoperationsoptimization another  architecture  model  has  been  developed,  again  a  reason  for  collaboration:  the  industrial  internet  consortium.  its  here  that  our  second  industry  body  comes  in  where  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  even  more  prominents  and  where,  in  comparison  with  industry  4.0,  more  industries  are  covered.  the  industral  internet  consortium  today  mainly  is  busy  with  the  promotion  of  the  usage  of  iiot,  which  has  to  be  seen  in  the  scope  of  using  data  in  order  to  improve  operations,  enhance  service  and  detect  new  opportunities.  the  image  below  shows  the  definition  of  the  industrial  internet.  since  the  beginning,  the  iic,  which  was
__label__assetoperationsoptimization founded  by  ge  and  other  big  players  in  industrial  technology  markets  such  as  cisco,  ibm,  intel  and  att  had  the  mission  to  create  standards  to  connect  objects,  sensors  and  large  computing  systems.  in  other  words:  the  industrial  internet  of  things  with  a  focus  on  several  aspects  whereby  intelligent  machines,  advanced  analytics  and  people  at  work  were  three  key  elements.  the  iic  collaborates  with  the  industry  4.0  platform  and  in  november  2016,  the  organization  also  signed  a  memorandum  of  understanding  with  a  consortium  with  similar  goals:  the  iot  acceleration  consortium  or  itac.  the  first  version  was  released  in  2015  and  version
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 1.8  of  the  iira  was  published  in  january  2017.  it  aims  to  help  all  sorts  of  experts  who  are  involved  in  industrial  internet  of  things  projects  to  consistently  design  iiot  solution  architectures  and  deploy  interoperable  industrial  internet  of  things  systems.  remember  that,  as  previously  mentioned,  the  industrial  internet  consortium  covers  more  industries  and  thus  also  iiot  use  cases  and  deployments  than  just  manufacturing.  on  top  of  manufacturing  they  are  energy,  healthcare,  smart  cities  and  transportation.  with  the  iira  v1.8,  however,  the  iic  really  wants  to  cover  applications  in  virtually  all  industries.  some  are  related  to  the  main  industries  mentioned  above
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mining,  public  infrastructure,  others  arent  really  or  partially  agriculture.  last  but  not  least,  the  iic  also  has  a  business  strategy  and  innovation  framework  bsif  which  was  published  end  2016,  as  we  mentioned  in  our  article  on  the  industrial  internet.  quite  a  lot  of  things  to  go  through,  yet  worth  the  effort  obviously.  so,  as  a  synonym  of  the  industrial  internet  or  as,  essentially,  the  usage  of  iot  in  industrial  markets  and  use  cases  which  tend  to  be  very  different  in  nature,  scope  and  technologies  used,  among  others  read  a  guest  blog  from  with  some  of  the  protocols  mentioned  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization infographic.  its  a  mix  of  various  selected  events  really,  ranging  from  the  invention  of  the  plc  programmable  logic  controller  ,  the  first  m2m  devices,  the  standardization  of  ethernet  which  still  plays  a  crucial  role  in  iiot  applications,  especially  with  new  power  over  ethernet  or  poe  standards  around  the  corner  which  are  fit  for  many  of  todayscontrollers  and  m2m  devices  in  applications  ranging  from  industrial  control  systems  to  connected  lighting  and  room  control  ,  the  invention  of  the  web  and  http,  tcp/ip,  opc  data  access,  the  iot  as  coined  by  kevin  ashton  and  cloud  to  opc  unified  architecture,  the  drops  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization sensor  prices  which  definitely  led  to  the  growing  usage  of  iot  and  far  more.  one  could  add  much  more  to  it  of  course,  ranging  from  edi  and  rfid  to  several  breakthroughs  in  chip  technologies  such  as  mems  and  smart  and  so  much  more  but  one  needs  to  stop  a  timeline  somewhere  of  course.  and  in  the  future?  well,  that  convergence  of  it  and  ot  might  still  take  some  time  but  moves  fast  at  different  speeds.  in  the  meantime  add  ,  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  and  beyond  just  to  that  timeline  in  your  mind  too,  trust  us.  too  bad  there  isnt
__label__assetoperationsoptimization enabling  the  internet  of  trusted  things  we  cant  apply  it  best  practices  to  ot  devices  since  theyre  often  from  different  vendors,  in  different  formats,  and  use  different  protocols.  with  zingbox:  as  our  urban  services  continue  to  get  increasingly  interconnected,  unprotected  iot  devices  are  our  top  security  vulnerability.  with  zingbox:  were  unable  to  identify  the  number  of  iot  devices  in  operation.  plus,  we  lack  insight  into  device  location,  usage,  security,  and  more.  with  zingbox:  visibility  microsegmentation  zerotrust  policies  and  compensating  controls  agentless,  signatureless  iot  security  risk  assessment  and  threat  detection  regulatory  compliance  business  efficiency  metrics  operational  insights  improve  citizens  lives  copyright
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 2019  all  rights  reserved.  //  //  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  as  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  using  aws,  hubble  connected  is  helping  people  transform  their  households  by  installing  connected  devices  that  enable  owners  to  control  the  home  environment  through  voice  commands  or  smartphone  apps.  hubble  connected  provides  the  hubble  platform  as  a  service  that  delivers  the  backend  infrastructure  for  manufacturers  smart  devices.  hubble  runs  on  the  aws  cloud  with  services  such  as  amazon  ec2  powering  its  applications,  amazon  s3  storing  billions  of  objects,  and  amazon  dynamodb  storing  all  metadata  events.  integrates  internet  of  things  iot  capabilities  into  its  hmi  service  to  help  customers  optimize  machine  performance.  weintek  manufactures  humanmachine  interfaces  hmis,  which  allow  people  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization control  machine  processes  and  monitor  performance  through  a  touchscreen  interface.  weintek  uses  aws  iot  core  to  enable  the  iot  capabilities  of  hmi  and  easyaccess  2.0,  with  amazon  ec2  instances  supporting  web  and  authentication  services.  with  aws,  abibird  delivers  a  global  solution  that  will  help  elderly  people  live  independently  at  home.  abibird  provides  a  service  that  uses  smart  sensors  that  monitor  lifestyle  routines  of  elderly  people  at  home  without  intruding  on  their  personal  privacy.  the  backend  for  the  service  uses  aws  lambda  and  aws  iot  core  to  ingest,  process,  and  distribute  data  from  the  sensors.  coway  is  expanding  its  global  market
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  introducing  air  purifiers,  water  purifiers,  and  other  products  that  incorporate  artificial  intelligence  and  iot.  the  company  is  also  launching  products  that  incorporate  amazons  artificial  intelligence  voicerecognition  service,  alexa.  coway  is  koreas  leading  consumer  electronics  company  for  water,  air,  and  sleep.  coway  has  successfully  built  a  serverless  platform  utilizing  awss  managed  services.  using  aws  managed  services  such  as  aws  iot,  aws  lambda,  and  amazon  kinesis,  the  company  reduced  the  time  and  cost  of  building  and  running  it  infrastructure  and  can  focus  on  its  core  business.  lg  electronics  lg  launched  lg  thinqa  global  brand  of  home  appliances,  consumer  electronics,  and  services
__label__assetoperationsoptimization featuring  artificial  intelligence  technology.  lg  manufactures  home  appliances  such  as  tvs,  refrigerators,  and  cooling  fans.the  internet  of  things  iot  platform  supporting  lg  thinq  runs  on  aws  iot  core,  with  amazon  elasticache  and  amazon  dynamodb  used  for  data  services.  bayer  crop  science  uses  aws  iot  to  deliver  realtime  crop  data  analysis  and  support  new  corporate  iot  initiatives.  the  company  offers  products  and  services  to  enable  sustainable  agriculture  for  farmers  worldwide.  bayer  crop  science  uses  a  new  iot  pipeline  based  on  the  aws  iot  platform  to  collect  and  analyze  seed  data  from  fields  across  the  globe.  using  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization big  data  on  aws,  bigfinite  helps  pharmaceutical  makers  increase  the  accuracy  and  efficiency  of  their  manufacturing  processes  while  maintaining  regulatory  compliance.  bigfinite  develops  softwareasaservice  saas  applications  for  industrial  processes  in  biotech  and  pharma  and  other  regulated  industries.  the  company  uses  amazon  athena  for  serverless  querying  of  amazon  s3  data  and  incorporates  advanced  cloud  technology  into  its  bigdata  analytics  platform,  using  aws  services  including  amazon  elastic  mapreduce,  aws  lambda,  and  amazon  machine  learning.  spanish  rail  solutions  company  caf  delivers  predictive  maintenance  capabilities  for  its  leadmind  platform  in  just  eight  weeks  with  aws.  caf  rail  services  help  customers  reduce  the  lifecycle  costs
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  its  trains.  aws  iot  core  collates  sensor  data  from  trains,  amazon  kinesis  ingests  the  data,  and  then  amazon  redshift  stores  it  for  analysis.  since  moving  to  the  aws  iot  environment,  centratech  systems  has  reduced  training  time  for  new  customers  from  six  hours  to  one,  and  has  vastly  expanded  its  customer  base  through  an  estimated  66  percent  reduction  in  device  costs.  centratech  systems  is  an  australian  provider  of  wireless  monitoring  and  control  systems  used  by  local  governments  to  manage  water,  pumping,  and  electricity  applications.  the  company  relies  on  amazon  ec2  instances  to  host  its  software  used  with  legacy  hardware,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  has  recently  shifted  to  the  aws  iot  platform  to  manage  newer,  lighter,  and  less  costly  smart  devices  in  the  field.  using  aws  has  enabled  chai  point  to  avoid  any  outages  that  would  affect  a  range  of  businesscritical  systems,  including  a  cloudbased  erp  system  that  integrates  billing  and  supply  chain  activities  and  enables  realtime  monitoring  of  chai  point  retail  stores.  founded  in  2010,  chai  point  is  indias  largest  organized  chai  retailer  with  about  100  retail  stores.  the  business  uses  a  range  of  aws  services  running  in  an  amazon  virtual  private  cloud  to  deliver  its  applications.  using  ,  the  city  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization newport  in  wales,  uk,  deployed  smart  city  internet  of  things  solutions  to  improve  air  quality,  flood  control,  and  waste  management  in  just  a  few  monthsas  opposed  to  the  year  or  more  it  would  have  taken  using  traditional  server  infrastructure.  newport  is  a  vibrant  city  seeking  to  invigorate  its  economy  and  improve  quality  of  life  for  citizens  and  visitors  using  forwardthinking  technology.  through  ,  newport  licenses  davra  networks  ,  which  runs  on  .  by  using  aws,  enel  is  saving  21  percent  on  compute  costs  and  60  percent  on  storage  costs,  has  reduced  provisioning  time  from  four  weeks  to  two  days,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization has  transformed  its  business.  enel  is  an  italian  multinational  manufacturer  and  distributor  of  electricity  and  gas  that  serves  61  million  customers.  enel  uses  aws  as  its  platform  for  iot  and  energy  management.  fabio  veronese,  head  of  infrastructure  and  technological  services,  spoke  onstage  at  re:invent  2016.  petroleum  retailers  in  australia  are  improving  the  performance  and  safety  of  their  service  stations  with  an  aws  iotenabled  solution  called  fuelsuite  from  ems.  ems  specializes  in  solutions  that  provide  petrol  retailers  with  performance  data  gathered  from  sensors  located  around  petrol  stations.  fuelsuite  uses  aws  iot  device  management  to  control  the  edge  devices  collecting  petrol  station
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data,  processes  the  data  with  amazon  ec2,  and  schedules  messages  to  and  from  the  edge  devices  by  using  amazon  sqs.  ewater,  a  londonbased  startup  organization,  needed  help  to  implement  a  solution  for  delivering  clean  water  to  impoverished  communities  in  developing  nations.  it  turned  to  eseye,  an  advanced  technology  partner  in  the  aws  partner  network,  for  an  iotbased  solution  running  in  the  aws  cloud  that  includes  a  simple  payment  system  for  tap  water  and  continuous  monitoring  of  water  systems  in  rural  villages,  which  gives  residents  easy,  affordable  access  to  clean  water.  by  using  aws,  gopro  quickly  built  and  launched  its  gopro
__label__assetoperationsoptimization plus  service  to  enable  its  customers  to  upload  content  directly  to  the  cloud.  gopro  is  an  actioncamera  manufacturer  that  allows  customers  to  share  experiences  with  others  using  its  products,  mobile  apps  and  software.  the  company  relies  on  the  aws  support  team  for  quick  assistance  with  its  upcoming  product  launches.  hellofresh,  the  leading  company  worldwide  in  mealkit  delivery,  sends  boxes  loaded  with  delicious  ingredients  and  matching  recipes  straight  to  your  doorstep.  founded  in  berlin,  the  company  quickly  expanded  internationally  and  currently  serves  over  one  million  households  in  eight  countries.  for  further  developing  its  it  sector,  hellofresh  was  looking  for  a  best
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  class  partner  that  is  similarly  flexible  and  efficient.  as  a  result,  in  december  2014,  hellofresh  partnered  with  aws  and  incorporated  services  like  amazon  cloudfront,  ec2,  rds  and  route  53  into  its  business  operations.  these  services  improve  operational  efficiency,  facilitate  global  collaboration  among  employees  and  allow  hellofresh  to  better  serve  its  customers  worldwide  by  reducing  package  delivery  times.  idexx  uses  aws  to  deliver  a  wide  range  of  solutions  for  veterinary  practices.  idexx  is  a  global  leader  in  veterinary  diagnostic  equipment  and  reference  laboratory  services.  the  company  uses  aws  iot  to  identify  equipmentmaintenance  needs,  stores  and  serves  millions  of  images  weekly
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  its  image  manager  service  leveraging  amazon  s3,  and  built  an  enterprise  data  lake  using  amazon  emr.  using  the  aws  cloud,  irobot  can  offer  internetconnected  roomba  robotic  vacuums  on  a  global  scale.  by  helping  its  customers  with  everyday  chores,  the  company  gives  them  more  time  for  whats  most  important.  irobot  connects  to  its  roomba  vacuums  using  aws  lambda,  amazon  kinesis,  and  aws  iot  in  a  serverless  architecture.  used  aws  to  bring  its  iot  solution  for  its  flagship  welding  machine  to  market  and  cut  the  cost  of  software  development  by  approximately  50  percent.  the  finnish  company,  with  a  history  of  innovation,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization designs  and  manufactures  welding  equipment  and  application  software.  it  launched  its  iotenabled  machine  using  aws  technologies  including  aws  iot  core,  aws  lambda,  and  amazon  elasticsearch  service.  kit  check  provides  an  automation  solution  that  combines  cloud  software  with  internet  of  things  iot  technology  to  help  hospitals  track  medications  more  effectively,  improve  compliance  and  safety  in  the  operating  room,  and  dramatically  reduce  the  time  required  to  restock  commonly  used  drugs.  kit  check  uses  aws  to  connect  proprietary  onsite  rfid  equipment  with  a  webbased  service  that  tracks  the  usage  and  expiration  dates  of  medicines.  by  using  aws,  the  startup  company  launched  and  quickly
__label__assetoperationsoptimization expanded  a  profitable  niche  service  across  the  u.s.  healthcare  industry  while  avoiding  the  expense  and  overhead  of  traditional  it  systems.  miovision  uses  aws  to  capture  and  analyze  iot  data  from  thousands  of  connected  devices  at  traffic  intersections  around  the  world.  through  connected  sensors  and  intelligent  analytics,  miovision  empowers  more  than  17,000  municipalities  in  50  countries  to  be  smarter,  improving  transportation  capacity,  safety,  costeffectiveness,  and  performance.  the  company  uses  aws  iot  to  securely  connect  thousands  of  advanced  sensors  and  cameras,  builds  innovative  analytics  on  amazon  ec2  and  other  services,  and  provides  open  access  to  data  via  amazon  api  gateway.  modjoul  uses
__label__assetoperationsoptimization aws  to  provide  safety  data  to  customers  five  times  faster,  process  data  from  thousands  of  safety  belts  in  nearreal  time,  and  help  customers  ensure  their  employees  are  safe.  the  organization  seeks  to  improve  companies  safety  records  by  providing  data  and  actionable  insights  to  eliminate  employee  injuries.  modjoul  uses  the  aws  iot  platform  to  transmit  data  from  thousands  of  its  smartbelt  devices  to  the  aws  cloud.  pentair  increases  beer  filtration  system  performance  by  10  percent,  reduces  costs,  and  increases  predictability  for  filtration  processes.  the  company  is  a  global  provider  of  water  filtration  systems  equipped  with  sensors  to  breweries,  fish  farms,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization other  industrial  and  commercial  customers.  pentair  runs  its  beer  membrane  filtration  system  on  aws  iot,  taking  advantage  of  aws  greengrass  to  ensure  location  data  connections  are  not  lost  and  using  aws  iot  core  to  process  data  from  remote  facilities.  people  in  need  is  using  aws  to  scale  an  early  warning  system  in  cambodia  that  alerts  about  400,000  subscribers  when  floods  threaten.  based  in  the  czech  republic,  people  in  need  is  a  nongovernmental,  nonprofit  organization  engaged  in  humanitarian  and  development  work  in  more  than  20  countries.  the  people  in  need  early  warning  system  runs  both  sensor  technology  and  an  opensource  ivr
__label__assetoperationsoptimization solution  using  amazon  ec2,  aws  elastic  beanstalk,  auto  scaling,  and  elastic  load  balancing.  by  using  aws,  petajakarta  can  scale  to  meet  usage  demand  of  jakartas  28  million  citizens  during  flood  events  while  managing  costs  during  offpeak  times.  petajakarta.org  harnesses  the  power  of  social  media  to  gather,  sort,  and  display  information  about  flooding  for  jakarta  residents  in  real  time.  running  a  dynamic  set  of  services  on  top  of  a  wellmaintained  hardware  platform  allows  petajakarta  to  provide  resilient,  flexible  services  that  respond  to  extreme  weather  events.  rachio  processes  millions  of  iot  messages  daily  and  has  cut  development  costs  by  40  percent  using
__label__assetoperationsoptimization aws.  rachio  is  the  creator  of  the  smart  sprinkler  controller,  a  wifibased  irrigation  controller  that  helps  consumers  optimize  their  irrigation  schedules.  the  company  uses  aws  iot  to  enable  the  secure  interaction  of  connected  devices  with  the  cloud  and  uses  aws  elastic  beanstalk  to  deploy  and  manage  its  website,  apps,  and  apis.  royale  international  group  achieved  300  percent  growth  in  the  first  six  months  of  its  new  courier  service  to  hong  kongbased  7eleven  storespopular  collection  points  for  online  purchasesthrough  the  scalability  and  simplified  management  of  aws.  royale  international  group  offers  express  delivery  services  to  businesses  worldwide.  the  company  is  taking  advantage
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  amazon  api  gateway  service  to  ensure  7eleven  store  managers,  online  merchants,  and  couriers  have  the  latest  information  on  their  shipments.  the  company  also  uses  a  range  of  aws  services  such  as  amazon  ec2  for  compute,  amazon  dynamodb  for  database  services,  and  aws  lambda  to  increase  operational  efficiency.  siemens  has  deployed  an  iot  environment  at  a  plant  in  mexico  in  less  than  eight  weeks,  which  will  help  it  double  efficiency.  the  company  is  europes  largest  industrial  manufacturer  with  a  global  workforce  of  more  than  377,000  and  annual  revenue  exceeding  80  billion.  it  uses  the  siemens  mindsphere  internet  of  things
__label__assetoperationsoptimization platform,  which  is  hosted  on  aws,  to  connect  its  production  machines  to  the  aws  cloud.  syskron  x,  subsidiary  of  krones  ag,  develops  digital  endtoend  solutions  for  production  lines  and  uses  aws  services  to  help  customers  in  the  food  and  beverage  industry  to  optimize  their  supply  chain.  under  armour  can  scale  its  connected  fitness  apps  to  meet  the  demands  of  more  than  180  million  global  users,  innovate  and  deliver  new  products  and  features  more  quickly,  and  expand  internationally  by  taking  advantage  of  the  reliability  and  high  availability  of  aws.  the  company  is  a  global  leader  in  performance  footwear,  apparel,  and  equipment.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization under  armour  runs  its  growing  connected  fitness  app  platform  on  the  aws  cloud.  has  developed  an  aipowered  safety  solution  on  aws  to  detect  and  prevent  accidents  from  occurring,  using  nearrealtime  analytics  with  less  than  300  milliseconds  latency.  headquartered  in  malaysia,  usg  boral  manufactures  and  supplies  gypsumbased  wall  and  ceiling  systems.  the  company  uses  aws  iot  greengrass  and  aws  iot  core  to  connect  forklifts  to  ml  models  on  the  cloud  and  takes  advantage  of  lambdaedge  to  run  code.  visy  has  increased  the  performance  of  its  businesscritical  sap  environment  by  moving  to  awsincreasing  database  and  application  performance  by  28  percent  and  46
__label__assetoperationsoptimization percent,  respectively.  visy  is  a  global  leader  in  packaging  and  recycling  solutions.  the  organization  runs  its  sap  infrastructure  on  amazon  ec2  x1  instances  with  amazon  s3  and  amazon  ebs  for  data  storage,  and  amazon  redshift  supporting  realtime  business  reporting.  using  the  aws  cloud,  woodside  can  deliver  analytics  algorithms  in  a  matter  of  weeks  or  days  instead  of  three  to  six  months.  woodside  is  a  global  oil  and  gas  company  based  in  australia.  the  company  uses  iot  technology  to  monitor  more  than  200,000  sensors  at  one  liquefied  natural  gas  plant,  and  big  data  tools  to  deliver  quick  insights  across  the  organization.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization zimplistic  is  driving  sales  of  its  rotimatic  robot  kitchen  appliance  worldwide  with  the  support  of  aws.  the  startup  developed  the  rotimatic  device,  which  prepares  freshly  baked  rotisflatbreadsin  less  than  a  minute.  rotimatic  is  iotenabled  using  aws  iot  core,  which  ensures  that  data  passes  securely  and  reliably  from  the  rotimatic  devices  to  cloud  applications  running  on  amazon  ec2  instances,  and  the  company  relies  on  aws  lambda  for  data  processing.  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization internet  of  things  vele  galovski  in  our  post  driving  service  efficiency  in  the  age  of  iot  ,  we  highlighted  the  most  common  application  for  smart,  connected  products:  service  efficiency.  however,  this  narrow  focus  limited  the  return  on  investment  for  many  suppliers,  leaving  many  to  wonder  what  the  iot  internet  of  things  buzz  was  all  about.  the  next  step  on  the  remote  services  continuum,  process  optimization,  places  more  emphasis  on  the  customer,  which  leads  to  better  results  for  everyone.  tsia  defines  process  optimization  as:  providing  remote  monitoring,  predictive  maintenance,  and  automated  support  before  equipment  fails.  combining  technology,  people,  and  process  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization provide  services  regardless  of  location.  also  includes  the  collection  and  analysis  of  data  to  identify  new  features  and  value  added  services  that  help  customers  achieve  and  maintain  a  level  of  operation.  so,  where  service  efficiency  focuses  on  making  the  onsite  incident  quick  and  effective,  process  optimization  looks  to  eliminate  the  unplanned,  onsite  incident  altogether.by  collecting  data  to  monitor  key  components,  get  performance  feedback,  and  ,  suppliers  are  able  to  dramatically  increase  product  utilization  by:  a  from  the  enterprise  hardware  industry  incorporated  automated  service,  selfhelp,  and  assisted  support  technology  as  part  of  a  new  product  launch  with  some  impressive  results:  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization member  success  story  is  a  logical  extension  of  service  efficiency,  since  it  is  focused  on  the  suppliers  product.  although  the  improvement  in  product  utilization  was  well  received  by  customers,  as  illustrated  by  the  phenomenal  growth  in  product  placements,  this  member  has  yet  to  achieve  the  other  objective  of  process  optimization,  which  is  to  use  the  collected  data  to  enable  valueadded  services.  so,  what  happens  when  companies  expand  their  focus  beyond  the  performance  of  their  own  product  to  that  of  customer  performance?  a  great  example  of  improving  product  utilization  and  enabling  valueadded  services  is  schindler  elevator  and  their  port  personal  occupant
__label__assetoperationsoptimization requirement  terminal  technology.  for  over  100  years,  elevator  manufacturers  have  sold,  installed,  and  serviced  elevators.  they  have  improved  the  product  to  the  point  that  an  elevator  attendant  is  no  longer  required,  causing  the  end  user  to  take  for  granted  that  they  will  get  to  the  right  floor  safe  and  sound,  simply  by  pushing  a  button.  for  many  manufacturers,  this  is  where  the  story  ends.  however,  schindler  looked  at  the  process  from  the  customers  perspective.  building  owners  and  facility  managers  have  these  highly  advanced  elevators  in  their  buildings  without  any  overarching  method  to  improve  the  end  user  experience  or  to  operate
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  elevators  more  efficiently.  schindler  filled  this  void  with  their  port  technology,  and  the  data  collected  from  the  operation  of  the  elevators  helped  building  owners  and  facility  managers:  schindler  is  now  on  their  4  generation  of  destination  dispatch  technology  and  they  continue  to  find  new  valueadded  services  that  go  beyond  the  of  a  product.  every  sales  manual  in  the  world  sings  the  praises  of  consultative  selling  and  its  focus  on  improving  customer  outcomes  instead  of  reciting  a  list  of  product  features.  beyond  being  a  good  way  to  sell  more  products,  placing  the  improvement  of  customer  outcomes  at  the  center  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization an  integrated  strategy  with  the  development  of  smart,  connected  products  can  reinvent  technology  companies.for  example:  where  is  this  all  heading?  at  the  end  of  2013,  tsia  published  a  book  titled  b4b:  how  technology  and  big  data  are  reinventing  the  customersupplier  relationship  .  tsia  has  seen  a  growing  list  of  product  companies  that  historically  only  offered  traditional  productattach  services  level  2  offers  that  are  now  delivering  services  that  help  customers  accelerate  their  adoption  of  technology  level  3  offers,  or  commit  to  helping  customers  achieve  specific  business  outcomes  level  4  offers.  as  customers  continue  to  insist  on  suppliers  moving  towards  a  level
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 3  and  level  4  supplier  model,  finding  new  ways  to  save  customers  money  and  improve  their  business  outcomes  will  determine  the  longterm  success  of  technology  companies.  a  bit  of  a  warning  to  product  companies  that  are  focused  on  service  efficiency  and  process  optimization:  someone  will  help  customers  achieve  specific  business  outcomes,  either  current  competitors  or  new  entrants.  these  new  entrants  dont  play  by  the  same  rules,  are  unencumbered  by  legacy  product  definitions  and  entrenched  ways  of  competing,  have  no  historical  profit  pools  to  protect,  and  are  open  to  seize  full  potential  to  capture  value.  these  new  entrants  also  see  software
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  connects  products  as  the  core  advantage,  not  the  product  itself.  the  topic  of  our  next  post  in  this  industrial  equipment  blog  series  will  be  how  product  companies  can  leverage  iot  to  integrate  information,  people,  and  processes  to  improve  a  customers  business  outcomes.  read  more  posts  in  the  series:  research  report  is  vice  president  of  research,  ,  for  tsia.  using  his  nearly  30  years  of  industry  experience,  he  has  consistently  helped  companies  both  large  and  small  drive  doubledigit  topline  growth  with  a  proven  retain,  gain,  and  grow  strategy.  vele  has  also  written  a  book,  ,  which  describes  a  holistic  approach
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  management  based  on  ambitious  goal  setting,  data  driven  analysis,  skillful  prioritization,  inspiring  leadership,  and  the  lost  art  of  employee  engagement.  ,  is  director,  industrial  services  research,  for  tsia,  as  well  as  a  teacher  in  a  mba  program  for  sales  and  service  engineering  at  furtwangen  university,  germany.  his  focus  is  chiefly  on  services  in  industrial  automation,  equipment,  instruments  and  technology  companies.  he  has  20  years  of  experience  in  the  areas  of  research,  consulting  and  management  in  industrial  services,  supply  chain  management,  and  itmanagement  in  industrial  equipment,  automotive  and  enterprise  it  industries.  the  technology  services  industry  association  tsia  is  dedicated  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization process  control  and  optimization  pco  is  the  discipline  of  adjusting  a  process  to  maintain  or  optimize  a  specified  set  of  parameters  without  violating  process  constraints.  the  pco  market  is  being  driven  by  rising  demand  for  energy  efficient  production  processes,  safety  and  security  concerns,  and  the  development  of  iot  systems  that  can  reliably  predict  process  deviations.  fundamentally,  there  are  three  parameters  that  can  be  adjusted  to  affect  optimal  performance:  equipment  optimization  the  first  step  is  to  verify  that  the  existing  equipment  is  being  used  to  its  fullest  advantage  by  examining  operating  data  to  identify  equipment  bottlenecks.  operating  procedures  operating  procedures  may
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vary  widely  from  persontoperson  or  from  shifttoshift.  automation  of  the  plant  can  help  significantly.  but  automation  will  be  of  no  help  if  the  operators  take  control  and  run  the  plant  in  manual.  control  optimization  in  a  typical  processing  plant,  such  as  a  chemical  plant  or  oil  refinery,  there  are  hundreds  or  even  thousands  of  control  loops.  each  control  loop  is  responsible  for  controlling  one  part  of  the  process,  such  as  maintaining  a  temperature,  level,  or  flow.  if  the  control  loop  is  not  properly  designed  and  tuned,  the  process  runs  below  its  optimum.  the  process  will  be  more  expensive  to  operate,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  equipment  will  wear  out  prematurely.  for  each  control  loop  to  run  optimally,  identification  of  sensor,  valve,  and  tuning  problems  is  important.  it  has  been  well  documented  that  over  35  of  control  loops  typically  have  problems.  the  process  of  continuously  monitoring  and  optimizing  the  entire  plant  is  sometimes  called  performance  supervision.  the  advanced  process  control  market  is  estimated  to  reach  usd  1.4  billion  by  2020;  growing  at  a  cagr  of  11.79  from  2014  to  2020.  source:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization slide  3  from  the  webinar  slide  4  from  the  webinar  webinar  slides  and  photos  of  the  dash  courtesy  of  .  suzanne  kattau  is  a  senior  communications  professional  with  more  than  15  years  of  editorial  experience  working  for  major  tech  publishing  organizations  including  ziff  davis  enterprise,  cmp  media,  ubm  and  bz  media.  suzanne  has  a  ba  in  english  from  hofstra  university.  she  can  be  reached  at  skattaurtinsights.com  or  suzannekattaugmail.com.  she  can  be  followed  on  twitter  suzannekattau.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization frontiers  frontiers  office  more  on  impact  the  workplace  of  the  future:  how  current  technologies  will  transform  our  offices,  services  we  use  and  the  industrial  environment  the  editor  and  reviewers  affiliations  are  the  latest  provided  on  their  loop  research  profiles  and  may  not  reflect  their  situation  at  the  time  of  review.  research  advances  in  the  last  decades  have  allowed  the  introduction  of  internet  of  things  iot  concepts  in  several  industrial  application  scenarios,  leading  to  the  socalled  industry  4.0  or  industrial  iot  iiot.  the  industry  4.0  has  the  ambition  to  revolutionize  industry  management  and  business  processes,  enhancing  the  productivity  of  manufacturing  technologies
__label__assetoperationsoptimization through  field  data  collection  and  analysis,  thus  creating  realtime  digital  twins  of  industrial  scenarios.  moreover,  it  is  vital  for  companies  to  be  as  smart  as  possible  and  to  adapt  to  the  varying  nature  of  the  digital  supply  chains.  this  is  possible  by  leveraging  iot  in  industry  4.0  scenarios.  in  this  paper,  we  describe  the  renovation  process,  guided  by  things2i  s.r.l.,  a  crossdisciplinary  engineeringeconomic  spinoff  company  of  the  university  of  parma,  which  a  real  manufacturing  industry  is  undergoing  over  consecutive  phases  spanning  a  few  years.  the  first  phase  concerns  the  digitalization  of  the  control  quality  process,  specifically  related  to  the  companys
__label__assetoperationsoptimization production  lines.  the  use  of  paper  sheets  containing  different  quality  checks  has  been  made  smarter  through  the  introduction  of  a  digital,  smart,  and  webbased  application,  which  is  currently  supporting  operators  and  quality  inspectors  working  on  the  supply  chain  through  the  use  of  smart  devices.  the  second  phase  of  the  iiot  evolutioncurrently  ongoingconcerns  both  digitalization  and  optimization  of  the  production  planning  activity,  through  an  innovative  webbased  planning  tool.  the  changes  introduced  have  led  to  significant  advantages  and  improvement  for  the  manufacturing  company,  in  terms  of:  i  impressive  cost  reduction;  ii  better  products  quality  control;  iii  realtime  detection  and  reaction  to  supply
__label__assetoperationsoptimization chain  issues;  iv  significant  reduction  of  the  time  spent  in  planning  activity;  and  v  resources  employment  optimization,  thanks  to  the  minimization  of  unproductive  setup  times  on  production  lines.  these  two  renovation  phases  represent  a  basis  for  possible  future  developments,  such  us  the  integration  of  sensorbased  data  on  the  operational  status  of  production  machines  and  the  currently  available  warehouse  supplies.  in  conclusion,  the  industry  4.0based  ongoing  digitization  process  guided  by  things2i  allows  to  continuously  collect  heterogeneous  humantothings  h2t  data,  which  can  be  used  to  optimize  the  partner  manufacturing  company  as  a  whole  entity.  in  the  last  decades,  there  has  been  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization digital  revolution  in  manufacturing  factories,  especially  related  to  the  adoption  of  new  digital  tools  for  the  company  and  business  processes  management.  today,  we  are  participating  to  the  ongoing  convergence  of  real  and  virtual  worlds,  which  can  be  considered  as  the  main  driver  of  innovation  and  changes  in  all  sectors  of  our  industrial  economy.  moreover,  the  progressive  establishment  of  information  and  communication  technology  ict  and  the  possibility  to  employ  modern  technologies  to  collect  continuously  growing  amount  of  data,  are  strongly  changing  the  concept  of  company.  hence,  the  first  change  in  the  industrial  scenarios  corresponds  to  an  advanced  digitalization  process  that,  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization combination  with  internetbased  and  futureoriented  technologies  including,  as  an  example,  smart  objectssos,  leads  to  the  new  paradigm  of  the  industrial  production  denoted  as  industry  4.0.  this  new  concept,  whose  name  is  also  due  to  the  fact  that  this  wave  of  changes  is  considered  as  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  in  modern  history,  promotes  the  vision  of  a  factory  as  a  modular  and  efficient  manufacturing  system,  in  which  the  products  control  their  own  manufacturing  process.  industry  4.0  is  strongly  related  to  the  industrial  iot  iiot  paradigm,  which  is  still  in  an  explorative  stage.  at  this  time,  there  seems  to  be  no  clear
__label__assetoperationsoptimization solutions,  generally  employed  in  manufacturing  industries,  that  can  bridge  the  gap  between  iot  and  legacy  systems.  nevertheless,  there  are  many  uses  cases  and  iot  deployments  offering  a  rapid  return  and  enabling  manufacturers  to  realize  digital  transformations  from  several  perspectives:  efficiency,  automation,  customercentricity,  competitive  benefits,  together  with  the  advantages  offered  by  using  data  across  the  manufacturing  value  chain,  thus  turning  into  new  revenue  sources;  this  undoubtedly  represents  a  key  aspect  of  digital  transformation  in  manufacturing,  as  highlighted  by  .  in  industries  there  are  many  opportunities  to  leverage  iot  in  connecting  physical  and  digital  worlds,  collecting  data  from  various  assets  such  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization machines,  production  assets,  and  various  additional  objects  not  strictly  related  to  the  production  process,  generating  a  vast  information  network  as  described  by  and  .  as  highlighted  before,  even  in  this  case  this  innovation  process  is  an  important  element,  since  in  manufacturingoriented  companies,  we  typically  tend  to  think  about  physical  goods  and  products,  while  bigger  opportunities  for  manufacturers  come  and  lie  in  cyberphysical  systems  cps,  looking  to  new  service  economy  models  and  information  opportunities.  in  this  work,  we  present  the  description  of  the  innovation  and  digitalization  process,  following  the  industry  4.0  paradigm,  implemented  in  a  partner  company  in  order  to  improve
__label__assetoperationsoptimization its  performance  in  the  overall  departments,  through  the  introduction  of  modern  technologies  in  the  business  processes  in  both  control  quality  and  production  planning  tasks.  the  process  has  been  completely  guided  by  things2i,  a  crossdisciplinary  engineeringeconomic  spinoff  of  the  university  of  parma  and,  in  particular,  involves  two  applications:  the  first  one,  denoted  as  smartfactory  ,  has  been  developed  to  improve  the  production  monitoring  and  the  control  quality  activities.  the  second  application,  denoted  as  smartplanner  ,  is  a  webbased  tool  aiming  at  supporting  the  production  planning  staff  in  the  complex  activity  of  scheduling  the  manufacturing  orders  on  the  production  lines  proper  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  partner  company.  finally,  we  will  discuss  about  iotbased  evaluation  of  the  developed  systems.  the  rest  of  this  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  in  section  2,  an  overview  of  related  works  on  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  and  digitalization  adoption  is  provided.  in  section  3,  a  description  of  the  partner  company  and  of  its  internal  business  organization  is  given.  in  section  4,  a  detailed  overview  of  the  innovations  adopted  in  order  to  improve  the  performance  of  the  control  quality  department  is  presented.  a  detailed  description  of  the  second  phase  of  the  digitalization  process  actuated  in  the  target  company  is  detailed  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization section  5,  while  in  section  6  an  overview  of  future  developments  is  presented.  finally,  conclusions  are  drawn  in  section  7.  among  the  different  technologies  characterizing  the  evolution  process  of  a  company,  the  erp  adoption  is  one  of  the  most  important,  due  to  the  significant  effects  that  it  could  have  on  the  entire  production  process.  several  studies  highlight  that  companies,  depending  on  their  size,  approach  erp  implementations  in  different  ways,  and  have  to  face  heterogeneous  issues.  at  the  same  time,  it  has  been  also  demonstrated  that  benefits  coming  from  the  erp  adoption  differ  on  the  basis  of  the  company  size  itself:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization argue  that,  in  general,  smaller  companies  benefit  of  better  performance  in  manufacturing  and  logistics,  while  larger  companies  show  improvements  and  benefits  in  financial  fields.  regardless  of  the  company  size,  understanding,  and  optimizing  business  processes  represents  a  success  factor  in  fastchanging  environments,  like  the  one  proper  of  previously  highlighted  scenarios.  improved  the  definition  of  erp,  highlighting  that  it  allows  to  better  manage  resources,  integrate  processes,  and  enforce  data  integrity,  while  it  has  to  include  integrated  modules  for  accounting,  finance,  sales  and  distribution,  human  resources,  materials  management  and  other  business  functions  based  on  a  common  architecture  that  links  the  enterprise  to  both
__label__assetoperationsoptimization customers  and  suppliers.  moreover,  erps  allow  a  seamless  integration  of  processes  across  functional  areas  with  improved  workflow,  standardization  of  various  business  practices,  improved  order  management,  accurate  accounting  of  inventory,  and  better  supply  chain  management.  hence,  as  highlighted  by  ,  the  adoption  of  an  erp  has  different  effects  on  the  companys  lifecycle,  thus  involving  interventions  in  different  aspects  and  layers  of  the  business,  ranging  from  higher  layers  e.g.,  ebusiness  to  lower  layers  e.g.,  infactory  supply  chain  management.  analyzes  the  effects  of  the  introduction  of  erps  on  the  operative  side,  highlighting  that  companies  of  different  sizes  tend  to  follow  a  different  behavior
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  their  implementations.  in  particular,  there  are  differences  between  large  and  small  enterprises  over  a  range  of  issues,  including:  i  the  motivation  that  leads  to  the  adoption  of  an  erp  system  in  the  factory;  ii  the  kind  of  adopted  system;  iii  the  implementation  strategies  effectively  adopted;  and  iv  the  customization  and  reengineerings  degree  of  the  system  operating  with  the  erp.  moreover,  and  highlight  that  there  exist  several  differences  even  in  the  outcomes  attained  to  an  erp  adoption,  in  particular  regarding  the  relationship  between  structural  variables  proper  of  a  company  e.g.,  industry  type,  size,  and  organizational  structure  and  their  impact  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization various  operations,  having  that  the  organizational  size  is  the  most  frequently  examined  issues  associated  with  innovation,  rd  expenditures,  and  market  power.  thus,  suggests  that  small  companies  tend  to  lag  behind  large  factories  in  implementing  new  technologies,  also  employing  different  practices,  whereas  larger  manufacturers  are  more  likely  to  be  early  adopters  of  information  technology  innovations,  being  also  more  suited  to  have  an  internal  it  office  handling  all  the  networking  operations.  other  aspects  that  have  to  be  kept  in  mind  in  choosing  an  erp  system  are:  i  the  software  installation  complexitythis,  however,  normally  represents  just  a  part  of  the  process,  due  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  fact  that  a  successful  erp  implementation  involves  more  than  having  sophisticated  software  and  advanced  computing  technologies;  ii  the  motivation  guiding  a  company  to  implement  an  erp;  iii  the  type  of  erp  that  is  to  be  implemented  and  the  resulting  system  configuration;  iv  the  implementation  strategies  adopted  by  the  manufacturing  company;  v  the  degree  of  customization  required  to  the  erp  developers;  and  vi  the  implementation  cost  required  by  the  erp  adoption,  with  the  consequent  investment  revenues  and  returns.  based  on  these  additional  aspects  ;  state  that  smaller  companies  are  more  likely  to  change  their  processes  to  fit  the  system,  while
__label__assetoperationsoptimization larger  companies  are  more  likely  to  customize  the  system.  this  leads  to  the  fact  that  any  change  to  the  system  can  have  major  implications.  generally,  modifications  lead  to  higher  costs,  longer  implementation  times  and  more  complicated  implementations.  another  key  point,  which  raised  attention  in  the  last  decade  and  is  characterizing  the  evolution  process  of  a  company,  relates  to  the  digitalizationor  digital  transformation  processwhich  has  been  identified  as  one  of  the  major  trends  changing  society  and  business,  since  digitalization  causes  changes  for  companies  due  to  the  adoption  of  digital  technologies  in  the  operation  environment  or  in  the  organization.  and  highlight  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  changes  introduced  by  the  digitalization  can  cover  different  factory  levels,  such  as  i  the  process  level  streamlining  processes  by  reducing  manual  steps  and  adopting  new  digital  tools,  ii  the  organization  level  offering  new  services  and  existing  services  in  new  ways,  and  discarding  obsolete  practices,  iii  the  business  domain  level  changing  value  chains  and  roles  inside  ecosystems,  and  iv  the  society  level  e.g.,  changing  type  of  work.  and  motivate  the  fact  that  replacing  paper  and  manual  processes  with  softwarebased  solutions  allows  to  automatically  and  quickly  collect  data  that  can  be  mined  to  better  understand  the  rick  causes  and  the  process
__label__assetoperationsoptimization performance.  finally,  and  highlight  the  importance  of  the  user  interfaces  which  a  digitalization  process  has  to  be  equipped  with,  where  realtime  reports  and  dashboards  on  digitalprocess  performance  allow  managers  to  address  problems  before  they  become  critical.  the  factory  target  of  the  activities  described  in  this  paper  has  been  founded  at  the  end  of  1970s  and  represents  an  important  independent  thermoplastic  hose  manufacturer  for  medium,  high,  and  very  high  pressures.  the  company  head  quarter  hq  and  the  production  factory  are  located  in  italy,  where  thermoplastic  hoses  are  produced  and  assembled.  through  a  network  of  relevant  distributors,  the  produced  hoses  are  then
__label__assetoperationsoptimization distributed  in  65  different  countries  around  the  worlds.  the  annual  company  workload  can  be  assessed  in  more  than  13  millions  meters  42  millions  feet  of  hoses,  made  for  different  industrial  employments,  such  as:  hydraulic  systems  for  forklifts,  aerial  platforms,  cranes,  mobile  devices,  rescue  tooling,  high  pressure  sewer  jetting,  gas  and  water  supply,  paint  spray  markets,  and  air  conditioning  and  refrigeration.  niche  markets  are  also  covered  with,  as  an  example,  hoses  for  air  breathable  management  systems  and  applications  where  high  temperatures  or  aggressive  fluids  resistance  are  required.  more  in  detail,  as  of  today,  the  company  activity  focuses  on  four  major  segments:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ,  with  thermoplastic  hoses  for  hydraulic  applications;  ,  with  thermoplastic  hoses  for  industrial  applications;  ,  with  hoses  for  very  high  pressures  up  to  4,000  bar/58,000  psi;  ,  corresponding  to  a  product  line  composed  of  thermoplastic  hoses  and  fittings  for  air  conditioning  and  refrigeration.  the  high  quality  standards  followed  by  the  company  for  its  products  and  services  have  made  its  success  at  the  international  level  and  have  driven  its  constant  attention  to  technological  innovation  and  modern  research,  in  order  to  continuously  improve  each  stage  in  production  and  organization  activities.  the  production  activity  of  the  company  is  divided  into  7  departments,  where
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  single  production  phase  is  performed.  each  thermoplastic  article  is  thus  produced  across  a  few  consecutive  departments  which  are  shared,  with  different  configurations,  among  the  production  processes  of  several  articles.  moreover,  each  department  has  one  or  more  lines  that  can  work  simultaneously.  the  main  actors  operating  in  the  company  and  being  involved  in  the  activities  related  to  this  work  are  mainly  the  following  three.  :  they  are  in  charge  of  controlling  and  organizing  the  production  schedule  of  all  lines  available  in  the  factory,  taking  into  account  i  the  desired  stock  policy  and  ii  the  commissions  and  orders  placed  from  customers.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization :  they  are  responsible  to  perform  continuous  checks  on  products  and  semifinished  products  directly  on  the  lines  in  the  factory.  each  qi  is  assigned  to  a  set  of  lines,  and  each  item  produced  in  the  company  has  a  predefined  set  of  checks  that  should  be  performed  to  guarantee  conformity  to  quality  standards.  for  this  reason,  during  the  manufacturing  activity,  the  qis,  conforming  to  the  diary  schedule  defined  by  psms,  move  between  lines,  in  order  to  inspect  the  production  process.  :  they  are  responsible  for  preparing  and  activating  the  production  machines  on  the  production  lines,  conforming  to  the  diary  schedule.  some
__label__assetoperationsoptimization production  lines  require  a  dedicated  lo  to  work,  while,  in  other  cases,  a  single  lo  can  simultaneously  manage  few  lines.  when  machines  on  lines  are  active,  los  have  to  take  measurement  to  monitor  the  production,  and  also  perform  self  quality  checks  on  the  hoses,  which  are  then  validated  by  qis.  the  aspects  of  the  manufacturing  process  that  are  of  interest  for  the  digitalization  process  described  in  this  paper  are  mainly  two,  namely:  the  manufacturing  process  monitoring  and  the  production  planning  management.  in  the  following,  the  management  of  these  two  aspects  in  the  target  company,  before  the  digitalization  introduction  are  described
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  detail.  in  order  to  maintain  and  guarantee  to  customers  an  always  growing  quality  level  of  produced  items,  the  company  has  defined  a  precise  protocol  to  be  followed  during  the  manufacturing  process.  more  in  detail,  after  the  definition  of  the  schedule  for  each  line,  performed  by  psms,  each  article  to  be  produced  is  separated  into  a  set  of  n  manufacturing  orders  mo,  one  per  department  involved  in  the  productive  process.  each  mo  is  then  assigned  to  a  specific  line  in  the  factory.  in  this  way,  a  lo  working  on  a  production  line  is  granted  to  have  a  daily  activity  namely
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  list  of  mos  to  perform  on  the  line  which  he/she  is  responsible  for.  the  protocol  of  manufacturing  monitoring  defined  by  the  company  and  set  up  during  the  years  of  its  activity  was  initially  performed  through  the  use  of  mo  forms  mofs  printed  on  paper  sheets.  even  though  each  department  in  the  company  has  a  specific  layout  for  the  mof,  in  terms  of  input  information  types  and  number  of  sections,  one  can  find  a  common  set  of  sections.  some  of  the  sections  are  descriptive,  aiming  at  showing  some  important  information  for  the  manufacturing  process  i.e.,  configurations,  measures,  customizations;  some  other
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  instead  input  sections  and  require  that  someone  among  los,  qis,  or  psms  inserts  some  data  or  measurements.  the  possible  section  types  identified  during  the  preliminary  analysis  activity  are  described  in  the  following  and  depicted  in  .  .  possible  sections  of  the  mof  sheets  and  examples  of  filled  out  mofs.  the  header  section  does  not  require  any  input,  and  simply  identifies  the  mof  type,  among  the  overall  available,  through  the  title  together  with  a  start  date  and  an  order  alphanumeric  code.  the  manufacturing  order  description  section  is  another  part  of  the  documents  which  does  not  require  any  input  from  los,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization hence  is  containing  a  list  of  textual  information  describing  the  steps  needed  for  the  order  completion  and  the  machine  configuration.  the  material  list  section  contains  the  names  and  quantity  of  the  raw  materials  that  should  be  used  by  los  during  the  manufacturing  process:  depending  on  the  kind  of  mo,  this  section  may  differ  in  some  aspects  such  as,  for  example,  in  the  structure  of  the  list  and  the  shown  details.  nevertheless,  the  overall  material  lists  require  that  the  lo  working  on  the  line  handwrites  in  the  form  the  codes  of  the  material  lots  employed  during  the  production,  in  order  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization trace  the  use  of  materials.  the  progress  log  section  is  filled  out  by  los  in  order  to  write  the  quantity  of  hose  products  made  during  their  shift.  this  is  motivated  by  the  fact  that  the  completion  of  a  mo  could  require  multiple  work  shifts  and,  in  some  cases,  some  days;  with  this  section,  the  los  can  check  and  trace  the  development  status  of  an  order,  and  inform  los  starting  their  work  in  the  following  shift.  the  quality  checks  section  contains  the  results  of  data  surveys  performed  during  the  production  process,  in  order  to  verify  that  the  products  comply  with  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization required  standards.  this  section  has  a  different  layout  depending  on  the  mof  type,  as  different  production  articles  require  specific  quality  checks.  moreover,  this  section  is  periodically  filled  out  by  both  los  and  qis.  finally,  the  other  input  section  in  is  used  to  indicate  other  and  more  specific  document  parts,  which  are  present  only  in  some  kinds  of  mofs  and  are  used  to  include  additional  quality  checks,  additional  descriptive  sections,  or  additional  inputs  required  by  the  specific  production  task.  in  general,  these  parts  correspond  to  extra  paper  sheets  printed  and  directly  provided  to  the  operators.  in  ,  some  examples  of  filled
__label__assetoperationsoptimization out  mofs  are  shown.  due  to  their  internal  structure,  most  mof  layouts  can  be  printed  in  a  single  paper  sheet,  while,  in  other  cases,  a  single  mof,  requiring  more  data,  should  be  printed  in  more  pages,  up  to  a  maximum  of  4  pages.  the  protocol  adopted  by  the  company  in  order  to  monitor  the  productive  process  considers  the  following  daily  steps.  1.  each  morning,  the  psm  staff  prints  the  mofs  corresponding  to  the  mos  planned  for  the  current  work  day.  2.  the  printed  mofs  are  distributed  and  delivered  to  the  supervisors  of  all  factory  departments.  then,  the  supervisor  subdivides  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mofs  on  each  departments  production  line.  3.  each  lo  starts  his/her  work  and,  during  the  shift,  fills  out  all  mofs  received  by  the  supervisor.  4.  each  qi  starts  his/her  work  and,  moving  among  the  lines,  he/she  periodically  completes  the  quality  section  of  the  mofs.  5.  in  the  evening,  each  department  supervisor  collects  the  mofs,  corresponding  to  the  completed  mos,  and  delivers  them  to  the  psm  staff.  6.  finally,  the  psm  staff  manually  scans  all  paper  sheets  and  stores  the  obtained  digital  image,  where  inputs  are  only  hand  written.  the  work  related  to  the  production  planning  is  an  extremely  important  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization timeconsuming  task  for  the  partner  company,  as  it  strongly  affects  both  results  and  performance  of  the  subsequent  activities.  the  planning,  on  one  side,  should  fulfill  the  customer  requirements  and,  on  the  other  side,  should  try  to  use  efficiently  both  machines  and  human  resources  on  the  lines.  this  activity  is  performed  by  the  psm  staff  with  a  sliding  time  window  of  about  2  months.  at  the  beginning  of  the  analysis  described  in  this  paper,  the  production  planning  was  managed  through  the  use  of  excelbased  spreadsheets,  with  different  layouts  and  protocols  depending  on  the  specific  department.  an  example  of  this  kind  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization spreadsheet  is  shown  in  ,  in  which  each  row  represents  a  production  line  in  the  department,  while  each  column  represents  a  working  day.  the  thermoplastic  hose  items  to  be  produced,  with  their  required  quantity  measured  in  meters,  are  placed  inside  the  excel  cells  whose  intersection  identifies  the  evasion  of  an  order  on  a  specific  working  day  and  on  a  specific  production  line.  in  order  to  improve  the  productivity  per  line,  each  single  production  line  is  able  to  produce  more  than  one  article  per  day.  .  production  planning  spreadsheet  example.  as  can  be  easily  understood,  this  manual  process  is  extremely  complicated
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  timeconsuming  for  the  psms,  because  it  requires  to  take  into  account  several  factors,  such  as  those  explained  in  the  following  sections,  and  is  not  exempt  from  possible  errors  during  data  insertion.  the  first  aspect  that  has  to  be  considered  in  activity  planning  is  related  to  the  items  namely,  the  articles  that  have  to  be  produced.  handling  this  task  requires  to  take  into  account  several  factors,  such  as:  i  the  number  of  orders  requested  by  the  customers;  ii  the  minimum  stock  quantity  of  goods  that  the  company  desires  to  maintain;  and  iii  the  workload  of  the  lines,  as  it  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization desirable  to  schedule  the  activities  without  any  production  interruption  and  guarantying  continuity.  the  company,  during  the  years  of  its  activity,  has  incrementally  acquired  different  machines  with  heterogeneous  characteristics,  in  terms  of  efficiency  and  work  velocity.  because  of  this,  the  same  article  may  require  a  different  production  time  depending  on  its  specific  production  line  and  the  corresponding  machines:  the  newer  ones  can  work  faster,  while  the  older  ones  may  require  more  time.  moreover,  each  article  has  a  suitable  optimal  production  speed.  considering  this  element,  the  psms  have  to  often  perform  a  research  in  the  historical  data,  to  find  the  last  production
__label__assetoperationsoptimization line  and  speed  at  which  the  specific  article  has  been  produced.  since  the  production  lines  are  always  managed  by  a  lo,  the  planning  activity  must  take  into  account  the  availability  of  the  workers  during  each  working  day.  the  information  related  to  the  holidays,  permissions,  diseases  and  absences  of  the  workers  are  stored  in  an  external  software  that  must  be  checked  during  the  planning  process,  each  time  the  planning  process  task  has  to  be  executed.  more  in  detail,  psms  should  know  the  total  number  of  available  hours,  for  each  working  day  and  factory  department.  in  this  way,  person  hours  can  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization allocated  on  production  lines  during  activity  planning.  as  stated  before,  the  company  can  rely  on  several  machines,  distributed  in  various  departments,  with  different  performance.  in  order  to  start  the  production,  each  machine  has  to  be  configured  and  loaded  with  a  specific  amount  of  raw  material  required  by  the  production  schedule.  this  activity,  here  denoted  as  start  delay  ,  can  require  from  0  to  150  min,  and  must  be  repeated  each  time  a  restart  of  the  machines  on  the  line  is  needed.  other  aspects  to  deal  with  are  the  setup  delays  ,  comprising  all  the  delays  introduced  when  raw  materials  should
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  substituted  with  other  ones.  as  an  example,  since  the  company  analyzed  here  can  produce  hoses  of  different  colors,  if  the  production  planning  switches  from  an  article  with  color  color  to  an  article  with  color  color  ,  the  lo  on  the  line  has  to  perform  the  following  actions:  i  empty  the  machine  from  thermoplastic  residues  of  color  color  ;  ii  clean  the  machine  to  remove  traces  of  color  ;  iii  load  the  machine  with  the  new  thermoplastic  material  with  color  ;  and  iv  setup  the  machine  to  start  the  production.  this  kind  of  operations  can  require  up  to  4  h,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization which  represents  a  detrimental  in  terms  of  wasted  time  eventuality,  corresponding  to  50  of  a  regular  work  shift.  if  the  psms  ignore  start  and  setup  delays  in  the  planning  activity,  the  production  rate  can  significantly  degrade.  therefore,  it  is  extremely  important  to  minimize  these  setup  times,  maintaining,  whenever  possible,  a  production  continuity  of  articles  characterized  by  similar  characteristics  such  as  colors  and  materials.  at  the  end  of  the  planning  process,  the  psms  have  filled  an  excel  file  for  a  predefined  time  slot  generally,  1  month.  in  order  to  share  the  planning  with  the  production  departments,  the  psms  have  to  manually
__label__assetoperationsoptimization insert  the  planned  orders,  one  by  one,  into  the  companys  erp  system.  moreover,  a  copy  of  the  week  planning  is  printed  on  paper  sheets  for  the  supervisors  of  each  production  department.  the  same  behavior  happens  when  the  production  planning  should  be  modified  because  of  delays  and/or  urgent  requests  coming  from  the  customers.  even  if  activities  in  the  partner  company  are  well  organized  and  coordinated,  the  production  management  operated  through  paper  sheets  introduces  several  delays  and  does  not  scale,  considering  the  gradually  growing  workload  for  the  production.  also  the  planning  phase  has  become  extremely  timeconsuming,  from  a  management  point  of  view,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  it  requires  to  take  into  account  a  large  number  of  details,  and  a  deep  knowledge  of  the  production  departments  characteristics.  due  to  these  reasons,  the  hq  management  has  decided  to  start  a  digitalization  process  with  the  aim  of  gradually  removing  inefficiencies  and  simplify  processes.  the  company  is  already  equipped  with  an  erp  system  that  needs  to  be  extended  and  integrated  in  order  to  manage  also  the  aspects  still  involving  the  use  of  paper.  in  the  following,  the  main  identified  issues  and  requirements  are  thus  summarized.  considering  the  manufacturing  process  monitoring  activity,  the  company  has  highlighted  several  issues,  among  which
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  difficulty  in  managing  updates  in  the  production  program  is  the  most  important  one.  in  fact,  if  an  order  requires  a  modification,  the  steps  to  be  followed  to  perform  this  change  are  the  following:  i  the  order  is  updated  in  the  company  erp  by  the  psm  and  a  new  mof  version  is  generated;  ii  the  new  copy  of  the  pof  is  printed;  and  iii  the  paper  sheet  is  given  to  the  lo  on  the  line  in  the  involved  department.  this  operation  can  take  even  an  hour  or  more,  if  the  involved  production  order  has  already  started.  another  important  weakness  identified
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  that  data  related  to  production  checks  and  monitoring  are  handwritten  and  stored  as  images,  so  that  it  is  impossible  to  exploit  them  in  post  production  analysis  or,  more  simply,  there  is  no  way  to  perform  searches  and  analyses  in  documents  with  automated  tools.  moreover,  data  handwriting  is  easily  prone  to  errors,  alterations,  and  checks  are  extremely  difficult  as  an  example,  if  a  lo  or  a  qi  make  an  error  in  writing  a  lot  code  number  or  a  thickness  measurement.  finally,  the  time  required  for  the  pofs  management  in  the  whole  company  is  very  long,  considering  all  the  steps,  namely
__label__assetoperationsoptimization print,  distribution,  form  filling,  and  data  collection  and  scanning.  in  fact,  in  the  partner  company  there  is  a  specific  employee  who  is  exclusively  dedicated  to  this  activity.  for  this  reason,  the  company  was  interested  in  starting  a  digitalization  process  with  the  aim  of  replacing  paper  sheets  with  a  crossplatform  and  smart  application,  to  be  used  by  all  the  actors  involved  in  the  production  monitoring  task,  through  the  use  of  mobile  devicesin  particular,  tabletswhich  represent  a  viable  and  efficient  solution  where  the  use  of  pcs  is  not  possible  e.g.,  next  to  factory  lines.  instead,  considering  the  production  planning  activity,  one  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  main  issues  highlighted  by  the  company  is  the  impossibility  to  calculate,  in  a  realistic  way,  the  time  required  for  the  production  of  an  article  on  a  specific  line.  this  is  due  to  the  fact  that  the  production  time  can  be  calculated  only  considering  all  the  aspects  already  highlighted  in  section  3.2:  this  requires  the  psms  to  retrieve  all  needed  data  asking  information  from  different  data  sources  and  software  including,  for  example:  the  company  erp  for  stock  levels;  the  external  software  to  determine  available  los;  the  historical  machine  data  on  lines  to  define  the  correct  production  velocity  to  use;  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization so  on.  this  approach  is  not  scalable,  as  it  makes  psms  waste  a  lot  of  time  and  requires  a  deep  knowledge  of  the  production  processes.  moreover,  also  in  this  case  there  is  a  clear  difficult  in  efficiently  coping  with  production  request  updates,  since  each  modification  in  the  production  planning  e.g.,  the  deferment  of  an  order  from  a  day  to  the  next  one  can  strongly  affect  the  timing,  on  the  same  line,  of  adjacent  orders,  because  new  start  or  setup  delays  may  be  generated.  for  this  reason,  the  company  was  looking  for  a  new  tool  able  to  manage  all  these  heterogeneous
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  sources,  thus  automatically  performing  the  calculations  needed  to  define  orders  duration  and  to  notify  the  psms  of  possible  delays.  the  industry  4.0  tool  developed  by  things2i  hides  the  complexity  of  planning  to  the  psms,  making  this  task  easily  manageable  also  to  employees  who  do  not  know  in  detail  all  the  details  associated  with  the  production  processes  and  machines.  in  ,  the  data  flow  going  from  the  planning  phase  to  the  effective  production,  before  the  digitalization  process,  is  summarized.  .  data  flow  in  the  analyzed  company.  the  main  goal  of  the  innovation  process  described  in  this  section,  adopted  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization production  monitoring,  is  to  replace  the  use  of  mofs,  made  by  paper  sheets,  with  a  smart  and  digital  application,  thus  allowing  to:  collect  data,  related  to  the  production,  in  a  fast  and  easy  way;  get  rid  of  costs  related  to  the  printscanning  process;  facilitate  the  work  of  qis  and  los  in  the  different  departments,  through  the  adoption  of  mobile  devices  e.g.,  tablets;  efficiently  manage  updates  and  changes  in  the  production  process,  as  well  as  face  off  with  rising  workload.  in  order  to  abide  by  these  requirements,  a  smart  webbased  application,  denoted  as  smartfactory  ,  has  been  designed  and  developed.  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smartfactory  application  is  crossplatform,  as  it  is  used  over  different  platforms  namely,  pcs  and  mobile  tablets,  and  is  designed  to  be  integrated  with  the  company  it  and  erp  systems.  the  first  phase  of  the  process  has  been  devoted  to  a  deep  analysis  of  the  mofs  layout  employed  in  the  different  departments  of  the  company,  in  order  to  characterize  both  nature  and  structure  of  the  data  to  be  collected,  and  to  design  a  coherent  database  infrastructure  able  to  efficiently  store  this  kind  of  data.  the  company  already  relies  on  an  erp  system,  in  which  the  orders  to  be  produced  are  saved:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  the  basis  of  these,  mofs  are  generated  and  printed  on  paper  sheets.  the  new  smartfactory  application  has  been  designed  to  interact  with  a  renovated  database  structure,  in  order  to  store  new  data  collected  by  users.  more  in  detail,  the  new  entities  involved  in  the  data  digitalization  process,  shown  in  ,  can  be  described  as  follows.  lines:  the  manufacturing  lines  active  in  the  factory  have  been  described  in  the  erp,  in  order  to  define  their  digital  equivalent  representation.  operators  allocation:  even  if  the  list  of  los  is  already  existing  in  the  companys  erp  system,  the  smartfactory  application  needs  to  know
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  authorization  information  related  to  which  departments  can  be  accessed  by  each  lo.  manufacturing  orders  layout:  each  mo  belongs  to  a  specific  department  and  is  assigned  to  a  specific  line.  this  uniquely  identifies  the  structure  of  the  pof  and,  because  of  this,  the  possible  sections  composing  pofs  have  been  outlined  in  the  erp  in  order  to  allow  the  smartfactory  application  to  work.  quality  checks  inputs:  the  structure  of  the  data  inserted  by  qis  during  their  quality  checks.  material  list  inputs:  contain  a  set  of  information  inserted  by  los,  in  order  to  trace  the  usage  of  raw  materials  during  the  production.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization work  progress  inputs:  data  submitted  by  los  and  concerning  the  work  progression  of  each  production  order.  lo  quality  checks  inputs:  set  of  information  related  to  los  annotations,  which  in  turn  perform  quality  checks  themselves  during  the  production  progress.  los  specific  inputs:  reflect  the  information  that  los  are  required  to  insert  into  the  mofs,  such  as  the  state  of  the  order  progression,  as  well  as  other  information  more  specific  for  the  specific  order.  notes:  additional  annotations  that  can  be  added  to  the  order  by  the  authorized  factory  users  los,  qis,  and  psms.  .  entities  involved  in  the  first  phase  digitalization  process.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  smartfactory  application  has  been  designed  following  the  requirements  of  the  partner  company,  targeting  the  use  of  android  platforms  and  smart  devices  with  a  limited  screen  size  in  particular,  tablets.  the  first  encountered  problem,  during  both  analysis  of  the  requirements  and  deployment,  is  the  login  process,  required  to  authenticate  and  authorize  users  on  the  access  to  the  application  and  on  their  different  internal  functions.  in  fact,  the  smartfactory  application  has  been  provided  with  two  different  login  ways.  the  first  login  mode  is  reserved  to  the  psms,  who  access  to  the  application  from  their  office  pcs  and  desire  to  access  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  smartfactory  application  through  the  same  credentials  they  already  use  to  access  the  companys  network  resources.  the  authentication,  authorization,  and  accounting  aaa  policies  are  already  managed,  in  the  company,  through  the  use  of  the  windows  active  directory  ad  paradigm.  owing  to  this  approach,  the  smartfactorys  login  module  has  to  interact  with  the  companys  ad,  sending  the  submitted  user  credentials  to  the  ad  module,  in  order  to  check  if  the  joining  user  is  authorized  or  not  to  access  to  the  companys  resources.  the  second  login  mode  is  specifically  designed  for  los,  who  do  not  have  centralized  credentials  in  the  companys  ad
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and,  accessing  to  smartfactory  in  mobility  through  the  use  of  tablets,  can  be  authorized  only  using  their  personal  near  field  communication  nfc  badges,  which  are  already  employed  in  the  company  to  access  to  the  buildings.  due  to  this  constraint,  the  login  module  of  smartfactory  needs  to  include  an  nfcbased  service,  enabled  only  for  mobile  devices.  by  relying  on  the  list  of  enabled  nfc  badges,  in  an  as400based  companys  erp,  when  a  lo  starts  the  smartfactory  application  and  puts  his/her  nfc  badge  near  the  tablet,  smartfactory  retrieves  the  los  user  id  uid  encoded  into  the  nfc  card,  forwards  it  to  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization web  service  ws  that,  in  turn,  verifies  if  the  uid  is  present  in  the  erp  and,  eventually,  authorizes  the  user  to  log  in  the  smartfactory  application.  after  the  login  phase,  smartfactory  redirects  the  user  to  a  separate  home  page,  customized  depending  on  his/her  role.  more  in  detail,  the  application  is  structured  in  different  modules  and  each  role  defines  the  associated  data  visibility  to  the  users;  then,  inside  each  specific  module,  each  user  is  allowed  to  perform  different  operations  namely,  readonly  ro,  and  readwrite  rw.  in  the  following,  each  module  of  the  smartfactory  application  is  detailed.  summarizes  the  modules  activated  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization each  role.  .  summary  of  smartfactory  app  modules  activation.  the  manufacturing  orders  management  module  momm  allows  users  to  view  and  manage  data  related  to  mos  and,  in  detail,  represents  the  digital  translation  of  paperbased  mofs.  after  the  data  retrieval  on  the  order  from  the  preexistent  erp,  momm  builds  the  complete  form  view  joining  all  sections  needed  for  the  orders  of  the  current  department.  unlike  forms  printed  on  paper,  in  the  smartfactory  application  the  view  of  a  single  manufacturing  order  is  personalized  for  the  current  user,  enabling  the  interaction  only  on  sections  of  his/her  strict  competence.  in  fact,  los  are  allowed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  view,  as  editable,  only  i  the  material  list  section,  ii  the  progress  log  section,  and  iii  a  customized  quality  check  section.  moreover,  in  the  application,  los  view  only  the  active  orders  in  the  departments  where  they  are  enabled  to  work.  once  completed,  mos  become  hidden  to  los  on  the  lines.  instead,  qis  are  allowed  to  view,  as  editable,  only  the  quality  check  sections,  which  can  vary  depending  on  the  department.  finally,  being  psms  views  considered  like  supervisor  views,  they  can  interact  with  all  sections  of  the  mofs  in  a  rw  way,  for  both  active  and  completed  orders.  it  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization important  to  underline  that  sections  which  are  not  editable  for  some  of  the  available  roles  are  not  hidden,  but  are  shown  in  ro  mode.  in  this  way,  all  actors  related  to  the  production  are  always  informed  about  the  inserted  inputs.  in  ,  we  show  an  example  of  a  mof  in  the  smartfactory  application  and  how  the  momm  changes  the  visualization  for  each  of  the  three  different  user  roles.  .  detail  page  of  an  order  for  different  roles,  respectively  los  view,  qis  view  and,  psms  view.  the  view  appearance  has  been  designed,  in  collaboration  with  the  partner  company,  in  order  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization highlight  problems  and  reduce  errors.  in  fact,  if  the  values  inserted  by  los  or  qis  are  not  compliant  with  the  article  standards  i.e.,  the  thickness  of  the  hose  is  smaller  or  larger  than  the  required  one  the  data  are  highlighted  in  red,  in  order  to  alert  the  user.  an  essential  feature,  required  in  the  digitalization  process  started  by  companies,  is  the  possibility  to  find  data  of  interest  in  a  simple  way.  for  this  reason,  smartfactory  includes  a  manufacturing  orders  research  module  morm,  useful  for  both  qis  and  psms  to  find,  in  real  time,  data  related  to  orders  in  production  and,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization at  the  same  time,  to  perform  searches  on  historical  data.  more  in  detail,  this  module  provides,  to  the  users,  a  set  of  input  parameters  useful  to  filter  orders  and  view  inputs  submitted  during  the  production.  another  functionality  allows  to  find  all  mos  in  which  a  raw  material  lot  has  been  employed.  another  important  aspect  to  take  into  account  during  the  design  of  erpconnected  applications  is  to  guarantee  an  acceptable  degree  of  customization  to  the  users.  for  this  reason,  the  customization  module  cm  has  been  included  in  smartfactory,  in  order  to  allow  the  users,  in  particular  the  psms,  to  customize  some
__label__assetoperationsoptimization aspects  of  the  orders  view.  as  an  example,  psms  require  to  customize  the  colors  of  some  portions  of  text  in  the  mof  description  defined  in  section  3.1,  in  order  to  highlight  some  important  production  steps.  as  the  color  rules  can  be  changed  frequently,  psms  can  manage  them  autonomously  through  the  cm  in  the  smartfactory  interface.  finally,  the  supervision  module  sm  allows  the  psms  to  verify  the  presence  of  problems  related  to  the  production  orders.  this  module  manages  a  specific  page  in  smartfactory,  where  the  orders  requiring  a  supervision  from  the  psms  are  shown.  the  data  to  be  checked,  in  order
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  identify  this  kind  of  problems,  has  been  defined  in  conjunction  with  the  partner  company.  the  overall  architecture  of  the  smartfactory  application,  with  reference  to  the  modules  and  their  interactions  previously  presented,  is  shown  in  .  .  smartfactory  application  overview.  the  smartfactory  application  is  a  single  tenant  web  application  written  in  php,  html5,  and  javascript  languages.  the  structure  of  the  source  code  is  organized  in  order  to  follow  the  modelviewcontroller  mvc  pattern,  a  software  development  approach  aiming  at  separating  the  application  logic  from  visual  presentation  and  data  interaction.  more  in  detail,  the  main  entities  composing  the  smartfactory  tool  are  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization following.  models:  used  to  represent  data  structures  and  interact  with  the  databases.  they  typically  contain  several  methods  needed  to  retrieve,  insert,  and  update  data  inside  the  database  tables.  views:  used  to  present  contents  to  the  application  user.  they  typically  contain  different  weboriented  fragments  code  in  particular,  exploiting  html,  javascript,  and  css  languages  that  combine  to  compose  the  complete  user  interface  ui  of  the  application.  controllers:  used  to  implement  the  logic  of  the  application.  they  act  as  intermediary  entities  between  the  models,  the  views,  and  any  other  resource  needed  to  process  the  http  request  and  generate  a  web  page.  in  order
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  guarantee  a  certain  degree  of  interoperability,  the  new  database  has  been  included  in  the  partner  companys  as400  installation,  and  accessed  through  phpbased  open  database  connectivity  odbc  drivers.  the  smartfactory  application  has  been  developed  and  gradually  introduced  in  the  partner  company  after  a  first  phase  of  test  and  setup.  after  a  first  period  of  utilization,  lasted  a  year,  a  report  of  gained  benefits,  advantages,  and  possible  enhancements  can  be  drawn.  a  first  and  more  tangible  effect  is  related  to  time  saving,  due  to  the  fact  that  forms  are  no  longer  printed  on  paper  sheets  and  nor  manually  scanned.  even  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization way  to  insert  data  from  different  actors  has  been  simplified,  since  smartfactory  allows  a  simultaneous  access  to  mofs,  allowing  qis,  los,  and  psms  to  input  and  view  data  on  the  same  production  order  without  interfering  with  each  other  while  before  the  digitalization  process,  the  mofs  paper  sheet  had  to  be  shared,  and  psms  cannot  view  the  inserted  data  without  going  directly  to  the  production  lines,  or  having  to  wait  the  order  completion.  another  important  aspect  to  be  considered  is  the  quantity  of  structured  data  gained  with  the  adopted  digitalization  revolution,  that  are  continuously  collected  and  can  be  employed  to  realtime
__label__assetoperationsoptimization monitor  the  status  of  the  production,  but  also  constitute  a  basis  for  further  analysis  and  statistics.  we  also  asked  the  partner  company  to  identify  and  quantify  the  positive  aspects  related  to  the  introduction  of  smartfactory.  the  results  of  these  interviews  can  be  detailed  as  follows:  visible  data  in  the  smartfactory  application  are  always  uptodate;  reduced  paper  consumption:  avoiding  printing  50,000  pages  per  year  and  scanning  50,000  filled  pages,  saving  about  220  working  hours  per  year  and  a  nonnegligible  amount  of  storing  errors;  digital  logs  of  the  processing  activities;  digital  traceability  of  the  production  history;  errors  and  nonconformity  reduction,  quantified  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  saving  range  between  10,000  and  20,000  per  year;  improvement  of  the  knowhow  of  the  company  related  to  digitalization  aspects.  from  a  design  point  of  view,  the  modular  architecture  characterizing  smartfactory  makes  the  application  itself  easily  extensible.  in  fact,  new  features  can  be  integrated  into  the  existent  modules  and  new  modules  can  be  integrated  exnovo  ,  in  the  case  new  roles  or  users  appear  in  the  manufacturing  process.  in  ,  the  quantity  of  inputs  collected  through  the  smartfactory  application  during  a  one  year  period  namely,  from  november  1,  2017  to  october  31,  2018  are  summarized.  .  summary  of  the  digitalized
__label__assetoperationsoptimization entries  collected  during  the  first  year  after  the  smartfactory  application  introduction.  after  the  conclusion  of  the  first  phase  concerning  the  digitalization  of  the  production  monitoring  activity,  the  innovation  process  has  continued  to  analyze  and  include  the  production  planning  department  of  the  partner  company.  the  main  goal  of  this  second  phase  of  the  digitalization  work  is  the  replacement  of  the  spreadsheetbased  method,  introducing  a  new  planning  tool,  specifically  designed  for  the  company  characteristics,  and  thus  allowing  to:  merge  and  display,  in  the  same  window,  all  the  information  needed  to  the  psms  for  their  planning  activity;  speed  up  the  production  planning  process;
__label__assetoperationsoptimization hide  the  complexity  behind  the  intersections  among  all  the  documents  that  have  to  be  filled,  the  planning  allocation  calculations,  and  to  reduce  the  effort  required  to  the  psms  during  their  daily  activity;  enable  the  integration  with  the  subsequent  modules  of  the  companys  erp  system  namely,  the  production  and  the  smartfactory  application.  to  fit  these  requirements,  a  smart  and  webbased  planning  tool,  denoted  as  smartplanner  ,  has  been  designed  and  developed.  the  smartplanner  application  is  intended  to  be  used  only  by  psms  through  a  pc,  and  should  be  integrated  with  the  company  it  and  erp  systems.  the  planning  activity  is  currently
__label__assetoperationsoptimization assigned  to  highly  qualified  staff,  with  a  deep  knowledge  of  all  mechanisms  regulating  the  whole  workflow  in  the  company,  from  provision  office  to  sales  department.  because  of  this,  a  first  step  toward  a  complete  analysis  of  the  planning  procedures  followed  by  psms  has  been  an  unavoidable  requirement.  this  work  has  been  aimed  at  gaining  a  comprehensive  point  of  view  concerning  the  psms  way  of  thinking  and  their  priorities,  thus  highlighting  the  differences  between  the  different  departments  in  the  companies,  and  the  variables  that  psms  desire  to  maximize.  after  that,  another  erp  extension  has  been  designed,  in  order  to  store  all
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  related  to  the  planning  activity,  which  are  not  already  registered  in  the  companys  erp  system.  more  in  detail,  the  new  entities  involved  are  the  following.  setup  delays:  the  description  of  possible  delays  that  should  be  considered  during  the  planning  activity.  lines:  the  description  of  available  production  lines  corresponding  to  production  machineries  and  their  associated  delays.  planned  mos:  the  events  list  representing  a  planned  order,  namely  the  production  of  a  specific  quantity  of  an  item  assigned  to  a  production  line  in  a  specific  working  day.  shift  planning:  the  number  of  hours  allocated,  for  each  working  day,  on  each  production  line.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  fact,  psms  define  how  long  the  production  shifts  have  to  be:  generally,  each  shift  can  assume  a  value  among  8,  16,  or  24  h.  in  ,  the  digitalized  entities  for  the  smartplanner  application  are  summarized.  .  digitalized  data  entities  from  the  smartplanner  application.  the  development  of  the  smartplanner  application  is  currently  in  progress,  in  order  to  reach  all  the  features  required  by  the  partner  company.  as  already  stated,  the  application  is  targeted  only  for  psms;  thus,  for  the  login  phase,  it  has  been  reused  the  microsoft  ad  connector  proper  of  the  smartfactorys  login  module.  moreover,  users  psms  access  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization application  through  their  pcs,  so  that  a  singlepage  web  application  paradigm  has  been  followed.  moreover,  the  design  phase  has  highlighted  as  indispensable  the  module  described  in  the  following.  the  scheduling  suggestions  module  ssm  is  responsible  for  accessing  the  erp  system,  in  order  to  retrieve  and  show,  to  the  psms,  a  list  of  articles  to  be  produced.  this  list,  updated  by  the  company  erp  system  every  night,  is  not  complete,  as  it  does  not  take  into  account  the  psms  priorities;  nevertheless,  it  represents  a  starting  point  onto  which  work.  this  module  also  provides  the  user  the  possibility  to  plan  in  production
__label__assetoperationsoptimization an  item  not  already  present  in  the  suggestions  list  and  also  to  plan  special  events,  such  as  expected/unexpected  production  stops  i.e.,  for  machine  maintenance  or  faults.  the  shifts  manager  module  smm  aims  at  managing  all  information  related  to  los  shifts.  smm  contains  two  main  components:  i  the  people  connector  ,  which  retrieves  the  hours  available  in  the  department  of  interest,  in  a  specific  range  of  days,  requesting  data  to  an  external  ws  adopted  by  the  partner  company  to  manage  all  employee  presences;  and  ii  the  shift  customizer  ,  which  allows  psms  to  modify  the  amount  of  hours  available  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization department.  this  is  needed  as  psms  may  decide  to  move  los  from  a  department  to  another  one,  to  deal  with  high  workload  or  unexpected  events  not  yet  saved  in  the  people  connector  component.  the  planning  events  module  pem  is  the  core  module  of  the  smartplanner  application,  being  responsible  to  manage  the  graphical  user  interface  gui,  made  as  a  weeklyorganized  calendar,  and  the  interactions  with  psms.  as  shown  in  ,  the  gui  allows  psms  to  draganddrop  manufacturing  orders  on  the  calendarbased  view  in  which,  in  a  representation  similar  to  that  of  a  spreadsheet  structure,  columns  show  the  working  days,  while  rows
__label__assetoperationsoptimization represent  the  production  lines  in  the  department  subject  to  the  planning  activity.  thus,  mos  are  here  considered  as  events  on  a  calendar  which  contains  also  other  types  of  information,  such  as  shifts,  employed  hours,  maintenance  events  and  so  on.  the  pem  is  also  responsible  for  calculating  the  effective  duration  of  a  mo  event  once  it  is  placed  on  a  specific  cell  corresponding  to  the  intersection  of  a  specific  working  day  and  a  specific  production  line.  this  calculation  is  performed  considering:  i  the  requested  length  of  the  hose;  ii  the  production  lines  velocity,  retrieved  analyzing  historical  data  from  the  erp;  iii
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  shift  duration  planned  for  the  specific  day;  and  iv  configurations  and  setup  delays.  .  the  smartplanner  ui  example.  finally,  the  production  manager  module  pmm  is  responsible  to  store  data  inserted  by  psms  and  managing  the  interaction  with  the  company  erp  system,  in  order  to  move  planned  events  to  the  production  system,  making  digital  mos  visible  also  in  the  smartfactory  application.  in  ,  the  described  modules  and  their  interactions  are  shown.  we  remark  that  the  adopted  the  same  technologies  are  the  same  of  those  described  in  section  4.3  for  the  development  of  the  smartplanner  application.  as  already  stated,  the  smartplanner
__label__assetoperationsoptimization application  is  currently  under  development,  and  the  following  advantages  are  expected  after  its  introduction.  one  of  the  most  important  advantage  is  the  saved  time,  concerning  different  aspects:  the  first  relates  to  the  reduction  of  the  number  of  hours  directly  spent  by  psms  for  the  mos  scheduling  activity,  but  it  is  important  to  consider  also  the  reduction  of  time  needed  to  train  a  new  person  dedicated  to  activity  planning.  in  fact,  the  smartplanner  application,  hiding  all  aspects  related  to  mos  duration  calculations  and  providing  the  user  all  required  information  in  single  view,  strongly  simplifies  the  work  of  psms,  making  possible  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  company  to  assign  this  activity  also  to  other  people,  with  a  minimized  learning  phase.  finally,  the  complete  digitalization  and  automation  of  the  planning  process  has  allowed  to  make  the  complete  company  plan  available  to  all  interested  users.  as  an  additional  point  of  discussion  and  evaluation,  we  asked  the  partner  company  to  identify  and  quantify  their  current  costs  related  to  the  planning  activity  in  term  of  time  spent  for  this  activity,  involving  all  the  different  tasks  that  the  planning  office  has  to  perform  daily,  and  the  consequent  benefits  expected  after  the  complete  integration  of  the  smartplanner  tool.  the  benefits  highlighted
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  these  interviews  are  the  following.  currently,  the  handmade  planning  activity  requires  about  10  h  per  day.  owing  to  the  introduction  of  the  smartplanner  tool,  the  partner  company  estimates  a  reduction  on  the  order  of  20  of  the  hours  employed  in  the  planning  activity  about  500  h  per  year.  this  reduction  is  mainly  due  to  the  fact  that  the  smartplanner  tool  can  automatically  send  mos  from  the  planner  directly  to  the  production  department.  thus,  pms  will  no  longer  be  required  to  manually  add  mos  to  the  erp  system,  thus  leading  to  an  error  reduction  in  the  data  entry  activity.  moreover,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  partner  company  expects  to  employ  the  saved  time  in  different  activities  with  an  higher  value  e.g.,  improving  the  customer  care  support  through  a  more  timely  assistance  in  case  of  errors  and  doubts.  finally,  the  partner  company  expects  a  certain  improvement  in  the  inhouse  knowhow  related  to  digitalization  aspects.  the  research  efforts,  in  the  last  years,  focusing  on  iot  have  recently  allowed  the  introduction  of  these  technologies  and  paradigms  also  in  several  industrial  application  scenarios,  leading  to  the  concept  of  industrial  iot  iiot,  which  is  strongly  affecting  both  industry  management  and  business  processes.  the  digitalization  and  innovation  process  started  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  partner  company  and  described  in  the  previous  sections,  constitutes  a  strong  basis  for  new  innovations,  such  as  the  introduction  of  iot  technologies,  in  order  to  reach  a  finer  production  monitoring,  thus  enhancing  both  productivity  and  quality  of  manufacturing  technologies,  and  the  introduction  of  distributed  ledgerbased  technologies  in  order  to  provide  a  scalable  traceability  of  activities  and  products.  the  work  of  presents  the  development  of  iot  in  industries,  providing  the  current  iot  key  enabling  technologies,  research  trends  and  challenges.  the  first  fundamental  technology  identified  for  iiot  is  the  rfid  technology,  which  allows  microchips  to  transmit  the  identification  information  to  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reader  through  wireless  communication.  rfid  readers  and  tags  are  thus  largely  employed  in  the  manufacturing  to  identify,  track,  and  monitor  any  objects.  another  important  technology  is  the  wireless  sensor  networks  wsns,  which  mainly  use  interconnected  intelligent  sensors  to  sense  and  monitoring  in  the  industrial  environment.  moreover,  many  other  heterogeneous  technologies  and  devices  have  been  included,  spanning  from  barcodes  and  smartphones,  till  social  networks,  and  cloud  computing,  as  introduced  by  ,  .  instead,  focus  their  work  on  the  sustainability  perspective,  proposing  an  approach  for  energy  management  in  smart  factories  based  on  iot  technologies,  following  different  steps.  with  regards  to  the  application
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  distributed  ledgeroriented  technologies  in  industrial  scenarios,  it  can  be  interesting  to  analyze  the  use  of  the  blockchain  concept  since,  as  introduced  by  ,  it  allows  to  store  and  share  relevant  data,  captured  from  several  iotoriented  industrial  machinery,  on  a  decentralized  and  distributed  ledger,  which  the  business  networks  actors  can  access  to.  in  iiot,  the  blockchain  can  be  useful  for  both  the  companies  and  their  customers.  in  the  case  of  companies  ,  each  component  of  a  final  product  can  be  traced  from  its  purchase  to  the  inclusion  in  the  final  product  itself,  thus  providing  a  complete  traceability,  and  allowing  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization more  easier  warehouse  inventory.  in  the  case  of  customers  ,  the  blockchain  allows  them  to  know  the  status  of  purchased  goods  and,  in  case  of  problems,  it  is  easier  to  alert  the  company  of  possible  lots  of  failed  pieces.  another  benefit  brought  by  the  introduction  of  a  blockchainoriented  approach  is  the  prevention  and  prediction  of  failures  for  manufacturing  plant  equipment,  leading  to  the  predictive  maintenance  concept.  more  in  detail,  as  highlighted  in  the  work  of  ,  sensors  would  detect  conditions  which  might  lead  to  operator  injury  or  failures;  then,  the  application  of  thresholdbased  decisions  would  be  used  to  detect  trends
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  facilitate  proactive  maintenance,  acting  before  the  failure  occurs  being  able  to  create  a  digital  twin  emulating  the  real  production  lines  operations.  the  application  of  business  intelligence  bioriented  analytics  would  increase  reliability,  optimize  maintenance,  and  allow  operational  personnel  to  gain  more  accurate  insights  into  asset  performance.  hence,  these  events  can  be  recorded  inside  the  blocks  of  the  chain  and  ease  rapid  and  precise  inspections  and  certifications  by  external  regulatory  entities,  having  that  these  storage  operations  have  to  be  tamperproof,  thus  not  requiring  realtime  execution  constraints  as  known,  interactions  with  the  blockchain  require  time  to  be  confirmed  either  in  permissioned  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization permissionless  blockchains.  the  proposed  work  describes  the  process  of  renovation  followed  by  a  real  manufacturing  company  and  guided  by  the  university  of  parmas  spinoff  things2i  s.r.l.  this  process,  started  two  years  ago  and  currently  ongoing,  has  focused  on  two  main  aspects  of  the  company  management.  the  first  phase  of  the  work  is  related  to  the  digitalization  and  renovation  of  the  monitoring  process  proper  of  production  lines,  through  the  introduction  of  smartfactory  ,  a  smart  webbased  application,  which  is  now  deployed  in  the  company  and  accessed  by  different  roles  related  to  production,  namely  los,  qis,  and  psms.  smartfactory  overcomes  the  use
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  paper  sheets,  initially  used  in  the  company  to  perform  the  same  activity.  the  second  phase  of  the  process,  which  is  currently  ongoing,  is  targeted  only  to  psms  in  the  company,  and  is  related  to  the  production  lines  scheduling.  the  result  of  this  work,  denoted  as  smartplanner  ,  is  a  webbased  tool  which  help  to  organize  the  production,  hiding  complex  calculations  needed  to  estimate  the  duration  of  production  orders.  the  changes  introduced  in  the  partner  company  have  led  to  significant  advantages  and  improvements,  in  terms  of:  i  significant  reduction  of  cost,  considering  the  amount  of  time  and  used  materials  saved;
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ii  better  and  finer  quality  control  of  the  products;  iii  possibility  of  realtime  detection  and  reaction  to  supply  chain  issues  and  production  errors;  iv  significant  reduction  of  time  spent  in  planning  activity;  and  v  optimized  resources  employment,  thanks  to  the  minimization  of  unproductive  setup  times  of  production  lines.  the  advantages  brought  by  smartfactory  and  smartplanner  justify  both  efforts  and  investments  made  by  the  partner  company,  allowing  a  very  fast  return  of  investments.  the  provided  real  application  shows  how  the  transition  from  a  usual  business  process  management  concept  to  the  upcoming  industry  4.0  is  feasible,  following  consecutive  and  incremental  steps.  lb,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ld,  and  gf  have  made  substantial  contributions  to  the  following:  drafting  the  article  and  revising  it  critically,  and  final  approval  of  the  version  to  be  submitted.  am  and  pm  revise  and  approve  the  final  version  of  the  manuscript  to  be  submitted.  each  of  the  authors  has  read  and  concurs  with  the  content  in  the  manuscript.  the  manuscript  and  the  material  within  have  not  been  and  will  not  be  submitted  for  publication  elsewhere.  the  work  of  ld  was  also  partially  funded  by  the  university  of  parma,  under  iniziative  di  sostegno  alla  ricerca  di  ateneo  program,  multiinterface  iot  systems  for  multilayer  information
__label__assetoperationsoptimization processing  miotymip  project.  the  authors  declare  that  the  research  was  conducted  in  the  absence  of  any  commercial  or  financial  relationships  that  could  be  construed  as  a  potential  conflict  of  interest.  all  the  staff  of  things2i  s.r.l.  would  like  to  thank  transfer  oil  s.p.a.,  and  in  particular  massimo  conti,  moris  bandini,  barbara  badini,  marco  palermo,  luca  gambardella,  marco  brunelli,  corrado  chezzi,  and  fabio  rametta,  for  their  support  in  the  definition  and  development  of  the  industry  4.0  approach  explained  in  this  work.  alaba,  f.  a.,  othman,  m.,  hashem,  i.  a.  t.,  and  alotaibi,  f.  2017.  internet  of  things  security:  a  survey.  j.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization netw.  comput.  appl.  88,  1028.  doi:  10.1016/j.jnca.2017.04.002  belli,  l.,  cirani,  s.,  davoli,  l.,  ferrari,  g.,  melegari,  l.,  montn,  m.,  et  al.  2015.  a  scalable  big  stream  cloud  architecture  for  the  internet  of  things.  int.  j.  syst.  ser.  orient.  eng.  5,  2653.  doi:  10.4018/ijssoe.2015100102  belli,  l.,  cirani,  s.,  davoli,  l.,  ferrari,  g.,  melegari,  l.,  and  picone,  m.  2016.  applying  security  to  a  big  stream  cloud  architecture  for  the  internet  of  things.  int.  j.  distribut.  syst.  techn.  7,  3758.  doi:  10.4018/ijdst.2016010103  borangiu,  t.,  trentesaux,  d.,  thomas,  a.,  leito,  p.,  and  barata,  j.  2019.  digital  transformation  of  manufacturing  through  cloud  services  and  resource
__label__assetoperationsoptimization virtualization.  comput.  indust.  108,  150162.  doi:  10.1016/j.compind.2019.01.006  civerchia,  f.,  bocchino,  s.,  salvadori,  c.,  rossi,  e.,  maggiani,  l.,  and  petracca,  m.  2017.  industrial  internet  of  things  monitoring  solution  for  advanced  predictive  maintenance  applications.  j.  indust.  inform.  integrat.  7,  412.  doi:  10.1016/j.jii.2017.02.003  davenport,  t.  h.  1998.  putting  the  enterprise  into  the  enterprise  system.  harvard  bus.  rev.  76,  121131.  eindor,  p.,  and  segev,  e.  1978.  organizational  context  and  the  success  of  management  information  systems.  manage.  sci.  24,  10641077.  gremillion,  l.  l.  1984.  organization  size  and  information  system  use:  an  empirical  study.  j.  manage.  inform.  syst.  1,  417.  harris,  s.  e.,  and  katz,  j.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization l.  1991.  firm  size  and  the  information  technology  investment  intensity  of  life  insurers.  mis  quart.  15,  333352.  huberty,  m.  2015.  awaiting  the  second  big  data  revolution:  from  digital  noise  to  value  creation.  j.  indust.  compet.  trade  15,  3547.  doi:  10.1007/s1084201401904  iivari,  m.,  ahokangas,  p.,  komi,  m.,  tihinen,  m.,  and  valtanen,  k.  2016.  toward  ecosystemic  business  models  in  the  context  of  industrial  internet.  j.  busin.  models  4,  4259.  doi:  10.5278/ojs.jbm.v4i2.1624  mabert,  v.  a.,  soni,  a.,  and  venkataramanan,  m.  2001.  enterprise  resource  planning:  common  myths  versus  evolving  reality.  busin.  horiz.  44,  6976.  doi:  10.1016/s0007681301800379  mabert,  v.  a.,  soni,  a.,  and  venkataramanan,  m.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 2003.  the  impact  of  organization  size  on  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  implementations  in  the  us  manufacturing  sector.  omega  31,  235246.  doi:  10.1016/s0305048303000227  miller,  d.  2018.  blockchain  and  the  internet  of  things  in  the  industrial  sector.  it  profess.  20,  1518.  doi:  10.1109/mitp.2018.032501742  parviainen,  p.,  tihinen,  m.,  kriinen,  j.,  and  teppola,  s.  2017.  tackling  the  digitalisation  challenge:  how  to  benefit  from  digitalisation  in  practice.  int.  j.  inform.  syst.  project  manage.  5,  6377.  doi:  10.12821/ijispm050104  quinton,  s.,  and  simkin,  l.  2016.  the  digital  journey:  reflected  learnings  and  emerging  challenges.  int.  j.  manage.  rev.  19,  455472.  doi:  10.1111/ijmr.12104  raymond,  l.  1990.  organizational  context  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization information  systems  success:  a  contingency  approach.  j.  manage.  inform.  syst.  6,  520.  shrouf,  f.,  ordieres,  j.,  and  miragliotta,  g.  2014.  smart  factories  in  industry  4.0:  a  review  of  the  concept  and  of  energy  management  approached  in  production  based  on  the  internet  of  things  paradigm,  in  2014  ieee  international  conference  on  industrial  engineering  and  engineering  management  ieem  bandar  sunway:  ieee,  697701.  swanson,  e.  b.  1994.  information  systems  innovation  among  organizations.  manage.  sci.  40,  10691092.  teslya,  n.,  and  ryabchikov,  i.  2017.  blockchainbased  platform  architecture  for  industrial  iot,  in  2017  21st  conference  of  open  innovations  association  fruct  helsinki,  321329.  ustundag,  a.,  and  cevikcan,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization e.  2018.  industry  4.0:  managing  the  digital  transformation  .  cham:  springer.  wank,  a.,  adolph,  s.,  anokhin,  o.,  arndt,  a.,  anderl,  r.,  and  metternich,  j.  2016.  using  a  learning  factory  approach  to  transfer  industrie  4.0  approaches  to  small  and  mediumsized  enterprises.  procedia  cirp  54,  8994.  doi:  10.1016/j.procir.2016.05.068  yap,  c.  s.  1990.  distinguishing  characteristics  of  organizations  using  computers.  inform.  manage.  18,  97107.  zimmermann,  a.,  schmidt,  r.,  jugel,  d.,  and  mhring,  m.  2016.  adaptive  enterprise  architecture  for  digital  transformation,  in  advances  in  serviceoriented  and  cloud  computing  ,  eds  a.  celesti  and  p.  leitner  taormina:  springer  international  publishing,  308319.  internet  of  things,  industry  4.0,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization business  process,  smartfactory,  smartplanner,  digitalization  belli  l,  davoli  l,  medioli  a,  marchini  pl  and  ferrari  g  2019  toward  industry  4.0  with  iot:  optimizing  business  processes  in  an  evolving  manufacturing  factory.  front.  ict  6:17.  doi:  10.3389/fict.2019.00017  01  february  2019;  13  august  2019;  28  august  2019.  edited  by:  reviewed  by:  2019  belli,  davoli,  medioli,  marchini  and  ferrari.  this  is  an  openaccess  article  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  .  the  use,  distribution  or  reproduction  in  other  forums  is  permitted,  provided  the  original  authors  and  the  copyright  owners  are  credited  and  that  the  original  publication  in  this  journal  is  cited,  in  accordance  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization organizations  do  not  need  to  think  about  the  internet  of  things  they  need  to  think  about  how  they  want  to  transform  their  business  and  which  transformational  path  will  reap  the  largest  benet.  path  no.  1  is  optimization  of  existing  business  processes.  path  2  is  a  complete  change  in  business  process.  each  path  will  require  efforts  in  reengineering  the  people,  processes  and  technologies  that  are  applied  to  deliver  care.  there  is  an  old  saying,  when  you  dont  know  where  you  are  going,  any  road  will  get  you  there.  at  cdw,  we  have  a  methodology  for  the  development  of  a  longterm  strategy
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  digital  transformation  that  creates  a  roadmap  based  on  the  individual  needs  of  the  organization.  1.  start  by  bringing  all  stakeholders  to  the  table  clinical,  administrative  and  it  to  identify  business  challenges  such  as  hcaphs  scores,  30day  readmission,  operating  costs  or  reducing  clinician  stress,  and  assign  dollar  values  to  each  of  these  challenges.  2.  take  these  challenges  and  determine  what  a  solution  would  look  like  in  general  terms  for  example,  a  30day  readmission  solution,  or  the  ability  to  recognize  a  negative  trend  in  patients  health  and  intervene  before  he  or  she  shows  up  at  the  emergency  department,  and  what  measurements
__label__assetoperationsoptimization will  be  used  for  success.  3.  evaluate  existing  capabilities  and  infrastructure  as  well  as  determine  what  additional  technologies  are  needed.  create  a  process  map  of  dataows  and  workows  that  will  support  the  desired  outcome.  4.  roll  out  a  pilot  program.  measure  and  adjust  until  it  delivers  consistent  results,  and  then  move  to  production.  5.  repeat  this  process  for  all  identied  challenges  and  updated  challenges.  cdw  has  seen  tremendous  growth  in  technologies  in  the  areas  of  wearables,  mhealth/telemedicine  and  smart  rooms  all  engineered  to  address  the  need  to  provide  care  outside  the  institutional  walls  and  to  improve  the  care  and  safety
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  patients  and  seniors.  wearables  will  soon  have  a  broad  range  of  form  factors  e.g.,  on  your  wrist,  shoe  or  clothing  that  will  have  the  ability  to  measure  and  send  to  the  cloud  important  physiological  data  points  for  evaluation  by  a  decision  support  technology,  which,  depending  on  the  trend,  may  or  may  not  forward  to  a  clinician  for  review,  at  which  point  a  telehealth  session  can  be  initiated  if  needed.  mhealth  is  moving  from  being  a  passive  collector  of  data  via  patient  data  entry  to  an  active  aggregator  of  data  from  multiple  sources  for  realtime  evaluation.  additionally,  a  lot  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization eff  ort  is  being  put  into  utilizing  mhealth  to  engage  patients  in  the  management  of  their  disease.  smart  rooms  in  homes,  senior  living  and  hospitals  are  being  developed  1.  to  optimize  the  time  an  individual  can  safely  and  comfortably  live  at  home,  relieving  the  nancial  pressure  on  families;  2.  to  act  as  a  force  multiplier  for  seniorliving  operators  staff  to  ensure  the  comfort  and  safety  of  residents;  and  3.  to  improve  the  patient  experience  in  hospital  stays,  driving  up  hcaphs  scores  and  improving  safety.  these  advances,  as  well  as  the  rapid  development  of  more  forwardleaning  technologies  in  articial  intelligence  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization natural  language  processing,  will  have  an  immense  impact  on  the  quality  and  delivery  of  care.  quite  simply,  you  cannot  optimize  a  process  you  cannot  measure,  and  all  processes  are  able  to  be  measured.  many  of  the  emerging  technologies  highlighted  above  are  available  in  a  version  1.02.0  range  and  can  be  applied  today.  additionally,  there  are  many  ways  to  drive  operating  costs  out  of  hospitals  through  a  realtime  location  system,  through  the  modernization  and  automation  of  building  systems,  and  through  logistics  management  optimization.  the  real  question  needs  to  be  asked:  when  will  you  start  preparing  for  this  future?  at  the  current
__label__assetoperationsoptimization rate  of  change,  laggards  will  not  ourish.  start  now,  start  small,  dont  go  it  alone  and  iteratively  improve.  we  have  found  that  the  early  adopters  have  already  generated  substantial  data  on  operations  and  are  poised  to  gain  benet  from  process  optimization.  at  cdw,  we  have  a  methodology  for  the  development  of  a  longterm  strategy  for  digital  transformation  that  creates  a  roadmap  based  on  the  individual  needs  of  the  organization.  david  frumkin,  cdw  about  cdw  cdw  healthcare  is  a  leading  provider  of  technology  solutions  focused  exclusively  on  serving  the  healthcare  marketplace.  working  closely  with  healthcare  organizations  nationwide,  its  customers  range  from
__label__assetoperationsoptimization small  rural  providers  to  large  integrated  delivery  networks.  the  dedicated  healthcare  team  leverages  the  expertise  of  cdw  technology  specialists  and  engineers  to  deliver  bestinclass  solutions  from  data  center  infrastructure  through  the  point  of  patient  care.  for  more  information,  visit  cdw.com/healthcare.  caromont  regional  medical  center.  2019  healthcare  it  news  is  a  publication  of  himss  media
__label__assetoperationsoptimization try  these  quick  links  to  visit  popular  site  sections  by  signing  in,  you  agree  to  our  .  forgot  your  intel  or  ?  do  you  work  for  intel?  .  dont  have  an  intel  account?  for  a  basic  account.  the  browser  version  you  are  using  is  not  recommended  for  this  site.  please  consider  upgrading  to  the  latest  version  of  your  browser  by  clicking  one  of  the  following  links.  will  the  internet  of  things  iot  be  computings  next  big  frontier?  animation  on  what  the  internet  of  things  really  is  all  about.  intelligent  gateway  solutions  from  intel  for  the  internet  of  things  help  daikin
__label__assetoperationsoptimization applied  transform  the  hvac  industry.  intel,  wind  river,  and  mcafee  discuss  how  precertified  and  prevalidated  building  blocks  allow  a  faster  time  to  market  for  new  solutions.  experience  analytics  at  scale  with  new  optimized  hardware  and  software  solutions  from  intel  and  sas.  from  smart  cities,  homes,  and  classrooms  to  energy  management  and  wearable  devices,  see  what  iot  can  do  for  you.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  internet  of  things  is  opening  new  frontiers  for  improving  processes.  some  industries,  such  as  chemical  production,  are  installing  legions  of  sensors  to  bring  much  greater  granularity  to  monitoring.  these  sensors  feed  data  to  computers,  which  in  turn  analyze  them  and  then  send  signals  to  actuators  that  adjust  processesfor  example,  by  modifying  ingredient  mixtures,  temperatures,  or  pressures.  sensors  and  actuators  can  also  be  used  to  change  the  position  of  a  physical  object  as  it  moves  down  an  assembly  line,  ensuring  that  it  arrives  at  machine  tools  in  an  optimum  position  small  deviations  in  the  position  of  work  in  process  can
__label__assetoperationsoptimization jam  or  even  damage  machine  tools.  this  improved  instrumentation,  multiplied  hundreds  of  times  during  an  entire  process,  allows  for  major  reductions  in  waste,  energy  costs,  and  human  intervention.  automation  in  the  paper  industry  internet  of  things  has  helped  increase  quality  in  the  pulp  and  paper  industry,  for  example,  the  need  for  frequent  manual  temperature  adjustments  in  lime  kilns  limits  productivity  gains.  one  company  raised  production  5  percent  by  using  embedded  temperature  sensors  whose  data  is  used  to  automatically  adjust  a  kiln  flames  shape  and  intensity.  reducing  temperature  variance  to  near  zero  improved  product  quality  and  eliminated  the  need  for  frequent
__label__assetoperationsoptimization operator  intervention.  networked  sensors  and  automated  feedback  mechanisms  can  change  usage  patterns  for  scarce  resources,  including  energy  and  water,  often  by  enabling  more  dynamic  pricing.  utilities  such  as  enel  in  italy  and  pacific  gas  and  electric  pge  in  the  united  states,  for  example,  are  deploying  smart  meters  that  provide  residential  and  industrial  customers  with  visual  displays  showing  energy  usage  and  the  realtime  costs  of  providing  it.  the  traditional  residential  fixedpriceperkilowatthour  billing  masks  the  fact  that  the  cost  of  producing  energy  varies  substantially  throughout  the  day.  based  on  timeofuse  pricing  and  better  information,  residential  consumers  could  shut  down  air  conditioners  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization delay  running  dishwashers  during  peak  times.  commercial  customers  can  shift  energyintensive  processes  and  production  away  from  highpriced  periods  of  peak  energy  demand  to  lowpriced  offpeak  hours.  data  centers,  which  are  among  the  fastestgrowing  segments  of  global  energy  demand,  are  starting  to  adopt  powermanagement  techniques  tied  to  information  feedback.  power  consumption  is  often  half  of  a  typical  facilitys  total  lifetime  cost,  but  most  managers  lack  a  detailed  view  of  energy  consumption  patterns.  getting  such  a  view  isnt  easy,  since  the  energy  usage  of  servers  spikes  at  various  times,  depending  on  workloads.  furthermore,  many  servers  draw  some  power  24/7,  but  are  used
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mostly  at  minimal  capacity,  since  they  are  tied  to  specific  operations.  iot  automation  keeps  data  center  energy  consumption  patterns  in  check  manufacturers  have  developed  sensors  that  monitor  each  servers  power  use,  employing  software  that  balances  computing  loads  and  eliminates  the  need  for  underused  servers  and  storage  devices.  greenfield  data  centers  are  already  adopting  such  technologies,  which  could  become  standard  features  of  data  center  infrastructure  within  a  few  years.  the  most  demanding  use  of  the  internet  of  things  involves  the  rapid,  realtime  sensing  of  unpredictable  conditions  and  instantaneous  responses  guided  by  automated  systems.  this  kind  of  machine  decision  making  mimics  human
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reactions,  though  at  vastly  enhanced  performance  levels.  the  automobile  industry,  for  instance,  is  stepping  up  the  development  of  systems  that  can  detect  imminent  collisions  and  take  evasive  action.  certain  basic  applications,  such  as  automatic  braking  systems,  are  available  in  highend  autos.  the  potential  accident  reduction  savings  flowing  from  wider  deployment  could  surpass  100  billion  annually.  some  companies  and  research  organizations  are  experimenting  with  a  form  of  automotive  autopilot  for  networked  vehicles  driven  in  coordinated  patterns  at  highway  speeds.  this  technology  would  reduce  the  number  of  phantom  jams  caused  by  small  disturbances  such  as  suddenly  illuminated  brake  lights  that  cascade  into
__label__assetoperationsoptimization traffic  bottlenecks.  learn  more  about  the  internet  of  things  this  november  at  cloudexpo  in  santa  clara,  ca.  akvelon  expert,  where  he  will  present  current  possibilities  with  the  internet  of  things  and  where  the  technology  is  headed  in  the  future.  sergey  grebnov  is  a  senior  software  engineer  at  akvelon  inc.,  focused  on  iot,  open  source  and  mobile  related  projects.  he  is  an  active  open  source  member  and  apache  cordova  pmc.  he  holds  a  phd  in  computer  science  from  ivanovo  state  power  university.  we  make  big  software  happen.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  subset  of  the  far  more  ,  the  internet  of  industrial  things  iiot  is  a  network  of  connected  devices  that  collect  and  transmit  data.  that  data  is  then  analyzedto  extract  insights  that  willoptimize  various  manufacturing  and  commercial  processes.  potential  upsides  include  improved  safety,  cost  savings  and  streamlinedoperations.  the  technology  that  powers  an  organization  has  become  just  as  essential  to  success  as  the  product  or  service  a  venture  provides,  tech  entrepreneur  leon  hounshell  in  forbes.  every  sector  from  finance  to  agriculture  to  to  to  government  to  media  is  subject  to  this  truth.  business  technology  must  now  interconnect  people  with  the  proliferating
__label__assetoperationsoptimization devices,  data  and  systems  that  populate  our  digitalized  world  via  the  internet.  the  type  of  infrastructure  that  enables  a  business  to  address  this  evolution  is  dubbed  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  hounshell  continued,  but  it  really  isnt  a  separate  concern.  its  all  part  of  the  same  movement  pushing  modern  commerce  into  its  future  state.  financial,  industrial  new  york,  new  york  iiot  threat  detection  technology  helps  companies  guard  their  production  processes,  safety  and  revenues  by  deploying  rapidly  to  eliminate  unplanned  downtime  while  reducing  operational  costs.  manufacturing,  service  new  york,new  york  uses  ai  and  the  iiot  to  to  make  machines  with  mechanical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization nervous  systems  that  are  able  to,  in  effect,  maintain  their  own  health.  the  companys  sensors  give  malfunction  alerts  and  monitor  even  small  changes,  sending  feedback  via  augurys  online  management  platform  to  any  internetconnected  device.  aerospace,  automotive,  manufacturing  waltham,  massachusetts  employs  proprietary  optimization  algorithms  to  provide  intelligent  automation  services  tracking  raw  materials,  production  scheduling,  etc.  that  help  companies  make  quality  improvements,  reduce  waste  and  gain  more  insight  into  the  manufacturing  process.its  iiotenabled  technology  integrates  with  a  companys  existing  infrastructure.  real  estate  boston,massachusetts  iiot  smart  building  technology  lets  building  owners  and  managers  know  whats  happening  with  onsite  equipment  and  the  indoor  environment.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization residents  get  the  benefit  of  iiotenabled  devices  that  include  the  embue  thermostat,  sensor,  leak  detector  and  shutoff  valve  controller,  smart  wall  outlet,  smart  controller  and  smart  core.  the  company  also  makes  a  temperature  probe  and  an  hvac  management  module.  energy,  manufacturing  denver,  colorado  provides  iiot  sensing  technology  for  safer  and  more  efficient  fleet  and  produced  water  management,  worker  safety,  asset  tracking  and  more.  additionally,  its  digital  mobile  tools  and  eliminate  the  need  for  handwritten  records,  logs,  work  orders  and  other  forms.  automotive  austin,  texas  integrated  circuits  are  used  in  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  tags  and  passive  wireless  sensors.  as  part
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  its  edgetoedgeprocessing,  the  raw  data  thats  collected  is  transformed  into  actionable  insights  using  proprietary  algorithms  on  the  companys  versatile  iiot  platform.  chemical,  automotive,  healthcare  chicago,  illinois  is  a  design,  engineering  and  manufacturing  enterprise  that  makes  automation  machinery  and  iiot  equipment  for  a  wide  variety  of  industries.  billing  itself  as  a  onestop  shop,  linx  handles  projects  from  concept  to  completion.  manufacturing,  entertainment,  aviation  los  angeles,  california  makes  smart  led  lighting  for  highoutput  commercial  and  industrial  applications  as  well  as  modular  light  engines  that  can  integrate  led  systems  anywhere  via  retrofit  or  new  installation.  industrial  equipment,  cleantech,  civil  engineering  los  angeles,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization california  services  include  remote  monitoring,  telemetry,  sensors  and  iiot  devices.  its  open  platform,  tools.valarm.net  ,  can  accommodate  an  array  of  different  sensors.  the  companys  devices  have  been  used  in  many  scenarios,  including  for  water  level  and  flood  monitoring  warning  systems  in  the  chesapeake  bay  area  andwater  well  management.  manufacturing,  healthcare,  government  los  angeles,  california  provides  digital  as  build  maps  as  well  as  databases  that  track  building  activity,  plans,  asbuilts,  assets,  documentations,  electrical  assets,  maintenance  and  other  aspects  of  the  construction  process  all  of  it  accessible  from  anywhere  via  android  or  ios  device.  construction,  landscaping,  energy  new  york,  new  york  connects
__label__assetoperationsoptimization equipment  to  its  cloudbased  asset  management  system  in  part  by  using  iiotconnected  gps  asset  trackers.  telematics  data  collected  includes  location,  speed,  fault  codes,  engine  hours,  computer  engine  diagnostics  and  more  all  of  it  read  through  a  vehicles  onboard  monitor  and  accessed/transmitted  through  the  iiot  via  gps  and  cell  trackers.  transportation,  industrial  brooklyn,  new  york  brings  connectivity  to  challenging  places,including  highspeed  moving  vehicles  and  trains,  largescale  industrial  sites,  distributed  infrastructures  and  complex  urban  environments.  the  companys  wireless  products  facilitate  iiot  applications  that  include  smart  cities,  urban  videosurveillance,  connected  vehicles  and  trains  and  industrial  automation.  public  utilities,  energy,  healthcare  bethesda,  maryland  provides
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cybersecurity  services  for  the  iiot.  its  automated  learning  engine  culls  and  learns  from  operational  technology  network  activity  to  prepare  responses  and  policies.the  companys  industrial  cyber  protection  solution  facilitates  the  secure  sharing  of  industrial  data  and  prevents  cyber  threats.  manufacturing,  energy  sunnyvale,  california  makes  software  for  industrial  and  commercial  iot  applications.  the  companys  platform  provides  advanced  analytics  and  machine  learning  to  industrial  clients  in  manufacturing,  oil  and  gas,  power  and  water,  renewable  energy,  mining,  transportation  and  more.  government,  healthcare,  transportation  milwaukee,  wis.  provides  iiot  services  for  the  building,  automotive  and  power  sectors.  its  smart  connected  chillers  used  to  cool  large  buildings
__label__assetoperationsoptimization transmit  data  thats  then  analyzed  by  human  experts  so  buildings  run  efficiently  and  maintain  comfortable  temperatures.technicians  can  also  keep  tabs  on  the  condition  of  these  chillers  and  get  alerts  about  active  or  potential  issues.  johnsons  smart  thermostats  monitor  air  quality  and  transmit  data  that  lets  customers  better  understand  their  energy  usage  and  save  money  as  a  result.  industrial,  healthcare,  retail  new  paris,  indiana  connects  its  customers  to  commercialgrade  building  systems,  meters,  sensors  and  infrastructure  via  the  iiot.  industrial,  energy  palo  alto,  california  maanas  computational  knowledge  graph  more  quickly  extracts  knowledge  from  data  silos  to  optimize  a  companys  assets  and  processes
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  revealing  previously  unknown  relationships.  in  addition,  its  platform  lets  users  create  structural  models  from  enterprise  data  and  blend  that  with  computational  models  that  mathematically  encode  human  expertise  and  are  trained  by  subjectmatter  experts.  ai,  cybersecurity,  big  data  austin,  texas  sparkcognition  builds  and  deploys  a  datadriven  analytics  platform  for  clouds,  devices  and  the  iiot  via  proprietary  ai  algorithms.its  technology  continuously  learns  from  realtime  infrastructure  data  to  improve  risk  mitigation  and  disasterprevention  policies.  industrial,  healthcare,  transportation  berkeley,  california  is  a  materials  science  company  that  employs  biology  to  develop  sensors  for  the  realtime  detection  and  analysis  of  air  chemicalsin  an  array  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization industries.  its  evolving  sensor  platform  offers  advanced  detection  of  many  airborne  chemicals.  industrial,  healthcare  mountain  view,  california  makes  panel  forcesensing  switches  and  buttons  for  iiot  connected  devices  that  can  be  used  on  any  substrate  glass,  plastic,  metal  and  are  responsive  to  a  variety  of  touchscreen  instruments  and  even  gloved  hands.  manufacturing  somerville,  massachusetts  software  platform  lets  sensors,  cameras  and  other  iot  hardware  communicate  in  a  plugandplay  environment  so  users  can  get  a  detailed  overview  of  problem  areas  on  the  floor  that  need  to  be  addressed.  additionally,  manufacturers  can  use  tulips  technology  for  interactive  work  instructions,automatic  data  collection,  quality  control,  audits,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization machine  monitoring  and  training.  manufacturing,  energy  reno,  nev.  blocklet  application  software  and  blocklet  chip  hardware  solutions  let  iiotconnected  machines  and  devices  transparently  process  and  record  transactions  on  a  blockchain.  applications  include  the  encrypted  signing  of  device  dataand  the  authorization  and  the  realtime  signing  transactions  between  machines.  financial,  healthcare,  energy  redwood  city,  california  c3s  ai  and  iot  software  platform  can  read  data  from  an  array  of  connected  iiot  devices  and  make  recommendations  on  supply  chain  management  or  maintenance  issues.  the  companys  c3  type  system  is  designed  to  greatly  improve  the  productivity  of  application  developers  and  data  scientists.  images  via  social  media,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization x  written  by  guest  author,  charles  s.  sebor  jr.  president  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  the  concept  of  connecting  everyday  devices  to  the  internet  allowing  the  devices  to  send  and  receive  data.  for  industrial  automation,  consider  the  following  people  scenario.  workers  in  a  factory  that  are  continually  talking  simultaneously  would  result  in  chaos.  with  iot,  devices  can  constantly  report  their  status  to  a  receiving  computer  that  uses  information  to  optimize  decision  making.  this  is  a  great  idea  that  makes  sense,  but  why  has  it  taken  so  long?  there  have  been  major  barriers  have  prevented  iot  from  reaching  its  full
__label__assetoperationsoptimization potential.  the  two  biggest  challenges  have  been  cost  and  power.  a  third  challenge  that  comes  into  mind  is  who  is  out  there  listening?  the  major  issue  typically  associated  with  iot  is  the  cost.  wifi  modules  were  designed  into  products  for  about  15  just  a  few  years  ago.  to  get  below  10  per  unit  a  product  designer  would  often  have  to  work  at  the  chip  level.  working  at  that  level  is  a  very  costly  and  time  consuming  endeavor.  wifi  modules  can  now  be  found  for  5,  a  price  dip  attributed  largely  to  increased  module  sales  volume.  designing  with  these  modules  if
__label__assetoperationsoptimization they  include  a  builtin  antenna  avoids  the  federal  communications  commission  fcc  approval  process,  another  time/cost  saver.  with  the  issue  of  cost  aside,  lets  discuss  the  issue  of  power.  specifically  the  focus  is  on  bluetooth  smart  wireless  technology.  a  lot  of  designs  could  not  go  wireless  because  the  battery  life  would  be  too  short.  the  solution  has  not  proved  to  be  an  improvement  of  the  battery  power  source.  it  has  been  very  elusive  for  a  very  long  time.  instead,  power  usage  has  been  reduced  drastically  by  improved  silicon  design.  for  an  example,  take  this  :  a  225mah  coincell  battery  in  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization product  sending  20  bytes  of  data  per  second  would  last  4  years  and  5  months  in  comparison  to  just  2  years  with  previous  generations  of  bluetooth  smart  technology.  iot  proliferation  requires  one  more  piece  to  the  wireless  puzzle,  a  listener.  there  are  ,  with  the  total  coming  in  at  over  7  billion.  the  big  three  in  this  unwired  world  are  cellphones,  bluetooth,  and  wifi.  iot  devices  use  all  three  methods  as  needed,  as  they  each  offer  specific  benefits  and  come  with  specific  limitations.  it  is  clear  that  a  winner  is  emerging.  cellphone  coverage  is  extensive  but  can  prove  to  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization spotty.  even  certain  nearby  locations  may  suffer  limited  access.  their  broad  blanket  of  coverage  does  come  at  a  cost.  users  pay  for  data  transfer,  whether  its  for  a  family  or  for  a  factory.  bluetooth  communication  is  the  easiest  connection  to  establish,  requiring  a  quick  negotiation  process  to  establish  a  onetoone  link.  but  that  is  what  it  is  best  at,  onetoone.  figure  1:  as  an  example  of  this  limitation  playing  out  in  the  real  world,  a  recent  twochannel  bluetooth  design  of  ours  needed  to  be  expanded  from  two  to  twenty  channels.  after  a  brief  analysis,  the  management  of  twenty  channels  via
__label__assetoperationsoptimization bluetooth  was  estimated  to  be  undesirably  nondeterministic,  as  making  and  breaking  onetoone  connections  across  twenty  channels  could  not  be  tightly  controlled.  we  changed  the  entire  design  to  wifi,  which  is  more  of  a  power  hog,  but  offers  more  reliable  performance  over  multiple  channels.  power  usage  can  be  a  problem  for  a  battery  operated  wifi  design,  but  even  that  barrier  is  breaking.  touts  the  elimination  of  the  last  cord,  the  power  cord,  by  delivering  3  months  of  camera  data  on  one  battery.  for  iot,  the  emerging  winner  is  wifi.  limited  coverage  issues  are  always  controllable,  unlike  in  the  world  of  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cellphones.  the  user  can  always  install  another  router  to  beef  up  coverage.  the  end  result  is  deterministic  performance,  which  is  often  a  requirement  when  trying  to  eliminate  communication  wires.  sure,  there  is  a  cost  to  these  routers,  but  it  is  a  onetime  cost,  unlike  cellphone  communication.  bluetooth,  with  enticing  ease  of  connection,  suffers  from  the  focus  on  onetoone  connection.  in  our  factory  analogy  at  the  outset  of  this  article,  you  would  find  our  shouting  factory  workers  continually  trying  to  get  somebodys  attention  with  this  limitation,  causing  chaos.  the  biggest  win  for  wifi  is  how  it  delivers  the  information  it  harvests.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  smart  phone  user  can  use  bluetooth  or  wifi  to  connect  directly  to  a  sensor  and  view  reported  information,  but  only  when  he  is  in  range.  that  range  is  over  one  hundred  feet,  significantly  more  than  bluetooths  30  feet,  but  still  paltry  compared  to  the  power  of  a  wifi  connection  to  an  internet  connected  computer.  anyone  with  internet  connection  can  be  enabled  to  receive  wifi  data  broadcast  to  any  other  internet  connected  computer,  and  these  days  that  is  even  beyond  worldwide.  according  to  this  post,  .  we  now  have  a  data  uplink  with  the  moon  that  reaches  up  to  19.44
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mbps.  if  you  live  in  the  united  states,  thats  about  two  and  a  half  times  more  powerful  than  your  standard  7.4  mbps.  in  closing,  the  focus  of  iot  is  commercial,  enabling  improved  performance  of  a  task  via  information  sharing.  by  its  capability  to  share  the  most  information  with  the  most  consumers,  wifi  is  the  real  growth  industry  in  iot.  7  methods  to  reduce  cost  in  your  cable  assembly  today  at  epec,  the  customer  comes  first,  and  everything  we  do  must  be  put  through  that  filter.  whether  it  is  developing  ecommerce  platforms  to  make  it  easier  to  work  with  us,  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization creating  a  npi  new  product  introduction  process  that  helps  our  customers  get  to  market  faster,  or  the  other  10  new  projects  we  have  in  process,  we  must  focus  on  building  the  new.  by  doing  that  every  day,  and  by  always  making  the  customer  our  top  priority,  we  plan  on  being  here  for  another  65  years  and  then  some.  learn  more  about  x  join  our  social  community  and  keep  in  touch  with  all  our  latest  technology  investments,  current  news,  upcoming  events,  and  promotions.  2019  copyright  epec,  .  all  rights  reserved.  x
__label__assetoperationsoptimization follow  us  on:  follow  us  on:  contributing  experts  offer  additional  process  automation  and  control  knowledge  in  these  blog  posts.  submitted  by  on  fri,  07/26/2019  09:40  megan  ray  nichols  is  a  stem  writer  and  blogger.  more  of  her  work  can  be  found  on  ,and  she  can  be  reached  at  .  we  welcome  your  thoughtful  comments.  all  comments  will  display  your  user  name.  want  to  participate  in  the  discussion?  for  complete  access.  no  one  has  commented  on  this  page  yet.  copyright  2019  control  global.  all  rights  reserved.  p:  6304671300  1501  e.  woodfield  road,  suite  400n,  schaumburg,  il  60173
__label__assetoperationsoptimization multitech  designs,  develops  and  manufactures  communications  equipment  for  the  industrial  internet  of  things  connecting  physical  assets  to  business  processes  to  deliver  enhanced  value.  our  commitment  to  quality  and  service  excellence  means  you  can  count  on  multitech  products  and  people  to  address  your  needs.  to  be  the  preferred  provider  for  innovative  connected  technology  destined  to  transform  our  world.  to  make  connected  technology  easy  to  adopt  and  use  by  focusing  on  customer  needs,  developing  innovative  solutions,  outpacing  market  change,  leveraging  bestinclass  processes,  and  empowering  our  team  to  achieve  and  grow.  copyright  1995  2019  by  multitech  systems,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization how  what  who  about  .  if  you  are  in  the  business  of  creating,  or  operating  things  you  may  have  seen  hundreds,  thousands,  billions,  and  even  of  reports  that  describe  the  impact  of  the  iot  use  cases  on  businesses  in  this  age  of  industry  4.0.  we  need  to  shift  our  focus  from  this  barrage  of  reports  so  that  we  can  identify  iot  use  cases  that  can  help  you  transform  of  your  business  and  create  strategic  differentiation.  at  netobjex,  we  agree  that  the  internet  of  thing  is  indeed  transformative.  this  is  the  primary  reason  that  we  came  up  with  the  netobjex  matrix
__label__assetoperationsoptimization digital  twinplatform  and  piqube  the  worlds  first  purposebuilt  .  using  these  products,  you  can  easily  and  smartly  analyze  data,  quickly  create  applications,  securely  connect  smart  things,  enhance  operational  efficiencies,  and  ultimately  transform  your  business.  when  you  choose  the  netobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  and  ,  you  get  complete  and  uninterrupted  access  to  endtoend  iot  capabilities.  from  machine  learning  to  smart  connectivity,  and  from  augmented  reality  to  realtime  operational  dashboards  you  get  the  flexibility  of  operating  onpremise  in  the  cloud  and  at  the  edge.  we  all  know  that  iot  success  depends  greatly  on  delivering  critical  solutions  in  the  near  term,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization not  in  some  faraway  distant  quarter.  let  us  find  out  with  some  iot  on  how  the  netobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  and  piqube  can  help  transform  your  business  in  the  era  of  industry  4.0.  the  iot  platform  offered  by  netobjex  can  offer  easy  and  simplified  access  to  supply  chain  information  on  a  realtime  basis.  this  is  done  by  accurately  and  precisely  tracking  equipment,  materials,  and  products  as  they  move  through  the  supply  chain.  industry  4.0  solutions  provided  by  netobjex  give  greater  control,  insight,  and  data  visibility  to  your  organization  across  the  entire  supply  chain.  effectiveand  accurate  reporting  helps  you  collect
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  feed  critical  delivery  informationinto  product  lifecycle  management,  enterprise  resource  planning,  and  othersystems.  this  helps  in  tracing  material  flow,  interdependencies,  andmanufacturing  cycle  times.  access  to  this  data  will  help  you  reduce  inventory,predict  issues,  and  minimize  capital  requirements.  byleveraging  these  smart  supply  chain  management  capabilities,  you  can  deliverinnovative  and  better  products  and  services  to  the  market  cheaper,  faster,  andwith  enhanced  quality  to  gain  a  distinct  advantage  over  competitors.  iotenabled  devices  such  as  piqube  can  be  used  for  transmitting  operational  information  to  vendors  and  partners  such  as  equipment  manufacturers  and  field  engineers.  this  will  assist  factory  heads  and  operation  managers  remotely  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization effectively  manage  units  of  the  factory  and  reap  the  advantages  of  process  optimization  and  automation.  moreover,  a  better  line  of  commands  can  be  identified  using  thenetobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  to  accurately  identify  key  performance  indicators  and  key  result  areas  for  managers.  through  piqube  and  the  netobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  help  manufacturers  become  more  efficient  and  profitable  at  each  stage  of  the  supply  chain.  this  helps  them  keep  a  close  check  on  quality,  inventory,  and  optimization  opportunities  associated  with  logistics.  furthermore,  the  employees  of  your  with  iot  in  place  can  reap  the  advantages  of  better  visibility  into  their  assets
__label__assetoperationsoptimization globally.  also,  tasks  related  to  standard  asset  managementsuch  as  disposals,  asset  transfers,  adjustments,  and  reclassifications  can  beeasily  managed  centrally  and  streamlined  in  real  time.  custom  applications  created  through  piqube  can  be  used  to  give  manufacturers  the  ability  to  accurately  predict  when  potential  issues  are  likely  to  before  they  actually  happen.  preventive  maintenance  without  iot  systems  in  the  right  place  at  a  factory  happens  based  on  time  or  routine.  in  short,  it  is  a  manual  task.  this  concept  changes  entirely  and  for  the  better  with  iot  systems  in  place  as  preventive  maintenance  gets  much  more  streamlined  and  automated.  the  systems  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization place  can  be  used  for  sensing  when  issues  are  arising  or  what  are  the  ideal  times  to  fix  the  machinery.  this  can  help  your  organization  becomemore  empowered  than  ever  before  these  issues  become  bigger  problems.  custom  applications  created  through  powered  solutions  can  be  used  to  monitor  the  production  lines,  starting  from  the  process  of  refining  to  the  process  of  final  product  packaging.  this  entire  monitoring  of  the  process  almost  on  a  realtime  basisoffers  great  scope  for  recommending  operations  adjustments  for  efficientmanagement  of  the  operational  costs.  furthermore,  lags  in  production  arehighlighted  by  strict  monitoring  that  helps  in  eliminating  unnecessary  work  inprogress
__label__assetoperationsoptimization inventory  and  wastes.  organizations,  through  this  use  case,  can  easily  engage  in  the  aggregation  and  contextualization  of  data  from  isolated  manufacturing  assets  and  systems  into  actionable  mobile  and  web  applications.  these  apps  will  be  used  for  offering  clearlydefined  rolebased  views  into  key  indicators  while  also  facilitating  drilldown  into  correlated  data  for  diagnosing  problems  in  an  efficient  and  easy  way.  conditionbased  maintenance  alerts  can  be  enabled  by  the  use  of  iot  sensors  in  manufacturing  equipment.  you  can  make  use  of  a  wide  range  of  critical  machine  tools  to  function  within  specific  vibration  and  temperature  ranges.  iotpowered  sensors  can  be  used  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization monitoring  machines  and  sending  specific  alert  messages  whenever  there  is  a  deviation  noticed  from  the  prescribed  parameters.  you,  as  a  manufacturer,  can  save  energy,  enhance  operational  efficiency,  and  eliminate  machine  downtime  by  ensuring  that  there  is  a  definitive  working  environment  for  machinery.  want  to  know  more  about  different  for  which  industry  4.0  solutions  are  provided  by  netobjex?  get  more  insights  on  the  netobjex  matrix  digital  twin  platform  and  piqube.  call  us  at  1855  9282283  now  by  on  december  20,  2018  by  on  december  20,  2018  by  on  december  20,  2018  lets  chat  ...pick  a  slot  on  our  calendar  at:  who
__label__assetoperationsoptimization published  august  17,  2018  the  business  of  extracting  and  transporting  oil  and  gas  is  filled  with  challenges.  to  stay  competitive,  companies  in  this  industry  must  continually  strive  to  produce  crude  oil  and  refined  products  at  a  lower  cost.  they  are  also  constantly  looking  to  enhance  and  extend  the  value  of  their  existing  assets  while  also  searching  for  new  oil  and  gas  reserves.  and  environmental  standards  are  becoming  increasingly  stringent,  requiring  transparency  in  operations  and  tighter  controls  on  production  and  distribution.  to  overcome  these  challenges,  oil  and  gas  companies  worldwide  are  thinking  creatively  once  again.  keep  in  mind  that  challenges  like
__label__assetoperationsoptimization these  arent  necessarily  new  to  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  for  the  past  few  decades,  theres  been  a  huge  incentive  to  improve  efficiencies  and  reduce  downtime,  which  has  led  to  the  implementation  of  things  like  predictive  analytics  and  machine  learning.  some  would  classify  these  as  being  part  of  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  but  my  definition  of  iot  is  a  narrower  one,  referring  specifically  to  connected  sensors  and  controllers  and  everything  upstream  of  thatthings  that  create  data  or  can  take  action  based  on  command.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  now,  analytics  data  is  becoming  easier  to  acquire
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thanks  to  the  iot.  connectivity  technology  is  improving,  sensors  are  cheaper,  low  power  technology  is  available,  and  batteries  can  last  longer.  all  those  developments  mean  oil  and  gas  companies  can  use  more  sensors  in  more  places  to  monitor  machinery  and  environmental  conditionsespecially  at  that  last  mile,  where  affordable  connectivity  was  previously  not  an  option.  within  this  article,  well  first  explore  how  the  traditional  methods  oil  and  gas  companies  use  for  monitoring  are  changing.  well  then  look  at  several  use  cases  where  can  offer  a  unique  hybrid  solution  for  m2m  applications  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  oil  and  gas  companies
__label__assetoperationsoptimization typically  have  numerous  remote  assets  that  require  monitoring.  traditionally,  theyve  utilized  the  following  monitoring  methods:  each  of  these  solutions  has  benefits  and  considerations  to  take  into  account.  the  main  considerations  are:  as  the  market  has  grown  and  expanded  over  the  past  several  years,  some  oil  and  gas  companies  are  looking  to  take  what  used  to  be  wired  and  make  it  wireless,  so  they  can  further  consolidate  their  connections.  solutions  allow  these  companies  to  do  things  in  a  more  ad  hoc  way.  for  instance,  theyre  able  to  add  100  sensors  in  a  single  well,  and  then  add  another  1,000  sensors  when
__label__assetoperationsoptimization they  deem  necessary.  this  is  far  easier  with  wireless  technologies  than  it  is  for  plc  and  other  wired  systems.  note:  because  the  process  of  monitoring  wells  is  highly  complex  with  a  lot  of  moving  parts  and  a  lot  of  value,  it  may  not  always  make  sense  to  use  wireless  technologyeven  if  its  available.  this  can  only  be  determined  on  a  casebycase  basis.  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  still  evolving  when  it  comes  to  realizing  the  full  value  of  the  iot;  it  hasnt  yet  revolutionized  oil  and  gas  like  it  has  other  industries.  however,  the  iot  is  making  it  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization lot  easier  for  companies  to  collect  vital  information,  which  has  led  to  more  informed  business  decisions.  connected  wireless  technology  is  helping  the  oil  and  gas  industries:  wireless  iot  allows  companies  to  monitor  more  things  using  sensorlevel  technology,  take  fewer  readings  by  hand,  and  gather  more  data  and  information  in  order  to  better  optimize  business  processes.  i  cant  speak  to  whats  going  on  behind  the  scenes  with  big  data,  but  i  can  speak  to  the  fact  that  sensordriven  iot  can  make  the  process  of  gathering  this  data  substantially  easier.  for  instance,  its  important  for  even  a  small  oil  company  to  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization solid  well  optimization  to  increase  its  profitability.  if  the  company  is  drilling  a  new  well,  it  has  to  inject  chemicals  into  the  well  to  keep  rocks  from  building  up,  which  provides  viscosity  to  pull  the  rocks  up  as  the  company  is  drilling.  once  the  well  is  online  and  producing,  the  company  has  to  do  a  balance  of  pressure,  make  sure  the  temperatures  are  correct,  ensure  it  is  extracting  the  right  quantities  of  oil,  and  so  on.  when  there  are  more  data  points  about  the  microscopic  conditions  in  a  well  ranging  from  temperatures,  pressures,  rates,  chemical  compositions,  viscosity,  etc.,  the  company
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  able  to  collect  the  necessary  data,  run  postproduction  analysis,  optimize  current  and  future  drilling  processes,  and  hopefully  increase  its  market  share  and  profitability.  this  is  reminiscent  of  and  their  progression  toward  wireless.  like  oil  and  gas,  industrial  automation  has  been  around  for  a  very  long  time.  these  companies  began  using  original  wired  iot  technologies  to  drive  costs  down  and  connect  parts  of  their  controlled  networks.  but  as  wireless  sensor  automation  became  more  prevalent  in  the  marketand  thus,  more  accessiblethese  companies  could  use  wireless  sensors  to  connect  more  easily,  capture  more  data,  analyze  that  information,  and  improve  their  processes.  lets
__label__assetoperationsoptimization take  a  look  at  some  of  the  ways  oil  and  gas  companies  are  using  the  iot  to  gather  that  actionable  data,  thereby  improving  operations.  the  iot  use  cases  that  are  currently  generating  the  most  value  for  the  oil  and  gas  industry  center  around  lowering  nonproductive  time  npt.  nptwhich  can  be  caused  by  anything  from  inclement  weather  to  equipment  failureshas  a  major  impact  on  revenue,  accounting  for  about  of  total  drilling  costs.  the  iot  is  helping  companies  combat  npt  by  allowing  them  to  perform  better  predictive  maintenance,  more  accurately  predict  failures,  and  detect  leaks  quicklyessentially,  to  find  problems  before  they  start.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization but  building  an  iot  oil  and  gas  network  for  an  area  that  is  sparsely  populated  or  isolated  can  be  quite  challenging.  theres  often  not  the  necessary  consistency  in  node  placement  for  a  ,  cellular  coverage  is  often  unavailable,  and  satellite  and  wired  connections  are  very  costly.  in  many  cases,  low  power  wide  area  lpwan  networks  offer  a  good  alternative  for  m2m  communication  in  oil  and  gas.  most  offshore  oil  and  gas  production  is  done  in  fairly  extreme  environments  where  there  are  few  existing  communication  networks  available,  which  makes  monitoring  temperatures,  pressures,  flow  rates,  and  other  characteristics  tricky  and  expensive.  often,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cellular  networks  arent  an  option.  and  while  you  could  use  a  wifi  network  or  a  mesh  network,  youd  likely  have  to  overengineer  it  for  it  to  be  functional.  to  deal  with  these  realities,  critical  data  is  typically  extracted  through  the  use  of  satellite  communications  or  wired  networks,  both  of  which  come  at  a  steep  cost.  using  lpwans,  you  can  connect  a  lot  more  monitoring  points  relatively  inexpensively.  for  instance,  you  could  connect  xx  leak  detectors  on  xx  wells  located  within  a  xxsquare  mile  area  on  an  lpwan  network.  each  of  those  detectors  then  sends  information  back  to  a  central  point,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization which  is  connected  to  a  satellite.  or,  the  data  could  simply  be  processed  onsite,  depending  on  the  companys  wants  and  needs.  a  hybrid  solution  like  this  one  allows  you  to  collect  much  more  data  than  the  traditional  monitoring  method.  lpwans  can  also  be  helpful  in  measuring  salinity  to  ensure  there  are  no  watertofuel  leaks  and  monitoring  equipment  and  personnel  onsite.  in  an  oil  and  gas  refinery,  the  internet  of  things  could  be  used  to  monitor  things  like  pipe  thickness,  flow  rate,  pipe  pressure,  and  more.  if  these  areas  are  accessible  to  human  personnel,  a  lot  of  measurements  are  typically  logged
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  hand.  but  logging  this  amount  of  information  by  hand  is  a  timeconsuming  job,  and  fairly  costly  for  the  company.  keep  in  mind  that  some  areas  of  a  refinery  need  to  be  measured  in  exact  realtimefor  instance,  a  valve  that  needs  to  be  controlled  based  on  a  flow  rate  being  monitored  elsewhere.  in  that  case,  a  change  in  flow  rate  would  require  almost  instantaneous  control  of  the  valve.  with  most  radio  systems,  its  hard  to  guarantee  data  is  being  sent  in  realtime  with  100  accuracylpwan  systems  arent  typically  designed  for  extremely  high  throughputs.  so  if  readings  need  to  be  taken
__label__assetoperationsoptimization every  fraction  of  a  second,  the  refinery  will  likely  rely  on  a  wired  system.  but  what  the  internet  of  things  iot  does  allow  for  is  hitting  more  points  for  more  accurate  data.  for  example,  many  aspects  of  a  refinery  are  engineered  with  specific  levels  of  uncertainty  because  they  simply  cant  be  measured.  for  example,  a  particular  part  of  the  refinery  may  not  be  able  to  run  at  the  same  pressure  as  it  would  if  more  reading  points  were  available.  to  solve  that  problem,  the  iot  could  provide  greater  insight  and  extra  data  about  the  flow,  allowing  the  refinery  to  run
__label__assetoperationsoptimization at  higher  capacity.  the  iot  network  would  also  save  the  refinery  money  by  limiting  the  personnel  needed  to  manually  monitor,  or  the  amount  of  equipment  that  requires  wired  communications.  one  of  the  primary  concerns  with  oil  and  gas  pipelines  is  leakage,  and  the  financial,  environmental,  and  reputational  damage  it  could  cause.  if  methane  gas  is  released  without  being  burned,  it  has,  pound  for  pound,  about  25  times  the  impact  on  climate  change  than  carbon  dioxide  has  theres  also  a  high  explosion  risk  for  a  gas  leak  when  its  exposed  to  atmospheric  pressure.  and  while  oil  doesnt  hold  a  risk  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization explosion,  there  are  major  risks  associated  with  pipeline  leaks.  companies  could  lose  their  assets,  and  their  pollution  could  potentially  lead  to  astronomical  fines.  prior  to  the  iot,  satellite  internet  monitored  key  points  in  the  pipeline  and  extrapolated  data  to  measure  total  system  performance.  with  the  integration  of  oil  and  gas  solutions,  more  key  points  can  be  monitored  for  less  money.  the  iot  can  also  help  monitor  pipeline  components,  like  pumps  and  filters.  without  a  smart  system,  a  company  would  have  to  send  someone  to  perform  periodic,  routine  maintenance  every  three  months,  for  example.  but  with  the  extra  data  the  company
__label__assetoperationsoptimization could  gather  from  its  iot  system,  it  may  be  able  to  wait  for  maintenance  and  pump  and  filter  replacement  until  the  performance  of  the  system  starts  to  decline  though  some  amount  of  preventative  maintenance  will  prudently  still  be  performed.  today,  there  are  several  companieslike  previously  pumpwell  and  that  provide  iot  solutions  for  wellhead  and  pumpjack  monitoring  and  other  gas  and  oil  monitoring  needs.  according  to  wellaware,  help  companies  reduce  lease  operating  expenses,  minimize  unplanned  downtime,  and  ensure  safety  and  regulatory  compliance.  data  companies  collect  feeds  into  a  platform  that  may  tell  the  company,  for  example,  if  they  should  be  injecting
__label__assetoperationsoptimization more  chemicals  or  steam  into  the  well,  or  what  kind  of  vacuum  pressures  are  optimal  given  the  conditions.  theres  a  lot  that  goes  into  the  oil  and  gas  extraction  process,  and  iot  devices  make  monitoring  and  gathering  data  on  these  things  easier.  the  visual  below,  created  by  ,  describes  some  of  the  common  threats  to  well  performance.  oil  and  gas  is  similar  to  the  offshore  use  case  in  that  theres  typically  no  connectivity  in  the  middle  of  the  ocean  other  than  satellite  internet.  if  you  want  to  collect  data  from  around  your  ship,  ,  your  options  are  limited.  lpwans  allow
__label__assetoperationsoptimization you  to  remotely  monitor  parts  of  the  ship  that  personnel  dont  regularly  go  to  or  are  nearly  impossible  to  access.  this  adds  a  layer  of  both  safety  and  convenience.  while  some  elements  of  oil  and  gas  cargo  ships  have  to  be  wired  due  to  realtime  needs  of  the  propulsion  plant,  some  nonoperational  elementstemperatures,  pressures,  flows,  etc.dont  need  to  be  backhauled  using  satellite,  or  connected  in  real  time.  therefore,  small  iot  networks  can  be  great  alternatives  to  wired  sensors  and  gages.  the  dynamic  nature  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry  can  make  inventory  planning  and  optimization  difficult.  the  iot  can  help
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  procurement  planning  and  scheduling.  for  example,  refineries  could  use  sensors  to  detect  which  types  of  crude  oil  or  crude  oil  blends  are  incoming  and/or  where  each  type  is  stored.  having  this  data  available  would  be  valuable  for  production  and  operation  decisions.  it  could  also  be  used  to  measure  crude  composition  for  inventory  purposes.  smart  oil  and  gas  have  been,  and  will  continue  to  be,  longevolving  processes.  didnt  dramatically  change  these  fields,  but  wireless  technology  does  put  gas  and  oil  companies  at  a  unique  advantage.  in  fact,  i  believe  they  are  wellpositioned  to  make  some  of  their  biggest  strides  now
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  connecting  things  is  cheaper  and  the  technology  is  more  sophisticated  than  ever.  if  companies  can  collect  information  and  thus,  run  further  data  analysis  with  a  limited  number  of  endpoints,  imagine  how  much  could  be  done  with  more  granular  information.  connectivity  isnt  an  issue  for  everyone  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  if  you  have  access  to  cellular  networks,  and  what  youre  monitoring  is  highvalue  enough  to  merit  the  price  tag,  you  may  not  need  lpwan  technology.  but  if  youre  looking  to  improve  operational  efficiencies  and  cut  costs  in  a  number  of  ways,  this  information  may  help  you  take  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization incumbents  in  the  market.  if  youre  dealing  with  connectivity  problems  in  your  oil  and  gas  application,  to  see  how  we  can  help.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights  reserved.  the  lora  name,  lora  logo  and  lorawan  are  trademarks  of  semtech  corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  u.s.  and/or  other  countries.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization interana  blog  staff  the  growth  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  been  astonishing.  from  our  cars  to  our  watches  to  our  factories,  more  and  more  things  are  becoming  embedded  with  technology.  we  can  do  more  than  ever  before  with  the  objects  around  us.  regardless,  both  companies  and  consumers  have  not  yet  tapped  into  the  abundant  possibility  of  the  iot.  and  a  lot  of  this  has  to  do  with  how  we  use  and  collect  data  from  the  devices  that  we  have  deemed  smart.  even  though  we  can  theoretically  collect  and  analyze  more  than  ever  before,  our  data  use  has  lagged
__label__assetoperationsoptimization behind.  mckinsey  reported  on  iot  analytics  use  cases  and  found  that  an  oil  rig  with  30,000  sensors  used  only  of  its  data  thats  right,  one  percent.  we  need  to  be  prepared  to  ask  better  questions  about  our  relationship  with  smart  devices  and  start  using  the  data  that  were  collecting  in  iot  analytics  use  cases.  companies  that  do  not  start  taking  advantage  of  the  abundance  of  iot  data  are  going  to  fall  behind,  and  the  ones  that  do  are  going  to  rise  to  the  top.  the  factory  setting  is  the  perfect  breeding  ground  for  advancements  in  the  iot.  since  most  factories
__label__assetoperationsoptimization have  become  heavily  automated,  the  potential  for  data  collection  is  boundless,  and  with  all  factories  competing  for  the  best  results  at  the  lowest  cost,  the  motivation  to  improve  is  alive  and  well.  factories  that  are  automated  are  looking  to  start  collecting  more  data  and  connecting  their  devices  to  each  other,  even  to  things  like  incoming  orders.  many  factories  have  already  put  systems  in  place  that  alert  employees  of  equipment  issues.  companies,  like  amazon,  are  by  grouping  items  into  cubbies  that  have  available  room,  rather  than  grouping  likeitems  together.  this,  combined  with  smart  storage  systems  that  remember  what  is  stored  where,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization streamlines  the  factory,  shipping,  and  storage  experience  through  the  iot.  but  many  factories  still  have  a  long  way  to  go  from  automation  to  truly  use  the  iot  as  an  analytics  powerhouse  for  their  company.  nearfull  automation  is  allowing  orders  to  be  processed  and  shipped  faster  than  ever  before.  baseline  analytics  regarding  machine  performance  and  order  tracking  is  the  start  of  businesses  understanding  their  inventory  and  their  manufacturing  process  more  intimately.  but  the  future  is  even  brighter.  if  almost  fully  automated  factories  can  collect  and  harness  data  on  almost  every  single  part  of  their  manufacturing  and  shipping  processes,  they  will  quickly
__label__assetoperationsoptimization optimize  their  operations,  reduce  wasted  resources,  and  predict  things  like  machine  maintenance.  because  factories  rely  on  a  very  delicate  sequence  of  events,  granular  detail  on  every  part  of  the  chain  will  have  a  great  impact  on  streamlining  industrial  production.  small  advancements  toward  smart  cities  are  already  becoming  commonplace  in  many  urban  areas  around  the  world.  something  as  simple  as  an  electronic  sign  telling  you  when  your  bus  is  supposed  to  arrive  or  whether  it  has  encountered  a  delay  is  an  example  of  the  iot  solving  problems  in  cities.  one  of  the  biggest  hassles  in  a  city  is  navigating  transportation  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization traffic.  so  tracking  trams,  buses,  and  subways  is  a  huge  help  to  commuters  and  not  just  because  you  know  when  your  bus  will  arrive.  many  cities  also  use  this  tracking  to  schedule  maintenance  work  on  infrastructure  and  vehicles,  targeting  the  least  disruptive  time  for  repairs  and  the  most  likely  candidates  for  repair  work  a  fabulous  example  of  top  iot  analytics  use  cases.  theres  potential  for  data  from  the  iot  to  help  improve  the  quality  of  life  all  over  cities,  particularly  where  large  public  services  are  involved.  for  example,  cities  like  barcelona  are  equipped  with  sensors  that  measure  how  full  they
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are.  this  helps  optimize  service  routes,  keeps  the  cans  empty,  and  reduces  traffic.  the  future  potential  for  smart  cities  is  endless.  when  more  objects  in  cities  become  part  of  the  iot,  city  planning  will  be  shaped  by  the  data  that  they  collect  to  restructure  our  relationship  with  our  urban  surroundings  literally.  even  parking  and  navigation  still  have  improvements  left.  cars  could  alert  you  when  youre  running  out  of  time  on  your  parking  spot  or  if  your  car  is  in  a  zone  that  has  hit  streetsweeping  time.  new  tram  or  bus  routes  could  be  planned  around  years  of  traffic  data.  more
__label__assetoperationsoptimization than  public  infrastructure  will  be  affected.  for  example,  with  city  power  grids  tracking  usage  and  smart  devices  connected  to  the  iot,  we  might  see  innovations  like  blackout  preventions.  a  fridge  might  stay  on  while  lamps,  tvs,  and  other  nonessential  devices  are  kept  off,  rather  than  rolling  total  power  cuts  across  a  city.  the  iot  in  cities  should  react  and  respond  to  the  problems  that  urban  developments  have,  and  the  data  we  collect  from  smart  cities  plays  a  role  in  making  that  possible.  one  of  the  biggest  trends  for  selfimprovement  is  the  smartwatch/fitness  tracker  a  perfect  example  of  how  the  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  already  being  used  to  shape  our  habits.  wearable  tech  is  huge  when  thinking  about  how  the  iot  shapes  us  as  individuals,  whether  thats  tracking  our  sleep,  steps,  miles  run  or  minutes  without  moving,  these  devices  allow  us  to  analyze  our  own  behaviors.  theres  also  iot  that  help  you  manage  larger  habits,  like  your  energy  consumption  and  your  food  waste.  smart  fridges  let  you  look  into  your  fridge  from  the  grocery  store,  and  even  notify  you  when  foods  are  about  to  expire.  its  only  a  matter  of  time  before  theyre  able  to  help  you  track  the  way  you  buy,  eat,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  waste  food  with  even  more  data.  smart  meters  can  also  be  used  to  measure  energy,  water,  and  gas  consumption  in  your  home.  this  gives  homeowners  a  live  lookin  at  their  spending  and  consumption  any  time  they  choose.  some  companies  combine  this  with  aggregate  data  about  energy  use  to  vary  the  costs  of  utilities  depending  on  time  of  day  and  season.  this  helps  homeowners  spend  less  on  energy,  and  encourages  green  home  habits.  personal  betterment  with  the  iot  is  about  automatically  collecting  behavioral  data  and  using  it  to  change  the  way  you  behave.  we  have  made  good  strides  to  develop
__label__assetoperationsoptimization simple  wearable  tech,  and  as  these  devices  continue  to  collect  information,  both  companies  and  individuals  will  reap  those  benefits.  the  future  of  selfimprovement  with  the  iot  should  see  our  wearable  devices  becoming  more  and  more  sophisticated.  shoes  might  have  sensors  in  the  sole  that  detect  problems  with  stride  or  tell  you  how  long  youve  been  standing  in  a  day.  athletes  could  in  their  equipment  to  help  reduce  and  prevent  injuries.  things  like  toothbrushes  could  be  gamified  to  encourage  good  habits,  or  your  smartphone  might  beep  if  its  too  far  away  from  your  smart  keys.  companies  should  be  looking  at  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  coming  in  from  these  devices  and  helping  users  get  the  most  out  of  their  products.  as  more  and  more  personal  items  become  part  of  the  iot,  the  key  will  be  making  this  data  manageable  and  accessible,  not  a  datadump.  most  innovations  in  retail  have  focused  on  the  shoppers  journey  through  the  store  selecting  items.  smart  checkouts  are  an  example  of  this,  where  the  checkout  station  has  been  designed  to  scan,  weigh,  tell  if  shoppers  are  using  their  own  bags,  and  complete  all  functions  of  a  checkout  person  within  a  small  smart  station.  amazon  took  this  further  with  their  idea
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  a  store  that  the  items  you  picked  and  charges  you  on  your  way  out  the  door,  with  no  need  to  scan  each  individual  item.  an  italian  smart  grocery  store  concept  yet  again  by  making  all  nutritional  information,  grower  information,  carbon  footprint,  allergy  information,  price  basically  anything  youd  want  to  know  while  shopping  available  through  smart  displays  instore.  amazon  and  others  have  piloted  drone  quick  delivery  services,  and  other  retailers,  such  as  luxury  retailer  everlane,  are  also  offering  hourof  delivery.  with  drones  becoming  more  commonplace,  quick  shipping  via  drone  could  see  a  boom,  specifically  for  customers  within  a  certain  radius
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  brick  and  mortar  stores  or  storage  and  shipping  facilities.  these  examples  underscore  how  retail  is  using  iot  to  improve  the  consumer  experience  by  alleviating  the  worst  parts  of  purchasing,  like  waiting  in  line  or  waiting  for  items  to  ship.  this  is  bringing  mechanization  to  parts  of  the  retail  chain  that  havent  been  upgraded  in  the  same  way  as  backend  manufacturing  processes.  but  they  dont  speak  to  how  the  data  from  these  smart  devices  are  going  to  be  used  to  make  retail  experience  even  better.  does  adding  a  carbon  footprint  to  food  really  help  a  shopper?  are  drone  flight  patterns
__label__assetoperationsoptimization going  to  be  measured  against  weather  pressure  systems  to  ensure  speedy  delivery?  good  iot  analytics  use  cases  will  uncover  better  indicators  as  to  how  consumers  interact  with  purchase  experiences  how  are  people  moving  through  stores,  how  long  are  they  looking  at  items  or  in  dressing  rooms  or  waiting  in  line?  what  are  their  pain  points,  what  is  influencing  their  purchasing  decisions  in  brick  and  mortar  locations?  implementing  smart  should  yield  answers  to  these  questions  through  a  wealth  of  data  collected  from  the  way  customers  behave.  whether  youre  trying  to  optimize  machine  behavior  or  eliminate  your  own  bad  habits,  the  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization has  the  potential  to  revolutionize  the  way  you  achieve  your  goals  but  only  if  you  let  it.  yes,  it  can  be  hard  to  wrap  your  head  around  the  idea  that  your  fridge  or  your  pillow  or  the  brakes  of  your  city  bus  can  provide  the  data  it  takes  to  make  the  next  revolutionary  shift.  embracing  this  possibility  and  taking  a  critical  eye  to  what  we  can  do  with  a  flood  of  new  information  will  pave  the  way  to  the  future.  scott  leatherman  but  the  new  regulationsand  lets  be  honest,  some  very  long  in  the  tooth  but  very  sharp  existing  industry
__label__assetoperationsoptimization regulationscan  and  should...  pete  kurkowski  there  are  two  ways  you  can  grow  revenue.  you  can  find  new  customers,  and  you  can  bring  existing  customers  back  to  buy  more.  companies  that  master  the  latter  have  an  advantage.  not  only  do  they...  scott  leatherman  pete  kurkowski  100  redwood  shores  parkway  redwood  city,  ca  94065
__label__assetoperationsoptimization expanding  business  opportunities  with  iot  iot  in  manufacturing  isnt  just  about  collecting  data.  its  about  gaining  insights  to  inform  actions  that  help  drive  business  goals  and  create  new  opportunities.  find  use  cases,  stories  and  examples  to  learn  how  azure  iot  tools  are  helping  manufacturers  make  the  most  of  iot  in  their  operations.  explore:  iot  is  the  new  the  differentiator  for  manufacturers,  enabling  them  to  optimize  factory  operations  and  improve  processes.  explore  manufacturing  industry  examples  to  see  how  azure  iot  makes  it  possible  to  work  with  iot  device  data,  drive  business  faster,  and  increase  customer  satisfaction.  download  the  solutions  guide  watch
__label__assetoperationsoptimization its  no  surprise  that  worldwide  technology  spending  on  the  internet  of  things  is  forecasted  to  reach  1.2  trillion  by  2022  idc.  manufacturers  are  looking  to  solve  the  complex  problem  of  consolidating  all  production  systems  ot  and  it  data,  bi,  quality  management,  and  production  processes  into  a  single  data  model.  and  they  know  that  those  who  manage  it  successfully  can  beat  their  competitors  in  the  process.  for  this  reason,  adoption  of  iot  devices  and  services  is  set  to  hit  20  in  2019  idc.  but  the  question  isnt  what,  its  how:  there  are  numerous  industrial  iot  solutions  to  target  a  myriad  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization business  problems,  and  manufacturers  can  only  budget  for  a  few  pocs  or  solutions  at  a  time.  with  so  many  possibilities  for  improvement,  where  will  manufacturers,  investors,  and  governments  choose  to  put  their  money?  based  on  research,  weve  identified  the  trends  that  will  continue  to  gain  traction  in  2019.  these  are  the  actions  manufacturers  will  take  to  better  manage  operations,  deliver  improved  products  and  services,  and  grow  business  smarter.  if  2018  was  the  year  of  iiot  proof  of  concepts,  2019  will  be  the  year  manufacturers  move  from  early  proof  of  concepts  to  deploying  pilots  for  industry  4.0  solutions,  such  as  ,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ,  and  .  industry  4.0  solutions  are  so  new  that  we  still  lack  data  for  much  of  the  roi  from  industry  4.0  initiatives.  here  is  an  example:  predictive  maintenance  is  the  headline  subject  at  practically  all  of  the  recent  and  upcoming  international  industry  4.0  conferences.  but  still  requires  months  of  collecting  enough  data  to  act  upon  before  providing  full  roi.  furthermore,  while  some  manufacturers  have  reached  the  predictive  stage,  very  few  early  adopters  have  reached  the  prescriptive  analytics  phase.  but  that  is  about  to  change.  with  major  players  in  food  beverage,  chemicals,  and  other  giant  industries  deploying  factory  4.0  solutions,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization there  will  be  more  information  about  how  these  solutions  are  effectively  implemented  per  industry  by  this  time  next  year.  ai  and  industrial  iot  are  merging  to  digitize  production  processes  to  increase  productivity  and  reduce  downtime.  are  being  formulated  and  tailored  to  specific  production  line  challenges  such  as  reducing  production  waste,  improving  process  stability,  minimizing  unplanned  downtime,  and  eliminating  process  disturbances  what  does  this  mean  on  a  practical  level?  search  ai  in  manufacturing,  and  youll  read  articles  about  more  accurate  insights  into  the  manufacturing  process,  and  reaching  a  than  was  possible  through  previous  methods.  these  arent  just  superlatives  the  makes  manufacturing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  most  logical  field  for  ai  applications.  ai  and  machine  learning  are  a  wide  umbrella  term  for  a  multitude  of  different  algorithms  and  applications;  many  of  the  trends  below  are  part  of  that  shift  towards  integrating  ai  solutions  into  existing  manufacturing  processes.  ot  and  it  have  been  converging  for  some  time,  and  collaboration  used  to  be  the  goal  but  many  manufacturers  are  taking  their  operational  and  it  data  a  step  further  to  improve  the  relevance  and  accuracy  of  datadriven  insights.  what  is  that  step?  contextualization.  the  only  way  for  manufacturers  to  measure  the  right  data,  and  reach  accurate  conclusions,  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  combining  all  the  relevant  operational  data  from  the  plant  or  line  environment  with  business  context  data  from  the  it  systems.  heres  an  example  of  data  contextualization  in  predictive  maintenance:  a  food  and  beverage  manufacturer  deploys  software  with  machine  learning  algorithms  applied  to  ot  data  from  one  production  line,  searching  for  patterns  that  predict  asset  breakdown.  but  this  software  doesnt  take  into  consideration  alerts  from  quality  control  tests,  or  which  batch  and  product  is  being  manufactured.  so  an  oven  could  overheat  for  specific  recipes  but  without  the  context  of  the  recipe  the  machine  learning  algorithm  could  never  yield  accurate,  actionable
__label__assetoperationsoptimization insights  to  the  production  team.  in  the  coming  year,  manufacturers  will  be  budgeting  for  systems  that  help  them  glean  manufacturing  excellence  insights  through  the  lens  of  process  and  business  data  that  influence  the  production  environment.  24  of  companies  implementing  iot  solutions  already  use  to  increase  safety  and  efficiency  and  ,  that  number  is  about  to  jump.  digital  twins  are  virtual  copies  of  a  physical  entity  that  link  to  the  entity,  often  in  realtime.  in  the  manufacturing  world,  digital  twins  support  many  industry  4.0  solutions,  from  ,  to  predictive  quality,  predictive  maintenance,  inventory  intelligence,  and  supply  chain  optimization.  digital  twins  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization most  commonly  used  in  the  areas  of  design,  modeling  and  simulation,  so  its  not  surprising  that  they  were  a  buzzword  in  2018,  the  year  of  industrial  iot  pilots.  in  2019,  we  will  not  only  see  greater  adoption  of  the  digital  twin  in  general,  but  also  an  expansion  in  their  popular  use:  more  digital  twins  used  to  optimize  production  processes  rather  than  the  individual  assets  in  daytoday  operations  and  processes.  these  full  digital  twins  will  incorporate  process  data  that  will  help  manufacturers  reach  more  accurate  insights,  whether  by  deepdiving  into  individual  machines  or  viewing  the  highlevel  process  architecture  to  identify  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization address  manufacturing  inefficiencies.  early  adopters  are  already  using  digital  twin  software  to  improve  the  accuracy  of  predictive  ai  applications,  and  more  manufacturers  will  adopt  this  approach  in  the  coming  year.  as  devices  become  more  powerful  in  2019,  more  manufacturers  will  take  advantage  of  local  data  processing  and  ai  capabilities,  also  known  as  edge  computing.  by  2020,  iot  sensors  and  devices  will  generate  .  manufacturers  are  for  the  most  part  already  collecting  data,  but  managing  it  via  cloud  computing  puts  a  financial  strain  on  manufacturers  not  to  mention  the  security  risks  of  storing  all  your  raw  data  in  the  cloud.  edge
__label__assetoperationsoptimization computing  helps  businesses  by  analyzing  and  storing  data  close  to  its  source  decrease  time  and  expenses  related  to  data  analytics,  as  well  as  improving  data  security.  imagine  this:  multiple  machines  in  one  production  line  monitoring  vibration  of  machine  components.thats  hundreds  of  data  points  per  second.  uploading  all  that  data  to  the  cloud  for  cleansing,  processing,  aggregating  and  analysis  is  redundant.  in  edge  computing,  each  machine  in  the  line  is  connected  to  an  edge  computer  to  collect,  store,  and  preprocess  ot  data.  the  edge  computer  not  only  processes  vibration  data,  for  example,  but  also  performs  to  select  a  predefined  amount  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization type  of  vibration  data  highs  and  lows  within  a  given  time  frame,  for  example  to  go  to  the  cloud.  even  this  basic  level  of  data  analysis  processing  performed  at  the  source  streamlines  the  process  of  aggregating  production  line  data  to  an  incredible  degree.  there  is  much  less  historical  and  realtime  data  for  machine  learning  algorithms  to  sort  through,  speeding  up  findings  that  could  affect  everything  from  yield  to  uptime  to  product  quality.  edge  computing  also  cuts  down  on  the  cost  of  data  storage  in  a  cloud:  a  dozen  data  points  for  every  ten  thousand  measured.  limiting  the  raw  production  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization sent  to  the  cloud  also  mitigates  data  security  risks.  the  arrival  of  5g  nextgen  mobile  networks  heralds  greater  adoption  of  iiot  applications.  due  to  5g  and  other  advancements  in  mobile  tech,  2019  will  see  a  rise  in  realtime  iiot  applications  and  the  use  of  iiot  for  teams  once  excluded  from  direct  interaction  with  the  technologies  involved.  for  example,  while  many  erp  systems  are  now  integrated  with  industry  4.0  systems  and  even  include  applications,  such  as  mes,  most  of  these  systems  do  not  support  all  the  user  roles  and  business  functions  related  to  the  manufacturing  floor.  this  is  unfortunate,  since  many
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  solutions  forecasted  to  grow  in  adoption,  such  as  operator  productivity  and  inventory  intelligence,  must  be  accessible  to  teams  on  the  factory  floor.  expect  to  see  a  rise  in  companies  offering  apps  specializing  in  different  user  personas,  such  as  quality  management  software  apps,  or  applications  with  different  dashboards  per  business  role.  what  was  once  purely  a  logistical  function,  now  has  their  own  business  models  and  optimization  processes.  coupled  with  this,  onlineconsumer  trends  have  dramatically  changed  customer  expectations  for  ondemand  services,  transparency,  speed,  and  efficiency.  supply  chain  4.0  is  a  way  to  meet  the  new  demands  and  changing  supply  chain
__label__assetoperationsoptimization landscape  through  digitization.  supply  chain  optimization  can  and  does  utilize  many  of  the  other  top  industry  4.0  trends  for  2019:  digital  twins,  mobile  apps,  and  aipowered  predictive  tools.  artificial  intelligence  will  be  imbedded  in  common  supply  chain  processes.  accurate  digitally  map  the  supply  chain  and  realtime  production  and  product  data  create  transparency  and  increase  the  accuracy  of  inventory  data.  faster  advanced  forecasting  tools,  coupled  with  realtime  data  on  spare  parts  supply  and  demand,  will  create  process  where  finished  products  reach  their  destination  faster.  flexible  realtime  data  leaves  room  for  flexibility  in  the  distribution  process  enterprises  are  already  invested  in  securing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization their  ot  infrastructure,  to  the  same  degree  as  they  do  their  it  systems.  however,  the  clear  and  present  threat  to  organizations  cybersecurity,  coupled  with  the  boom  in  industrial  iot  adoption,  will  see  oot  security  and  ics  security  go  mainstream  in  manufacturing  plants,  whatever  the  size  or  industry.  it  wont  be  easy;  securing  iot  devices  or  machines  is  becoming  increasingly  difficult,  so  much  so  that  microsoft  recently  released  a  .  and  with  the  proliferation  of  edge  computing  comes  a  plethora  of  new  industrial  iot  endpoints,  i.e.  devices  with  computational  capabilities  and  network  connectivity  .  so  even  the  bonus  of  securing  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  sending  less  to  the  cloud  comes  with  the  added  risk  of  increase  endpoints.  despite  this,  the  gain  to  businesses  in  developing  smart  production  lines  is  clear  enough  that  securing  data  is  becoming  less  of  a  deterrent  to  manufacturers  who  want  to  increase  yield  and  improve  operational  efficiency  through  ai.  were  seeing  more  and  more  deployment  of  industrial  iot  solutions  that  are  revolutionizing  the  manufacturing  landscape  digitally  transforming  customer  relationships,  differentiating  offerings,  and  driving  massive  operational  improvements  to  meet  the  growing  demands  on  production.  based  on  these  trends,  industrial  iot  early  adopters  are  positioned  to  be  five  times  as  likely
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  generate  revenue  from  industry  4.0  initiatives  compared  to  late  adopters.  but  take  note  companies  must  first  decide  which  business  value  drivers  they  want  to  contribute  to.  only  then,  can  they  align  their  digital  strategy  with  the  business  goals  they  are  targeting  in  order  to  manage,  secure,  and  operate  iot  platforms  and  processes  effectively.  written  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  example,  in  a  factory  environment  where  four  machines  are  running  lots  of  5,000  lbs.,  each  requiring  a  twohour  changeover  upon  completion,  iot  devices  and  analytics  can  work  together  to  determine  that  several  machines  may  finish  their  lots  at  the  same  time  and  that  by  doing  so,  labor  resources  will  be  stretched,  and  changeover  time  will  increase.  with  automated  decision  making,  the  system  could  determine  the  optimal  changes  that  will  result  in  the  least  down  time  and  increase  lot  size  on  some  equipment,  reduce  it  on  others  and  leave  others  unchanged  to  spread  the  changeover  times  to  match  staffing  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization labor  resources  required  to  complete  them.  for  example,  a  factory  may  have  traditionally  scheduled  heavier  lots  near  transit  areas  or  doors  to  make  movement  from  department  to  department  in  the  downstream  easier  for  staff.  however,  with  machine  learning  and  ai  applications,  data  may  be  analyzed  to  determine  that  the  convenient  placement  of  the  lots  may  not  be  the  most  efficient  based  on  data  obtained  from  all  equipment  to  place  the  lots  on  the  optimal  equipment  for  the  best  production.  with  the  arrival  of  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  manufacturers  are  finding  themselves  at  the  forefront  of  fastmoving,  disruptive  and  revolutionary
__label__assetoperationsoptimization change.  among  other  things,  this  change  is  qu...  how  accurate  expectations  can  increase  your  profitability  and  competitive  edge  we  hear  it  all  the  time  from  manufacturers  large  and  small:  the  job  standards  are  wrong.  being  the  nerds  that  we  are,  w...  in  todays  global  economy,  modern  manufacturing  is  highly  competitive,  with  companies  vying  for  market  share  and  often  operating  on  razorthin  margins.  to  maintain  a  competitive  edge,  companies  con...  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  space  is  trending,  as  manufacturing  represents  perhaps  the  largest  greenfield  opportunity  left  for  digitization.  as  deployments  increase,  organizations  are  som...  collaboration  with  industry  leaders  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization drive  value  for  discrete  manufacturers  bostonmachinemetrics,  provider  of  manufacturings  first  industrial  iot  platform  for  machines,  today  announced  the  formati...  manufacturing  is  shifting  into  the  digital  age,  and  its  not  only  the  technologies  that  are  experiencing  a  transformation.  shifting  from  siloed  and  hierarchydriven  business  practices  to  datadriven  d...  industries  change  generally  for  a  few  specific  reasons:  new  technologies  arise  that  present  better  solutions  to  peoples  problems,  people  change  in  a  way  that  presents  new  problems  that  require  better...
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  wearable  devices  increasingly  being  used  on  the  assembly  line,  its  definitely  time  to  update  the  old  expression  that  what  you  wear  says  a  lot  about  you.  a  more  appropriate  thing  for  manufacturers  to  now  say  about  their  assembly  line  workers  is,  what  you  wear  tells  us  a  lot  about  your  productivity.  the  wearable  devices  that  provide  this  crucial  data  include  smartwatches,  wristbands,  gloves  and  headmounted  google  glass.  for  the  last  several  years,  workers  at  agco  corp.  have  used  google  glass  and  the  glass  enterprise  edition  to  follow  instructions  so  their  hands  are  free  to  assemble  tractors  and  crop  applicators.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  approach  has  led  to  a  25  percent  reduction  in  production  time,  fewer  defects  and  the  ability  to  train  staff  300  percent  faster,  notes  peggy  gulick,  director  of  business  process  improvement  at  agco.  the  technology  enables  assemblers  to  scan  a  machines  serial  number  to  instantly  bring  up  a  manual,  photo  or  video  they  may  need  to  build  a  tractor.  in  addition,  employees  can  use  voice  commands  to  take  notes  and  leave  them  for  the  next  shift  worker.  this  allows  for  a  more  seamless  transfer  and  increases  productivity.  assemblers  at  boeing,  general  electric  and  volkswagen  also  use  glass  enterprise,  and  all
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  companies  have  noted  similar  levels  of  increased  productivity.  they  also  like  that  the  device  allows  coworkers  to  instantly  connect  to  share  a  live  video  stream,  or  collaborate  and  troubleshoot  in  real  time.  within  glass  enterprise  are  tiny  sensors  that  continually  capture  workerperformance  data,  which  is  crucial  to  optimizing  an  iiotenabled  assembly  line.  equally  important,  however,  is  data  that  quantifies  the  productivity  of  machines  and  can  be  used  to  predict  when  they  require  maintenance.  to  obtain  this  information,  some  companies  use  rugged  mobile  devices  like  tablets  and  handheld  computers,  while  others  rely  on  stationary  technologies  such  as  smart  sensors  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cloudconnected  controllers.  in  every  case,  though,  the  goal  is  the  same:  being  able  to  access  this  data  whenever  they  want  from  wherever  they  are.  many  components  are  needed  to  develop  an  iiotenabled  assembly  line.  but,  none  are  more  important  than  sensorsbe  they  simple  or  smart,  hidden  or  visible.  simple  sensors  either  detect  the  presence  of  something  or  trigger  a  function  related  to  assembly,  testing,  inspection  or  shipping.  data  from  this  detection  or  function  is  interpreted  into  a  usable  format,  then  sent  to  and  stored  in  a  connected  electronic  device  plc,  pc,  etc..  smart  sensors,  in  contrast,  have  the  ability  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization perform  multiple  tasks,  store  all  related  data  and  send  it  to  one  or  more  connected  machines,  or  an  offsite  storage  cloud.  wearable  and  mobile  devices  contain  builtin  sensors,  as  do  various  assembly  machines.  these  sensors  capture  and  continuously  stream  extensive  data  related  to  force,  temperature,  pressure,  motion  detection,  proximity  and  other  factors.  one  major  benefit  of  operating  equipment  with  builtin  iiotspecific  sensors  is  they  can  perform  selfdiagnostics,  thereby  helping  manufacturers  maximize  machine  uptime.  the  sensors  do  this  by  automatically  alerting  an  operator  when  a  part  isnt  working  right,  where  a  potential  problem  is,  and  what  is  wrong,  or  is  about
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  go  wrong.  as  for  visible  sensors,  they  can  be  seen  at  various  locations  along  the  assembly  line,  usually  next  to  or  integrated  with  automated  systems.  these  sensors  perform  functions  as  diverse  as  detecting  or  measuring  parts,  verifying  an  assembly  or  that  a  cylinder  has  actuated,  and  counting  finished  assemblies.  theres  always  a  desire  by  manufacturers  to  have  more  data  to  make  betterinformed  decisions,  and  smart  sensors  definitely  meet  that  need,  says  roger  altendorf,  product  marketing  manager  for  position  sensors  at  baumer  ltd.  these  sensors  primarily  help  predict  equipment  maintenance,  but  theyre  also  proving  beneficial  for  assembly  applications.  altendorf  cites
__label__assetoperationsoptimization three  examples  at  an  iiotenabled  automotive  assembly  plant  to  prove  his  point.  on  one  line,  many  of  these  sensors  are  used  to  validate  the  size,  color  and  thickness  of  floor  mats  for  each  vehicle  produced.  other  sensors  are  used  at  the  start  of  another  line  to  confirm  that  each  fuse  is  the  correct  color.  and  at  the  end  of  that  line,  yet  more  smart  sensors  validate  that  a  robot  has  placed  each  color  of  fuse  in  the  correct  location  within  a  fuse  box.  all  baumer  smart  sensors  made  since  2010  feature  the  iolink  interface,  which  quickly  transmits  measured  values  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization parameter  data  i.e.,  measuring  ranges  and  switchable  distances  in  both  communications  directions.  this  interface  allows  a  connection  between  the  sensor  and  an  iolink  master  via  a  three  or  fourwire  standard  cable,  and  transmits  digital  signals  lossfree  without  any  need  for  conversion.  recently,  baumer  introduced  its  series  of  miniature  o200  photoelectric  sensors.  these  sensors  are  designed  for  complex  detection  tasks,  such  as  detecting  transparent  and  reflective  objects.  one  model  operates  as  a  throughbeam  sensor,  and  another  model  features  smartreflect,  which  provides  a  reflectorless  light  barrier.  two  other  sensors  in  the  series  are  retroreflective.  the  remaining  three  work  as  diffuse  sensors  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization background  suppression.  altendorf  says  that  electronics  manufacturers  often  use  these  sensors  to  validate  the  assembly  of  circuit  boards  in  electronic  devices,  fuse  blocks  with  blind  spots,  and  glass  covers  on  cell  phones.  the  sensors  are  also  ideal  for  positioning  grippers  and  reliably  detecting  small  shiny  or  transparent  objects  in  assembly  and  handling  applications.  baumer  ir  18  inductive  proximity  sensors  are  suitable  for  both  distance  measurement  and  object  detection  of  metal  targets.  their  measurement  signal  is  unaffected  by  the  color  and  shape  of  an  object,  and  they  have  a  range  of  up  to  15  millimeters.  one  common  assembly  line  use  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ur18  sensors  is  verifying  the  presence  and  correct  depth  of  several  screws  in  engine  clutches  and  manifolds.  another  is  verifying  that  a  grippers  open  position  is  correct  so  it  can  efficiently  grab  screws  or  bolts  with  heads  as  small  as  10  millimeters  in  diameter.  a  third  is  confirming  that  tubs  in  clothes  washers  are  properly  positioned.  futek  advanced  sensor  technology  inc.  has  made  sensors  for  more  than  30  years,  with  an  emphasis  on  sensors  that  measure  force  and  torque.  the  company  also  makes  custom  sensors,  plus  electronics  and  software.  it  serves  an  array  of  industries,  but  specializes  in  medical  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization aerospacerelated  applications.  for  example,  two  models  of  their  sensorsthe  qla295  and  qma118are  currently  operating  on  the  mars  rover  curiosity.  all  of  their  sensors  can  be  offered  as  usb  compatible,  including  when  the  application  involves  complex  integration,  notes  john  vargas,  sales  director  at  futek.  the  sensors  connector  cable  has  a  usb  port  at  the  end  that  connects  to  a  plc,  pc,  assembly  equipment  or  mobile  device  that  can  store  and  analyze  all  sensor  performance  data.  the  goal  of  this  design  is  to  simplify  endusers  integration  concerns.  futek  often  customizes  standard  iiot  requirements  to  meet  those  of  select  customers.  to  meet  manufacturers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization future  iiot  needs,  however,  futek  is  planning  to  release  a  series  of  bluetoothenabled  rotary  torque  sensors  this  fall.  data  from  these  sensors  will  be  immediately  available  on  all  compatible  mobile  devices.  the  sensors  will  provide  live  feedback  on  various  assembly  processes,  notes  vargas.  when  tied  to  a  stepper  motor  or  actuator,  for  example,  the  sensor  will  confirm  if  the  unit  has  reached  proper  torque.  it  knows  what  can  wrong  if  the  torque  isnt  reached,  and  it  can  inform  a  technician  what  action  to  take  to  repair  faulty  parts,  like  overworn  bearings.  research  by  the  imarc  group  estimates  that  the  global
__label__assetoperationsoptimization industrial  wearable  devices  market  reached  a  value  of  1.5  billion  in  2017.  this  market  includes  devices  used  in  manufacturing  and  logistics,  as  well  as  healthcare  and  lifestyle  applications.  imarc  projects  the  market  value  to  exceed  2.6  billion  by  2023,  expanding  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  9.6  percent  from  2018  to  2023.  manufacturers  in  all  industries  are  happy  to  contribute  to  this  growing  market,  and  each  wearable  device  supplier  is  ready  to  serve  it  in  a  niche  way.  tempe,  azbased  gox  labs,  for  instance,  offers  three  products  to  optimize  assembly  worker  productivity  by  improving  safety  and  wellness.  gox  labs
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  a  spinoff  of  gox  studio,  which  was  cofounded  in  2007  by  joseph  hitt  and  bruce  floersheim.  both  men  are  servicedisabled  army  officers  who  have  taught  at  the  u.s.  military  academy  and  become  recognized  experts  in  the  field  of  wearable  robotics.  in  addition,  hitt  is  the  executive  director  of  the  wearable  robotics  association,  and  floersheim  is  its  director  of  operations.  gox  studio  introduced  the  ergo  lite  smartwatch  in  2015  to  help  workers  who  do  overhead  assembly  monitor  their  maximum  oxygen  volume  vo  level,  heart  rate,  steps,  cadence  and  rate  of  perceived  exertion.  when  any  of  these  factors  reach  an  unsafe
__label__assetoperationsoptimization level,  the  watch  vibrates,  meaning  the  worker  should  take  a  short  break.  sensors  in  the  watch  constantly  provide  haptic  feedback  and  send  data  to  the  cloud,  which,  in  turn,  sends  data  back  to  an  artificial  intelligence  algorithm  in  the  watch,  explains  benjamin  bronson,  chief  marketing  officer  at  gox  labs.  this  algorithm  sorts  through  data  and  automatically  triggers  a  vibration  if  the  data  signals  a  dangerous  level  of  any  factor  being  monitored,  but  especially  vo  .  in  2017,  the  company  developed  the  ergo  system  that  combines  the  smartwatch  and  a  motion  pad  worn  on  the  collar.  within  this  pad  are  five
__label__assetoperationsoptimization sensors  that  produce  data  related  to  fatigue,  force,  form,  fitness  and  the  environment  as  the  worker  performs  bending  and  lifting.  the  pad  also  communicates  with  the  smartwatch  to  let  it  know  when  the  person  has  an  unsafe  level  of  vo  .  last  year,  gox  introduced  ergo  pro,  which  adds  patented  smart  insoles  that  measure  force  for  balance  and  weight  lifted.  the  ergo  and  ergo  pro  systems  can  benefit  any  worker  on  the  line  who  repeatedly  does  lifting  and  bending,  explains  bronson.  the  systems  accurately  record  and  transmit  data  measuring  the  degree  and  rate  of  movement.  bending  and  lifting  slowly  at
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  proper  angle  is  ok,  but  performing  either  action  too  quickly  or  bent  at  the  wrong  angle  is  bad.  aware  of  worker  privacy  concerns,  gox  and  endusers  make  sure  that  an  onsite  health  administrator  is  the  only  person  with  access  to  all  performance  data  for  each  individual.  however,  plant  managers  and  administrators  are  allowed  to  regularly  check  aggregate  data  and  look  for  worker  productivity  problems  based  on  a  specific  task,  work  shift  or  workstation.  each  worker  can  check  his  or  her  complete  individual  data  on  the  watch.  the  health  administrator  and  plant  personnel  are  required  to  login  into  the  gox
__label__assetoperationsoptimization website  to  view  the  data  available  to  them,  although  this  can  be  done  on  mobile  devices  or  a  stationary  computer.  bronson  says  manufacturers  in  a  wide  range  of  industries  are  using  one  or  more  ergo  systems.  these  include  automotive,  appliance,  electronics,  shipbuilding,  aerospace  and  national  defense.  people  connectivity  is  the  next  phase  of  iiot,  especially  in  manufacturing,  predicts  bronson.  within  five  years,  well  have  the  internet  of  everything  and  everybody.  last  july,  clemson  university  student  matthew  krugh  received  an  honorable  mention  award  in  robotics  and  automation  from  stemsoftware  maker  maplesoft  for  his  augmented  associate  wearable  glove.  sponsored  by  the  bmw
__label__assetoperationsoptimization manufacturing  co.,  this  glove  is  used  when  assembly  involves  one  or  more  electrical  connections.  the  glove  works  in  conjunction  with  an  oppositehand  smartwatch  and  features  one  sound  sensor  between  the  thumb  and  forefinger,  and  another  near  the  shoulder.  there  are  also  flexible  force  sensors  on  the  thumb  and  first  three  fingers,  a  realtime  clock,  and  a  housing  on  the  top  of  the  wrist  that  contains  a  nineaxis  inertial  measurement  unit  and  an  integrated  microcontroller.  during  assembly,  sensorgenerated  data  is  quickly  gathered.  the  force  sensors  measure  the  amount  of  force  applied  by  each  finger  to  the  male  part  being  inserted  into
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  female  part.  in  turn,  the  sound  sensors  measure  the  click  of  the  insertion.  after  assembly,  the  sensor  data  is  analyzed  to  determine  if  the  assembly  process  was  successful  or  not.  this  involves  the  microcontroller  wirelessly  sending  data  through  a  nearby  aggregator  to  the  cloud  for  process  analytics,  and  receiving  the  result  back  before  sending  it  to  the  watch.  after  briefly  vibrating,  the  watch  displays  either  a  green  check  for  pass  when  the  clicking  sound  is  loud  enough,  or  a  red  x  for  fail.  all  process  data  is  stored  in  the  cloud.  krugh  developed  the  glove  at  clemsons  vehicle  assembly
__label__assetoperationsoptimization center,  and  used  it  on  the  centers  prototype  assembly  line.  bmw  plans  to  soon  perform  assembly  line  trials  with  the  glove  at  the  automakers  plant  in  spartanburg,  sc.  the  ironhand  glove,  from  bioservo  technologies  ab,  connects  to  a  power  unit  that  is  worn  like  a  backpack.  pressure  sensors  within  the  glove  trigger  servomotors  within  the  power  unit  and  give  the  wearer  a  more  powerful  grip,  which  is  easily  adjusted  for  each  application.  the  gloves  soft  extra  muscle  strengthening  technology  merges  neuroscience,  mechatronics  and  robotics,  and  increases  worker  endurance  for  manual  assembly  tasks.  all  collected  data  can  be  analyzed  to  assess
__label__assetoperationsoptimization workers  and  classify  them  as  a  high  or  low  ergonomic  risk.  karlsruhe,  germanybased  kinemic  offers  a  wristband  that  allows  users  to  control  devices  using  gestures  or  an  airmouse  by  simply  writing  in  the  air.  hand  and  arm  movements  are  recorded  on  the  band,  which  then  translates  them  into  gestures  or  text.  the  bands  software  easily  integrates  with  androidbased  and  other  mobile  devices,  allowing  for  their  completely  handsfree  operation.  another  wristband  designed  to  help  assembly  line  workers  is  ford  motor  cos  portable  quality  assurance  device.  when  connected  to  a  smartphone  app,  the  bluetoothenabled  device  helps  workers  make  faster  and  more  accurate
__label__assetoperationsoptimization quality  checks  on  new  vehicles.  specific  quality  inspection  requirements  for  each  vehicle  that  passes  along  the  assembly  line  are  displayed  on  the  devices  touchscreen.  the  worker  is  then  able  to  instantly  follow  up  and  approve.  according  to  ford,  the  system  has  reduced  human  error,  while  shortening  each  vehicle  check  by  an  average  of  seven  seconds.  ford  initially  used  the  device  at  its  valencia,  spain,  plant  in  early  2016.  it  is  now  used  in  many  other  company  plants  as  well.  rugged  tablets  are  increasingly  being  used  on  assembly  lines  for  iiot  purposes.  last  summer,  profshare  market  research  released  a  study  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization estimated  the  devices  global  market  value  to  be  425.3  million  in  2016.  the  group  expects  that  total  to  increase  to  794.8  million  by  2026,  with  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  5.8  percent  over  the  next  seven  years.  other  related  research  reports,  including  one  by  technavio,  cite  two  key  reasons  for  the  devices  increasing  popularity.  the  first  is  a  fall  in  their  average  selling  price.  another  is  manufacturers  growing  need  for  paperless,  onthefly  data  management  systems  that  store  data  and  extract  useful  information  using  data  analytics.  when  it  comes  to  rugged  mobile  tablets,  manufacturers  are  more  knowledgeable  than  ever  about
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  devices  capabilities  and  what  they  can  do  for  them  on  the  assembly  line  and  throughout  the  plant,  notes  john  e.  chis,  vice  president  of  sales  and  marketing  at  mobiledemand  l.c.  equally  important,  the  collaboration  between  the  it  and  operations  departments  at  these  manufacturers  has  never  been  better,  with  both  groups  fully  understanding  the  beneficial  impact  these  devices  have  on  workers  and  customers,  as  well  as  the  quick  roi  they  provide.  mobiledemand  l.c.  has  been  making  rugged  tablets  since  2003,  with  its  first  customer  being  anheuserbusch  distributor  bemiss  distributing  co.  in  2004.  today,  mobiledemand  makes  10  tablets,  including  its  latest
__label__assetoperationsoptimization model  for  high  performance  and  productivity,  the  xtablet  t1680.  measuring  11.6  inches  in  diameter  and  featuring  a  windows  10  operating  system,  the  xtablet  t1680  mounts  easily  on  assembly  equipment  and  forklifts.  it  is  rugged  enough  to  meet  the  milstd  810g,  which  requires  a  device  be  fully  functional  after  a  4foot  drop.  the  tablet  easily  connects  to  a  dualband  wifi  plant  network  using  bluetooth  5.0  technology.  other  features  include  an  8th  generation  intel  core  i58250u  processor,  an  8megapixel  camera,  four  sensors  accelerometer,  gyroscope,  ecompass  and  light,  a  builtin  microphone  and  i/o  ports  for  usb  3.0.,  auxiliary  devices  3.5  millimeter,  power  dc
__label__assetoperationsoptimization barrel  jack,  and  standard  sim  and  microsd  cards.  one  countertop  maker  uses  the  tablet  to  improve  quality  control  by  ensuring  exact  measurements  when  cutting  rigid  materials.  workers  at  steel  mills  also  use  stored  measurement  data  to  consistently  ensure  exact  cutting  and  slitting  of  steel  slabs.  automotive,  appliance  and  plastics  manufacturers  regularly  use  rugged  tablets,  notes  mark  boyer,  senior  technical  support  manager  at  mobiledemand.  one  latter  customer  mounts  a  10inch  tablet  at  the  front  of  each  assembly  line  in  a  plant  where  totes,  laundry  baskets  and  garbage  cans  are  produced.  the  tablets  carefully  monitor  the  uptime  and  downtime  of  each  line,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  feed  this  information  to  an  80inch  display  panel  positioned  near  the  plants  ceiling  rafter  for  all  to  see.  mobiledemand  introduced  its  firstever  handheld  device,  the  a680,  earlier  this  year.  it  features  a  6inch  display,  an  android  8.1  enterpriseready  os  platform,  a  media  tek  mt8735b  quad  core  engine  for  high  efficiency,  and  various  apps.  the  device  is  lightweight  0.84  pound,  rated  ip65  for  sealing  protection  from  water  and  dust,  and  connects  to  a  dualband  wifi  plant  network  via  bluetooth  4.0.  it  also  comes  with  an  integrated  bar  code  reader  and  is  google  mobile  services  certified.  per  holmberg,  ceo  of  jlt
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mobile  computers,  says  the  company  sees  an  increasing  demand  for  androidoperatingsystem  models  within  many  of  its  core  segments,  including  warehouse  logistics,  transportation,  ports,  mining  and  agriculture  markets.  this  trend  led  the  company  to  launch  three  new  units  last  october:  the  5inchmh1005arugged  handheld,  and  7inchmt1007aand  10inch  mt2010a  rugged  tablets.  all  devices  are  powered  by  arm  cortexa53  octacore  1.3gigahertz  processors,  and  come  with  brightsunlightviewable  displays  and  a  capacitive  multitouch  screen.  front  and  rear  integrated  cameras  are  standard,  along  with  a  nearfield  communication  reader  for  capturing  data.  1d  and  2d  bar  code  readers  are  optional.  for  maximum  productivity,  the  units  include  wifi,  bluetooth,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gps  and  mobile  broadband,  and  provide  fullshift  battery  life.  they  are  ip65  dustproof  and  water  resistant,  capable  of  operating  in  temperatures  of  10  to  50  c,  and  meet  milstd810g  requirements  for  durability.  machines,  robots,  plcs  and  sensors  are  ever  present  in  manufacturing  facilities  worldwide.  the  problem  is,  they  typically  use  different  communication  protocols  and  run  independently.  an  industrial  iiot  controller  can  overcome  these  communications  barriers  by  enabling  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  big  scada  of  all  factory  operations,  along  with  data  analytics  using  the  plants  cloud  computing  network.  oems  in  various  industries  integrate  the  ex700  series  of  hmicontrollers  from  exor
__label__assetoperationsoptimization america  inc.  in  assembly  machines  to  enhance  their  data  gathering,  storage  and  analysis  capabilities.  users  include  manufacturers  that  produce  equipment  for  food  and  beverage  packaging,  and  machines  that  make  hvac  systems,  metal  parts,  industrial  freezers  and  even  chicken  incubators,  according  to  matt  durbin,  engineering  manager  at  exor  america.  he  says  the  hmicontrollers  can  also  be  retrofit  on  older  equipment  to  make  them  iiot  compatible.  the  units  feature  an  external  touch  screen  that  measures  up  to  21.5  inches  in  diameter  with  a  resolution  up  to  1,920  by  1,080  pixels.  displayed  on  the  screen  are  various  types  of  realtime,  machine  performance  data.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  builtin  vnc  function  allows  the  hmi  screen  data  to  be  mirrored  on  tablets,  androidbased  smartphones  and  other  portable  devices  for  immediate  tracking  by  engineers  and  managers.  there  are  five  models  in  the  series  ex705,  ex707,  ex710,  ex715  and  ex721,  all  of  which  offer  three  ports  for  networking,  and  can  function  as  a  cloud  gateway  via  an  opc  ua  server.  connectivity  is  secured  with  corvina,  an  open  virtual  private  network,  and  full  network  separation.  the  hmicontrollers  also  run  jmobile  software  and  have  a  powerful  browser  with  industry  standard  web  engines.  codesys  v3  is  optional  software  that  enables  the  hmicontroller  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization function  as  a  master  plc,  and  send  and  receive  data  over  ethernet  using  major  protocols.also  optional  are  plugin  modules  for  fieldbus  systems,  more  i/o  and  other  controllers.  these  controllers  offer  an  allinone  solution,  by  optimizing  worker  control,  machine  control  and  cloud  control,  notes  durbin.  they  serve  as  an  access  point  to  collect  assembly  line  data  from  machine  sensors,  and  push  this  data  on  to  the  storage  cloud.  the  nx1  controller  from  omron  automation  features  multicore  technology  that  executes  machine  control  tasks  while  collecting  and  sending  synchronized  data  from  sensors,  servomotors  and  other  devices  to  a  host  it  system.  only  66
__label__assetoperationsoptimization millimeters  wide,  the  controller  houses  ethernet/ip,  ethercat  and  opc  ua  portsthe  latter  being  specifically  designed  for  iiot  applications.  all  three  ports  enable  data  usage  at  production  sites  and  provide  an  intuitive,  secure  connection  to  host  it  systems.  production  information  is  directly  stored  in  databases,  eliminating  the  need  for  a  pc  or  middleware,  ensuring  realtime  traceability  of  all  products  and  improving  quality  control.  the  controller  provides  control  of  i/o  and  motion  on  up  to  12  axes,  and  within  a  1millisecond  cycle  time.  jim  is  a  senior  editor  of  assembly  and  has  more  than  30  years  of  editorial  experience.  before  joining  assembly,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization camillo  was  the  editor  of  pm  engineer  ,  association  for  facilities  engineering  journal  and  milling  journal  .  jim  has  an  english  degree  from  depaul  university.  you  must  have  javascript  enabled  to  enjoy  a  limited  number  of  articles  over  the  next  30  days.  for  webinar  sponsorship  information,  visit  or  email  .  this  text  introduces  students  to  a  solid  background  in  the  basic  principles  and  practices  of  welding.  copyright  2019.  all  rights  reserved  bnp  media.  design,  cms,  hosting  web  development  ::
__label__assetoperationsoptimization get  a  quote  91  1234  44  4444  iot  in  manufacturing  may  16,  2019  by  akash  kapur  in  the  world  of  manufacturing,  production  systems  and  processes  have  long  been  a  source  of  competitive  advantage.  take  the  case  of  toyota:  the  justintime  system  of  manufacturing  employed  by  toyota  allows  them  to  produce  highquality  vehicles  at  lower  costs,  in  lesser  time.  this  has  helped  establish  them  as  a  leading  car  manufacturer  across  the  globe.  but  having  a  good  process  alone  is  not  enough.  what  differentiates  toyota  from  the  others  in  the  industry  is  their  principle  of  continuous  improvement  which  gives  them  theability  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization upgrade  and  update  their  processes  at  a  pace  that  is  difficult  to  match.  today,  with  the  advent  of  industry  4.0,  manufacturers  across  industries  can  now  achieve  even  higher  efficiencies  at  lower  costs.  a  large  part  of  this  change  is  driven  by  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot.  as  per  an  idc  report,  global  spending  on  iot  will  reach  745  billion  in  2019.  the  manufacturing  industry  is  leading  the  pack  in  this,  with  an  expected  expenditure  of  119  billion  in  discrete  manufacturing,  and  78  billion  in  process  manufacturing.  in  this  context,  let  us  explore  how  iot  is  transforming  the  manufacturing  industry.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  broadly  refers  to  the  addition  of  internet  connectivity  into  everyday  devices.  these  devices  and  machines  are  embedded  with  hardware  and  software  that  allows  them  to  share  information  among  each  other  over  the  internet,  without  human  intervention.  it  also  allows  them  to  be  monitored  and  controlled  remotely.  industrial  iot  refers  to  the  use  of  these  technologies  directly  in  the  manufacturing  process.  iiot  devices  can  be  used  to  collect  data  for  the  purpose  of  analytics  and  smart  decision  making,  helping  automate  and  enhance  several  manufacturing  processes.  iot  has  already  been  implemented  in  various  ways  by  different  organizations.  the  robotics  firm  abb
__label__assetoperationsoptimization uses  iot  for  the  purpose  of  predictive  maintenance  explained  below.  airbus  has  implemented  iot  as  a  part  of  its  factory  of  the  future  initiative  in  an  effort  to  bolster  productivity.  how  can  you  implement  iot  for  your  manufacturing  needs?  lets  explore  some  use  cases.  one  of  the  biggest  advantages  iot  offers  manufacturers  is  the  ability  to  predict  machine  failures,  thus  enabling  them  to  carry  out  proactive  maintenance  activities.  this  is  what  is  known  as  predictive  maintenance.  how  does  this  work?  to  make  use  of  predictive  maintenance,  manufacturers  install  iot  sensors  on  various  machines  and  devices  used  in  the  production  process.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization these  sensors  monitor  the  environment  and  the  condition  of  the  machines.  for  example,  one  sensor  could  monitor  the  temperature  of  the  machine,  while  others  could  monitor  sound  frequencies  or  vibrations  from  the  machine.  if  the  temperature  of  the  machine  rises  beyond  normal  levels  or  theres  a  change  in  the  sound/vibrations  of  the  machine,  the  sensors  will  alert  the  staff.  this  allows  them  to  take  immediate  action  and  fix  the  issue  before  it  causes  a  breakdown.  this,  in  turn,  reduces  machine  downtime,  saving  on  costs  and  increasing  the  overall  effectiveness  of  the  factory.  this  process  is  known  as  condition  monitoring  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  be  quite  timeintensive  when  done  by  a  human.  manual  checking  also  always  has  some  room  for  error.  the  ability  of  iot  systems  to  quickly  collect  and  analyze  data  makes  it  easier  to  predict  the  failure  of  a  machine  or  part.  iot  can  also  be  used  in  safety  systems  to  warn  workers  and  help  them  evacuate  if  theres  a  threat  of  imminent  disaster.  for  example,  if  an  oil  well  is  at  the  risk  of  blowing  out,  sensors  can  detect  changes  in  pressure,  drilling  rates,  and  other  indicators,  and  warn  the  workers  in  advance.  in  the  case  of  an  emergency,  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization trackers  can  also  be  used  to  locate  workers,  making  it  easier  for  rescue  teams  to  evacuate  them.  location  tracking  is  yet  another  key  benefit  offered  by  iiot.  in  large  manufacturing  plants,  inventory  lots  can  span  miles.  tracking  a  specific  item  in  this  lot  can  be  a  timeconsuming  and  difficult  process.  while  amazon  and  others  have  come  up  with  ways  of  accurately  tracking  the  storage  of  their  inventory,  these  solutions  lack  one  important  thing  that  iiot  can  offer:  realtime  monitoring.  iiot  trackers  can  give  plant  managers  and  workers  a  live  update  of  each  items  location.  embedded  into  each  tool/item,  these  devices
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  continuously  update  the  company  cloud  with  their  location  using  gps  or  other  methods.  from  tools  and  machinery  to  finished  goods,  every  item  can  be  tracked  in  realtime,  making  it  easier  to  locate.  this  saves  on  the  time  spent  locating  a  particular  tool  or  an  item.  applying  iot  trackers  across  the  value  chain  can  give  managers  realtime  visibility  of  available  raw  materials,  work  in  progress,  finished  goods  inventory  and  the  estimated  time  of  arrival  of  new  inputs.  this  can  help  them  optimize  their  production.  it  can  also  help  mitigate  the  bullwhip  effect  which  often  leads  to  inefficiencies  in  the  supply
__label__assetoperationsoptimization chain.  as  managers  will  have  a  complete  view  of  how  much  of  an  item  has  been  sold  or  is  unsold,  how  much  is  in  inventory  and  how  much  is  in  production,  they  will  be  able  to  take  better  production  decisions.  as  briefly  discussed  in  our  article  on  the  applications  of  blockchain  in  healthcare,  iot  sensors  can  also  be  used  to  track  the  environmental  conditions  of  a  package  being  transported.  this  is  especially  useful  for  industries  producing  perishable  goods  which  require  specific  storage  conditions  pharmaceuticals,  food,  etc..  depending  on  the  changes  experienced  in  the  environment,  the  devices  can  automatically  update  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization products  expiration  dates.  it  can  also  help  manufacturers  identify  stages  at  which  these  issues  occur  and  look  at  ways  to  counter  them.  another  use  of  iot  sensors  could  be  to  monitor  the  consumption  of  resources  by  each  device  at  each  stage  of  the  production  process.  this  can  help  manufacturers  identify  how  much  of  each  resource  is  consumed  and  for  what  process.  it  can  be  useful  in  identifying  leakages  in  the  system  and  identifying  opportunities  for  process  improvement.  this  is  not  all.  apart  from  collecting  and  analyzing  data,  iot  can  also  be  used  to  automate  and  enhance  the  production  process.  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization linking  sensors  to  the  actuators  that  are  involved  in  and  can  be  used  to  modify  production  processes,  over  a  network,  factories  can  achieve  higher  production  efficiencies.  all  that  is  needed  is  to  convert  the  readings  from  sensors  into  instructions  for  the  actuators  and  communicate  these  over  the  factory  network.  here  are  two  ways  in  which  iot  can  ensure  smarter  production:  by  installing  a  large  number  of  sensors  at  each  step  of  the  production  process,  factories  can  achieve  much  greater  granularity  in  monitoring.  these  sensors  can  be  used  to  feed  data  to  a  central  computer  or  a  host  of  computers.  these,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  turn,  analyze  the  data  received  and  then  send  instructions  to  the  actuators  to  modify  processes  as  needed.  for  example,  computers  can  command  the  actuators  to  adjust  the  temperature,  modify  the  mixture  of  ingredients,  readjust  the  position  of  an  object  on  the  assembly  line,  and  more.  the  first  example  comes  in  handy  in  industries  like  paper  production.  paper  production  often  requires  frequent  adjustments  to  the  temperatures  of  lime  kilns.  this  is  currently  done  manually,  which  limits  a  plants  productivity.  the  last  example  is  particularly  useful  on  an  assembly  line  as  even  small  displacements  in  a  parts  position  on  the  line
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  damage  tools  and  halt  the  production  process.  by  automating  these  processes  using  iot,  one  can  increase  the  speed  with  which  such  changes  can  take  place.  this  will  lead  to  faster,  more  responsive  production.  the  application  of  smart  meters  can  be  extended  to  include  inputs  regarding  the  pricing  of  resources  at  various  times  of  the  day.  by  providing  granular  data  regarding  the  number  of  resources  being  consumed  and  the  cost  per  unit  of  each  resource,  these  sensors  can  help  intelligent  manufacturing  systems  adjust  production  to  lower  overall  costs.  for  example,  processes  requiring  a  large  amount  of  electricity  could  be  scheduled
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  lowerpriced  offpeak  hours.  inputs  from  these  sensors  can  also  be  used  to  optimize  resource  consumption  by  powering  off  underused  equipment.  work  being  sent  to  underused  equipment  can  be  balanced  among  the  other  equipment  in  use,  thus  reducing  the  overall  resource  expenditure.  iot  is  a  powerful  technological  tool  that  can  help  businesses  reinvent  and  revitalize  their  processes.  at  analysts,  our  iot  services  empower  organizations  to  transform  their  business  needs  into  innovative  iot  solutions.  our  comprehensive  set  of  services  provide  clients  with  the  endtoend  capabilities  they  need  to  address  industryspecific  opportunities.  get  updates  on  our  latest  blogs,  thought  leadership  and  success
__label__assetoperationsoptimization stories  right  in  your  inbox.  any  personal  information  shared  will  remain  private  and  confidential.  analysts  use  cookies  to  improve  the  functionality,  performance,  and  effectiveness  of  our  communications.  for  more  information  on  our  data  policies,  please  visit  our  .  by  continuing  to  use  this  site,  or  by  clicking  i  agree,  you  consent  to  the  use  of  cookies.  .  this  website  uses  cookies  so  that  we  can  provide  you  with  the  best  user  experience  possible.  cookie  information  is  stored  in  your  browser  and  performs  functions  such  as  recognising  you  when  you  return  to  our  website  and  helping  our  team  to  understand  which
__label__assetoperationsoptimization sections  of  the  website  you  find  most  interesting  and  useful.  strictly  necessary  cookie  should  be  enabled  at  all  times  so  that  we  can  save  your  preferences  for  cookie  settings.  if  you  disable  this  cookie,  we  will  not  be  able  to  save  your  preferences.  this  means  that  every  time  you  visit  this  website  you  will  need  to  enable  or  disable  cookies  again.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  multipart  series,  delving  into  new  themes  monthly.  6  minute  read  vmware  technology  is  advancing  the  ways  we  create,  and  experience,  our  spaces  to  secure  a  smart  future,  manufacturers  are  leveraging  the  internet  of  things  to  reshape  product  development  and  production.  selecting  the  right  infrastructure  is  crucial  for  success.  he  first  half  of  the  digital  revolution  was  about  allowing  them  to  share  ideas,  experiences,  memories,  and  more  with  others  halfway  across  the  globe  the  second  half  will  be  about  enabling  machines  to  talk  to  each  other,  using  cloudconnected  iot  devices  to  help  automate  the  creation  and  delivery  of  products.  manufacturers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  bullish  in  their  assessment  of  iots  potential.  for  example,  in  the  industrial  manufacturing  sector  have  an  ongoing  initiative.  in  a  smart  factory,  previously  disparate  systems  and  devices  become  connected  so  the  stream  of  data  they  produce  can  be  turned  into  actionable  insights.  exploring  what  happens  when  possibility  becomes  reality.  see  more:  most  of  iots  value  will  likely  come  from  its  ability  to  optimize  operations.  but  iot  has  the  power  to  radically  reshape  every  aspect  of  product  development  and  delivery,  from  the  plant  floor  to  the  value  chain:  its  an  expectation  now  that  the  iot  will  fundamentally  change  not  only
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  computer  industry,  but  also  society,  says  greg  bollella,  vmware  vice  president  in  the  office  of  the  cto.  the  iot  will  be  a  significant  driver  of  whats  coming  to  be  known  as  the  fourth  industrial  revolution.  the  possible  applications  of  iot  in  manufacturing  are  almost  endless  .  and  therein  lies  the  challenge.  in  the  past,  operational  technology  ot  and  information  technology  it  were  separate  domains,  staffed  by  experts  with  limited  knowledge  and  understanding  of  their  counterparts  requirements.  however,  the  demands  that  this  siloed  approach  be  dismantled  and  replaced  with  a  unified  infrastructure  that  treats  the  different  elements  of  ot  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  as  complementary  cogs  within  the  same  process  wheel.  moreover,  becomes  a  more  important  issue  for  both  ot  and  it.  if  the  multitudes  of  connected  devices  and  systems  are  not  secured  properly,  hackers,  hostile  governments,  and  competitors  can  gain  access  to  sensitive  information  or  disrupt  operations.  as  a  result,  manufacturers  need  to  build  an  infrastructure  that  closes  the  gap  between  ot  and  it,  while  minimizing  security  risks.  the  proliferation  of  iot  gateways  and  iotenabled  cyberphysical  systems  present  huge  security  and  management  challenges,  bollella  says.  we  believe  that  ultimately  it  organizations  and  professionals  will  be  asked  to  manage,  secure,  and  maintain
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  infrastructure  underlying  many  of  these  iot  solutions.  from  an  operational  perspective,  downtime  has  always  been  enemy  number  one.  iot  helps  manufacturers  minimize  downtime  by  providing  realtime  visibility  over  the  status  of  every  machine  in  the  factory.  but  thats  not  all.  once  the  machines  are  connected  to  a  single  management  platform,  machine  failure  parameters  can  be  continuously  measured  and  analyzed.  based  on  these  parameters,  normal  and  abnormal  states  can  be  tracked  much  more  accurately.  this  allows  manufacturers  to  take  preventative  action  before  problems  occur,  thus  saving  time  and  money  by  minimizing  damage  and  disruption.  patterns  eventually  emerge  from  .  these
__label__assetoperationsoptimization patterns  can  be  fed  back  quickly  into  the  manufacturing  process,  helping  improve  the  effectiveness  of  future  manufacturing  and  maintenance  processes  and  optimize  future  machine  and  component  purchases.  german  manufacturer  bosch  has  put  iot  to  work  in  its  own  facilities,  such  as  the  bavarian  factory  where  it  builds  braking  and  safety  systems  for  nearly  7  million  cars  each  year.  using  has  enabled  company  engineers  to  reduce  error  rates  and  boost  productivity  by  up  to  24  percent.  traditionally,  factories  have  been  primarily  closed  systems,  so  securing  them  against  internetbased  attacks  was  not  a  significant  priority.  to  minimize  any  operational  disruption  from  potential
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vulnerabilities,  many  ot  systems  were  walled  off  from  it.  today,  this  siloed  approach  hinders  the  implementation  of  iot  in  the  factory.  thats  because  effective  iot  implementations  require  greater  ot  and  it  integration  and  more  connections  to  external  or  thirdparty  data  sources,  systems,  and  analytics  platforms.  building  a  smart  factory  requires  a  thoroughly  connected,  integrated  infrastructure.  but  connecting  machines  directly  or  indirectly  to  the  internet,  or  even  to  a  private  cloud  environment,  significantly  enlarges  .  that  means  more  access  points  criminals  could  exploit  for  espionage,  vandalism,  or  terrorism.  risks  include  machine  damage,  factory  worker  injury,  intellectual  property  theft,  and  production  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization supply  chain  disruption.  whats  needed  is  a  reliable  platform  for  the  secure,  integrated  management  of  iot  within  factories.  it  should  be  able  to  distribute  software  upgrades  and  security  patches  to  devices  and  edge  systems  at  scale,  and  rapidly  quarantine  rogue  devices  if  a  breach  or  other  anomaly  is  detected.  at  vmware,  we  are  readily  embracing  these  fundamental  challenges  presented  by  iot,  bollella  says.  we  are  building  a  suite  of  management  and  security  technologies  that,  from  their  inception,  address  iot  security  and  management  challenges.  in  a  smart  factory,  production  processes  can  be  directly  connected  to  supplier,  logistics,  product  lifecycle,  and  ordering
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems.  as  a  result,  manufacturers  can  more  easily  accommodate  rapidly  changing  and  increasingly  individual  customer  requirements.  consider  the  process  of  ordering  a  new  kitchen.  in  the  preiot  world,  you  have  to  manually  select  the  specifications  and  components  in  advance.  once  the  order  has  entered  the  vendors  system,  youre  basically  out  of  luck  if  you  want  to  make  any  changes.  now  lets  look  at  a  truly  connected  manufacturing  process.  if  you  want  to  change  the  color  and  other  specifications  of  the  oven  you  ordered,  the  vendor  can  inform  the  relevant  production  line  immediately  to  adjust  the  processes  required  to  execute  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization changes.  and  the  systems  for  managing  stock  levels  and  invoicing  would  also  be  updated  as  part  of  an  automated,  iotenabled  process.  increased  integration  can  deliver  similar  benefits  across  the  supply  chain.  for  example,  the  ability  to  use  better  asset  tracking  and  inventory  management  allows  manufacturers  to  optimize  costs  by  reducing  asset  loss  and  empty  shelf  incidences.  or  an  iotenabled  vehicle  fleet  can  adjust  employee  transport  and  product  delivery  routes  according  to  weather  conditions,  traffic  congestion,  and  other  variables.  a  centralized,  integrated  iot  platform  lets  manufacturers  control  the  entire  supply  chain,  enabling  every  thingwhether  a  component  shipment,  product,  or  a  warehouse
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vehicleto  be  managed  securely  and  accurately  from  a  single  console.  when  people  talk  about  how  ,  theyre  really  talking  about  taking  massive  amounts  of  data  produced  every  day  by  connected  devices,  and  then  applying  artificial  intelligence  to  uncover  hidden  patterns  and  glean  new  insights.  an  endtoend  infrastructure  management  system,  such  as  ,  allows  manufacturers  to  deliver  relevant  data  where  and  when  its  needed  across  the  edge  and  in  the  cloud  by  integrating  into  enterprise  systems.  it  enables  efficient,  secure  operation  of  manufacturing  processes  and  the  supply  chain  that  feeds  them.  offering  iotengineered  solutions  like  these,  says  bollella,  enables  vmware  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization serve  as  a  strategic  partner  to  companies  in  their  iot  journey.  as  a  result,  smart  factories  will  allow  manufacturers  to  massproduce  more  goods  at  lower  costs  and  with  fewer  defects.  and  theyll  increasingly  be  used  to  create  products  customized  for  each  individual,  as  we  move  toward  a  personalized,  datadriven  future.  is  an  ongoing  series  about  how  technology  is  changing  our  understanding  of  the  world  around  us.  this  article  is  part  of  ,  our  discussion  on  how  emerging  technologies  promise  to  change  the  way  we  design,  create,  and  experience  the  places  we  live  and  work,  from  city  centers  to  the  remote
__label__assetoperationsoptimization manufacturers  in  the  highperformance  cohort  captured  in  our  latest  survey  are  using  realtime  monitoring  to  aggregate  metrics  and  gain  a  360degree  view  of  manufacturing  operations  accessible  from  any  mobile  or  handheld  device.  56  of  highperformance  manufacturers  are  combining  realtime  monitoring  and  mobile  technologies  to  provide  production  teams  with  accurate,  precise  views  of  production  performance  as  it  happens.  manufacturers  are  prioritizing  realtime  monitoring  to  attain  the  goals  of  increasing  product  quality,  reducing  timetomarket  and  attaining  faster  revenue  growth.  this  month  iqms  interviewed  151  manufacturers  in  north  america  to  understand  the  current  and  plans  for  analytics  and  manufacturing  intelligence,  mobility,  quality  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization realtime  monitoring.  streamlining  inventory  reconciliation  leads  all  benefits  of  realtime  monitoring  with  72  of  manufacturers  saying  having  this  capability  is  essential  for  their  success.  improving  product  quality  and  increasing  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee  by  being  able  to  better  track  machine  utilization,  scrap  and  downtime  reporting  is  also  a  high  priority.  improving  product  quality,  reducing  order  turnaround  times,  keeping  sales,  manufacturing,  and  engineering  tightly  coordinated,  having  greater  flexibility  to  take  on  short  production  runs  and  succeeding  with  new  product  launches  are  the  five  characteristics  of  the  highest  performing  manufacturers  based  on  the  latest  iqms  survey.  whats  especially  interesting  about  the  results
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  how  all  manufacturers  begin  their  realtime  monitoring  journey  by  concentrating  on  streamlining  and  making  inventory  reconciliation  more  efficient  first,  then  concentrate  on  improving  shop  floor  performance.  the  highperformance  cohort  is  quick  to  aggregate  metrics  and  gains  a  360degree  view  of  all  shop  floors,  often  having  realtime  availability  of  overall  equipment  effectiveness  oee  across  multiple  production  lines.  the  graphic  below  from  our  survey  shows  the  importance  of  realtime  monitoring  approaches  over  the  next  12  months.  manufacturing  is  now  a  digitally  driven  business  where  data,  insights,  and  intelligence  have  become  the  most  valuable  asset  a  company  has.  realtime  data  quickly  transformed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization into  actionable  intelligence  is  eliminating  cost  and  job  overruns,  improving  production  line  productivity,  reducing  product  defects  and  increasing  quality,  extending  equipment  life,  and  understanding  customer  requirements  better  than  before.  manufacturers  comprise  the  most  data  prolific  industry  on  the  planet,  generating  on  average  1.912  petabytes  of  data  a  year  according  to  idc  and  mckinsey  global  institute.  each  faces  the  competitive  challenge  of  making  the  most  of  the  data  have.  and  despite  being  members  of  the  most  dataprolific  industry  on  the  planet,  there  often  isnt  the  right  realtime  data  they  need  to  make  quick  course  corrections  on  the  shop  floor.  thats  why
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  need  for  realtime  data  from  across  their  shop  floors  is  driving  a  revolution  in  realtime  monitoring,  leading  to  an  inflection  point  that  is  happening  today.  progressing  from  light  sticks  integrated  to  as  iqms  has  with  its  to  programmable  logic  controllers  plc  and  internet  of  things  iot  sensors,  manufacturers  need  greater  intelligence  and  knowledge  in  the  following  areas:  our  latest  survey  results  show  manufacturers  are  very  goal  and  outcomedriven  in  their  adoption  of  iot  as  a  realtime  monitoring  technology.  theyre  balancing  traditional  light  sticks  and  plcs  with  iot  based  on  the  cost,  data  latency,  reliability  and  scale  possible.  being  digitallydriven
__label__assetoperationsoptimization businesses,  manufacturers  are  adopting  iot  faster  than  many  other  industries  as  the  recent  capgemini  study,  ,  illustrates  below.  capgemini  interviewed  senior  executives  from  over  300  global  organizations  who  are  already  implementing  iot  initiatives.  the  research  team  also  analyzed  300  crosssector,  reallife  iot  uses  cases  used  for  internal  operations  spanning  industrial  manufacturing,  retail,  consumer  products,  energy  utilities,  automotive  and  telecommunications,  to  identify  which  ones  have  the  greatest  impact.  additional  areas  where  iot  has  the  greatest  potential  to  deliver  value  include  improving  operator  productivity  in  production  plants,  improving  the  accuracy  of  warehouse  management  and  inventory  monitoring,  reducing  nontechnical  operations  losses  and  enabling
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smart  product  tracking.  the  following  grid  compares  the  benefits  from  iot  implementation  by  payback  period  of  investment.  capgemini  predicts  iot  will  contribute  to  manufacturing  intelligence  and  product  quality  optimization  gaining  adoption  over  the  longterm.  louis  is  currently  serving  as  principal,  iqms.  previous  positions  include  director  product  management  at  ingram  cloud,  vice  president  marketing  at  ibaset,  plex  systems,  senior  analyst  at  amr  research  now  gartner,  marketing  and  business  development  at  saas  startups.  mr.  columbus  academic  background  includes  an  mba  from  pepperdine  university  and  the  strategic  marketing  management  and  digital  marketing  programs  at  stanford  university  graduate  school  of  business.  louis  also  teaches
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mba  courses  in  international  business,  global  competitive  strategies,  international  market  research,  strategic  planning  and  market  research.  mr.  columbus  currently  is  a  member  of  the  faculty  at  webster  university  and  has  taught  california  state  university,  fullerton:  university  of  california,  irvine  marymount  university.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization internet  of  things  no  more  needs  any  introduction.  when  these  iot  capabilities  are  implemented  in  the  industrial  and  manufacturing  space,  it  becomes  industrial  iot  .  this  technology  is  an  amalgamation  of  different  technologies  like  machine  learning,  big  data,  sensor  data,  m2m  communication,  and  automation  that  have  existed  in  the  industrial  backdrop  for  many  years.  industrial  internet  makes  a  connected  enterprise  by  merging  the  information  and  operational  department  of  the  industry.  thus  improving  visibility,  boosting  operational  efficiency,  increases  productivity  and  reduces  the  complexity  of  process  in  the  industry.  industrial  iot  is  a  transformative  manufacturing  strategy  that  helps  to  improve  quality,  safety,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization productivity  in  an  industry.  the  invention  of  steam  engines  kick  started  the  industry  1.0.  however,  the  manufacturing  was  purely  labor  oriented  and  tiresome.  the  first  assembly  line  production  was  introduced.  this  invention  was  a  big  relief  for  the  workers  as  their  labor  was  minimized  to  the  possible  extent.  henry  ford  the  father  of  mass  production  and  the  assembly  line  introduced  the  process  in  a  car  manufacturing  plant  by  ford  to  improve  the  productivity  using  conveyor  belt  mechanism.  involved  advancement  of  electronic  technology  and  industrial  robotics.  miniaturization  of  the  circuit  boards  through  programmable  logic  controllers,  industrial  robotics  to  simplify,  automate  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization increase  the  production.  however,  the  operations  still  remained  isolated  from  the  entire  enterprise.  the  vision  of  connected  enterprise  through  interconnecting  industrial  assets  through  the  internet  was  fulfilled  with  the  introduction  of  industry  4.0.  the  smart  devices  communicate  with  each  other  and  create  valuable  insights.  iiot  brought  with  it  the  advantages  of  asset  optimization,  production  integration,  smart  monitoring,  remote  diagnosis,  intelligent  decision  making  and  most  importantly  the  feature  of  predictive  maintenance.  industrial  internet  of  things  brings  along  lot  of  advantages  some  of  them  are  listed  below:  of  smart  sensors,  robotics  automation,  augmented/virtual  reality,  big  data  analytics,  cloud  integration,  software  applications,  mobile,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization low  power  hardware  devices  and  scalability  of  ipv63.4x  1038  ip  address,  etc.is  a  major  driver  for  the  industrial  internet.  the  edge  that  iiot  gives  to  enterprises  over  their  competitor  helps  them  achieve  better  customer  satisfaction  and  retention  through  value  addition.  government  policies  like  industry  4.0,  smart  factories,  make  in  india,  make  in  china  2025  smart  cities,  japans  industrial  value  chain  initiative  foum,  support  of  green  initiatives,  rising  energy  crude  oil  prices,  favorable  fdi  policies,  policies  by  regulatory  bodies,  etc.  works  totally  in  favour  of  the  iiot  evolution.  the  endless  unfolding  of  new  technologies  have  added  up  to  a  huge  list
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  next  big  thing.  however  not  every  evolving  technology  has  the  potential  to  break  through  the  business  and  social  landscape.  mckinsey  global  institute  has  identified  some  of  the  important  technologies  that  can  create  economic  transformations.  one  of  them  in  the  list  is  iiot.  mckinsey  estimated  that  iot  will  have  a  potential  economic  impact  of  up  to  6.2  trillion  by  2025.  it  also  has  the  potential  to  drive  productivity  across  36  trillion  and  operating  costs  across  multiple  industries,  including  manufacturing,  health  care,  and  mining.  contact  us  or  solutions  technology  focus  services  industries  about  news  events  resource  center  about  happiest  minds
__label__assetoperationsoptimization decades  ago,  the  idea  of  embedding  sensors  and  chips  into  physical  objects  would  sound  insane  and  impossible.  however,  thanks  to  the  internet  of  things  it  became  real.  this  technology  has  grown  into  the  prime  concept  for  many  businesses  within  a  short  span  of  time.  the  internet  of  things  has  considerably  changed  some  aspects  of  our  everyday  life  like  driving,  cooking,  purchasing,  manufacturing  etc.  numerous  iot  devices  are  springing  up  nowadays.  consequently,  the  number  of  iotactive  devicesexcluding  smartphones,  tablets,  laptopsis  likely  moreover,  the  number  of  internet  of  things  units  in  different  industries  will  come  to  speaking  in  numbers,  the  exposure  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  is  quite  impressive:  many  worldwide  enterprises  have  successfully  integrated  iot  tools  into  their  infrastructures.  it  allows  them  to  optimize  the  production  process,  reduce  delivery  time,  and  lower  the  expenditures.  all  this  makes  the  iot  market  share  boost  exponentially  over  the  next  few  years.  and  while  idc  reports  the  iot  footprint  is  expected  to  grow  up  to  ,  statista,  by  way  of  contrast,  is  confident  its  economic  impact  may  be  between  he  internet  of  things  in  manufacturing  is  beneficial  both  for  the  producers  and  for  their  target  customers.  industrial  iot  enables  manufacturers  to  scale  up  different  equipmentcapable  of  distantobservingand  servicing.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thus,  companies  can  have  a  proper  estimation  of  customers  needs.  manufacturing  as  one  of  the  industries  is  taking  up  the  prospects  of  the  internet  of  things.many  plants  are  already  utilizing  connected  control  systemsfor  procession  and  supervision.  the  main  benefits  of  iot  solutions  are  as  follows:  70  of  companies  sure  that  iot  implementation  can  reduce  costs  and  improve  products.  currently,  many  iot  projects  are  related  to  such  issues  as  smart  factory,  facility  and  asset  management,  security  and  operations,  logistics,  customer  servicing.  which  is  why,  .  so,  lets  take  a  deep  dive  into  the  best  iot  examples  in  manufacturing.  through  connecting  iotdriven
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gadgets  that  have  different  sensor  points  temperatures,  vibration,  voltages,  currents,  etc.  to  other  devices,ifttt,  cloud/api  or  legacy  systemsmanufacturers  can  obtain  essential  maintenance  data.  this  kind  of  information  allows  to  estimate  the  current  conditionof  machinery,  determine  warning  signs,  transmitalerts  and  activate  corresponding  repair  processes.  this  way  iot  transforms  maintenance  into  a  fastpacedand  automated  practice,  which  foresees  a  failure  long  time  in  advance.  moreover,  it  fosters  costssavings  over  traditional  preventive  measures  as  the  actions  are  taken  exactly  when  they  are  necessary  and  needed.  gettingvalid  data  intime,  assist  managersindetecting  plant  machinery  that  needs  fixing.  besides,  it  helps  plan  maintenance  operations  thoroughlyand  hold  systems
__label__assetoperationsoptimization online  as  workers  are  still  performing  thetask.iot  may  prolong  equipment  lifetime,  contribute  to  plant  safety  and  lower  the  risks  of  accidents  that  affect  the  environmentnegatively.  in  practical  terms,  iot  can  immensely  improve  your  companys  predictive  repairing/maintenance  capabilities.  for  instance,  one  of  the  leading  international  manufacturers  of  medical  equipment,  medivators,  successfully  integrated  iot  solutions  across  their  worldwide  services  of  the  service  events  and  issues  that  can  be  easily  controlled  and  if  there  is  a  case  fixed  without  any  additional  manpower  resources  involved.  reallocating  your  companys  computational  resources  to  a  custom  cloud  or  connecting  the  device  to  one  of  the  popular  baas
__label__assetoperationsoptimization backend  as  a  service  or  paas  platform  as  a  service  cloud  computing  models,  you  can  collect  and  analyze  the  largescale  data  sets  necessary  for  supervising  various  field  devices  like  switches,  valves,  and  other  indication  elements.  thanks  to  iot  this  data  is  transmitted  to  the  industrial  automation  system  that  ensures  an  overall  control  of  machinery  amid  production  process.  telecommunications,  oil  and  gas  industries,  as  well  as  power  generation,  have  been  already  reaping  the  benefits  from  iot  devices  implanted  into  distant  control  systems.  the  most  prominent  feature  of  remote  production  control  in  industrial  automation  systems  is  the  centralized  supervision  over  the  machinery
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  the  process  of  production.information  obtained  through  distant  control  provides  a  much  clearer  and  faster  insight  into  the  actual  production  field.  it  gives  assistance  to  the  staff  in  analyzing  the  enterprise  data.  all  this  makes  the  iot  technology  be  a  core  instrument  in  ensuring  safe  automated  production,  monitoring  the  workers,  tracking  the  personnel  location.  more  and  more  manufacturing  enterprises  tend  to  implement  asset  practices.  iot  technology  combined  with  the  development  of  native  web  and  mobile  apps  for  ios  or  android  makes  it  possible  to  obtain  realtime  asset  information  and  make  reasonable  decisions.  the  major  task  of  tracking  lies  in  discovering
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  overseeing  such  crucial  assets  as  the  components  of  the  supply  chain  raw  materials,  containers,  and  finished  goods.  such  applications  can  drastically  optimize  logistics,  maintain  stocks  of  work  in  progress,  and  disclose  thefts  and  violations.  iotbased  asset  tracking  helps  the  producers  calculate  the  usage  of  movable  equipment  elements  and  initiate  measures  to  shorten  idle  period  and  enhance  utilization.  enterprises  that  depend  greatly  on  transportation  can  also  benefit  from  iotledinterconnection  between  various  devices  and  systems.  iot  can  reveal  supply  chain  inefficiencies  by  eliminating  blind  spots  from  logistics  processes.  managing  the  automotive  fleet  via  iotdriven  devices  helps  manufacturers  eliminate  or  put  down
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  risks  concerning  the  costs  related  to  vehicles,  staff  and  transportation.  autonomous  fleet  solutions  contribute  to  the  greater  efficiency  of  the  company.  logistics  managers  make  good  use  of  leveraging  iot  when  it  comes  to  repairs  and  fuel  expenditures.  they  optimize  their  tasks  that  cover  monitoring  fuel  costs,  smart  deliveries,  diagnostics,  and  drivers.  additionally,  a  realtime  overlook  of  driver  and  vehicle  performance  aids  to  raise  technicians  safety,  bring  down  inventory  damage  and  reduce  insurance  payments.  applying  the  iot  approach,  known  as  digital  twins,  lets  businesses  create  and  enjoy  the  robust  digital  copies  of  the  physical  objects  manufactured  by  a  company.  when
__label__assetoperationsoptimization empowered  with  iot,  a  poc  proof  of  concept,  an  mvp  minimum  viable  product  or  a  look  and  feel  prototype  turn  to  be  so  accurate  that  you  can  easily  experiment  and  foresee  their  functionality  as  well  as  initial  and  final  operational  capabilities.  this  kind  of  iot  application  area  allows  simulating  a  lifespan  of  machines,  checking  updates,  and  predicting  potential  issues  and  bottlenecks.  with  iot  instruments,  producers  can  get  a  replica  of  equipment  and  goods  for  monitoring  them  in  a  virtual  environment  before  putting  them  to  market.  finally,  it  improves  product  quality,  creates  efficient  supply  and  delivery  chains,  opens  new  opportunities  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization businesses  and  brings  customer  service  to  a  higher  level.  either  way,  getting  the  iot  solutions  implemented  into  your  business  processes  requires  solid  expertise  in  this  field.  it  makes  byteant  a  perfect  option  for  companies  eager  to  tap  into  iot  competitive  advantages.  were  here  to  help  you,  just  a  line.  and  get  the  latest  updates
__label__assetoperationsoptimization we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thinkstock  the  term  heralds  the  coming  of  a  new  industrial  revolution  through  smart  manufacturing.  the  term  has  a  more  mutedsounding  promise  of  driving  operational  efficiencies  through  automation,  connectivity  and  .  but  the  focus  of  iiot  on  industry  at  large  is  broader.  here,  we  take  a  comprehensive  view,  rounding  up  20  top  industrial  iot  leaders  and  pioneers,  drawing  on  the  feedback  from  industry  analysts  and  consultants.  the  focus  here  is  not  on  vendors  offering,  say,  a  cloudbased  platform  for  monitoring  industrial  machines  but  on  the  companies  that  themselves  are  using  industrial  iot  applications  and  technology  to  drive  their  business  forward.  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  sake  of  this  feature,  we  focus  on  organizations  that  use  connected  technology  in  tandem  with  cloudbased  analytics  to  drive  efficiencies  and  launch  new  business  models.  we  concentrate  on  organizations  that  focus  on  logistics,  and  traditional  hardhat  undertakings  such  as  ,  ,  mining,  and  supply.  we  leave  out  ,  and  applications,  which  occasionally  get  lumped  into  the  industrial  iot  projects  domain.  the  companies  on  this  top  20  list,  presented  alphabetically,  are  not  idly  boasting  about  the  promise  of  iiot  projects  to  transform  their  business;  they  have  already  begun  the  transformation.  power  and  firm  is  one  of  the  most  visible  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization embrace  the  concept  of  predictive  maintenance,  using  connected  sensors  to  monitor  its  robots  maintenance  needs  across  five  continents  and  trigger  repair  before  parts  break.  also  related  to  iot  is  the  companys  collaborative  robotics.  its  yumi  model,  which  was  designed  to  collaborate  alongside  humans,  can  accept  input  via  ethernet  and  industrial  protocols  like  profibus  and  devicenet.  to  say  that  assembling  a  commercial  jetliner  is  an  elaborate  affair  would  be  an  understatement.  such  craft  have  millions  of  components  and  tens  of  thousands  of  assembly  steps,  and  the  cost  of  mistakes  during  the  process  can  be  enormous.  to  tackle  the  complexity,  has  launched
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  digital  manufacturing  initiative  known  as  factory  of  the  future  to  streamline  operations  and  bolster  production  capacity.  the  company  has  integrated  sensors  to  tools  and  machines  on  the  shop  floor  and  given  workers  wearable  technology  including  industrial  designed  to  reduce  errors  and  bolster  safety  in  the  workplace.  in  one  procedure,  known  as  cabinseat  marking,  the  wearables  enabled  a  500  improvement  in  productivity  while  nearly  eliminating  errors.  the  online  retail  giant  doesnt  often  get  called  an  iiot  company,  but,  to  be  sure,  the  company  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  warehousing  and  .  as  has  put  it:  amazon  is  testing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  limits  of  automation  and  humanmachine  collaboration.  while  the  companys  ambitions  to  use  drones  for  delivery  has  won  considerable  media  attention,  the  firms  fulfillment  warehouses  make  use  of  armies  of  wificonnected  kiva  robots.  the  basic  idea  behind  the  kiva  technology,  which  amazon  acquired  for  775  million  in  2012,  is  that  it  makes  more  sense  to  have  robots  locate  shelves  of  products  and  bring  them  to  workers  rather  than  have  employees  go  to  the  shelves  to  hunt  for  products.  in  2014,  the  robots  helped  the  company  cut  its  operating  costs  by  20,  according  to  dave  clark,  a  senior  vice  president  at
__label__assetoperationsoptimization amazon.  aviation  pioneer  william  boeing  quipped  that  it  behooves  no  one  to  dismiss  any  novel  idea  with  the  statement,  it  cant  be  done.  the  multinational  company  founded  in  boeings  name  apparently  still  subscribes  to  that  ethos.  it  is  now  working  toward  the  longterm  goal  of  making  its  service  offerings  more  important  than  its  products  while  being  the  most  valuable  information  provider  in  aviation.  the  company  has  already  made  significant  strides  in  transforming  its  business.  boeing  and  its  tapestry  solutions  subsidiary  have  aggressively  deployed  iot  technology  to  drive  efficiency  throughout  factories  and  supply  chains.  the  company  is  also  steadily  increasing  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization volumes  of  connected  sensors  embedded  into  its  planes.  in  2015,  bosch  launched  what  would  be  the  industrial  internet  consortiums  first  .  the  primary  inspiration  behind  the  socalled  track  and  trace  program  is  that  workers  would  spend  a  sizable  amount  of  their  time  hunting  down  tools.  so  the  company  added  sensors  to  its  tools  to  track  them,  starting  with  a  cordless  nutrunner.  as  the  resolution  of  the  tracking  becomes  more  precise,  bosch  plans  to  use  the  system  to  guide  assembly  operations.  heavyequipment  maker  has  long  been  an  iot  projects  pioneer.  recently,  the  company,  which  now  often  goes  by  cat,  has  been
__label__assetoperationsoptimization showing  off  the  fruits  of  its  investments  in  iot  technology.  for  instance,  consider  how  it  is  using  iot  and  augmented  reality  ar  applications  to  give  machine  operators  an  ataglance  view  of  everything  from  fuel  levels  to  when  air  filters  need  replacing.  if  an  old  filter  expires,  the  company  can  send  basic  instructions  for  how  to  replace  it  via  an  ar  app.  the  companys  marine  asset  intelligence  division  is  also  an  innovator.  last  year,  ran  an  article  explaining  how  the  company  used  sensordriven  analytics  to  save  a  bundle  of  money  on  boats  and  shipping  vessels.  industrial  ot  world  highlights  the  intersection
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  iot  and  industry,  showcasing  examples  of  how  iot  transforms  business  across  manufacturing,  supply  chain  and  operations.  get  your  tickets  and  free  passes  now.  robotics  maker  fanuc  is  serious  about  reducing  downtime  in  industrial  facilities.  using  sensors  within  its  robotics  in  tandem  with  cloudbased  analytics,  the  company  can  predict  when  failure  of  a  component  such  as  a  robotic  system  or  process  equipment  is  imminent.  while  is  a  familiar  concept,  fanuc  has  embraced  it  more  aggressively  than  most.  last  year,  gm  awarded  fanucs  zero  downtime  zdt  system  its  supplier  of  the  year  innovation  award.  gehring  technologies,  a  91yearold  company  that  makes
__label__assetoperationsoptimization machines  for  honing  metal,  was  early  to  embrace  iiot  technology.  now,  the  company  enables  its  customers  to  see  live  data  on  how  gehrings  machines  work  before  they  place  an  order.  it  does  so  by  using  digital  technology,  beaming  realtime  information  from  a  new  machine  to  a  customer  to  ensure  that  it  meets  the  customers  requirements  for  precision  and  efficiency.  gehring  uses  the  same  cloudbased  realtime  tracking  to  reduce  downtime  and  optimize  its  own  manufacturing  productivity  through  monitoring  its  connected  manufacturing  systems,  visualizing  and  analyzing  data  from  its  machine  tools  in  the  cloud.  the  japanese  company  stands  out  from  other  industrial
__label__assetoperationsoptimization companies  in  terms  of  its  integration  and  experience  across  operational  and  information  technology.  while  most  other  industrial  conglomerates  leverage  partnerships  to  fill  in  the  gaps  in  their  iot  knowledge,  hitachi  is  more  independent.  the  company  has  more  than  16,000  employees  focused  on  the  technology  in  some  capacity.  while  it  offers  an  iot  platform  known  as  ,  hitachi  also  makes  a  plethora  of  products  leveraging  connected  technology,  including  trains,  which  the  company  is  beginning  to  sell  as  a  service.  hitachi  has  also  developed  an  iotenhanced  production  model  that  it  claims  has  slashed  production  lead  times  by  half  within  its  omika  works
__label__assetoperationsoptimization division,  which  manufactures  infrastructure  for  electricity,  traffic,  steel  manufacturing  and  other  industries.  as  the  field  of  agriculture  becomes  more  of  a  science  and  less  of  an  art  passed  down  the  generational  line,  john  deere  is  responding  by  deploying  internet  of  things  technology  perhaps  most  notably  with  selfdriving  tractors.  as  the  washington  post  wrote  in  2015,  .  the  company  also  happens  to  be  a  pioneer  in  gps  technology.  the  mostadvanced  systems  it  uses  in  tractors  are  accurate  to  2  centimeters.  in  addition,  the  company  has  deployed  telematics  technology  for  predictive  maintenance  applications.  founded  in  1919,  the  german  maker  of  air  pumps,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization compressed  air  dryers  and  filters  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  integrating  digital  communications  into  its  products.  the  company  offers  for  its  products  and  supports  predictive  maintenance.  one  of  its  bestknown  industrie  4.0  efforts  relates  to  its  business  model  innovation  as  selling  air  as  a  service,  which  is  a  remarkable  feat  for  a  company  that  has  sold  machinery  for  the  past  century.  the  japanese  heavy  equipment  maker  has  a  plethora  of  iiot  innovations.  starting  in  2011,  it  has  deployed  connected  technology  in  its  japanese  production  facilities.  komatsu  has  linked  all  of  its  robots  at  its  central  production  facilities  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  internet,  enabling  managers  to  keep  an  eye  on  international  operations  in  real  time.  the  company  is  an  innovative  force  in  mining.  its  massive  can  be  spotted  in  rio  tintos  mine  of  the  future  in  australia  read  on  for  more  on  that.  komatsu  recently  acquired  u.s.  mining  equipment  maker  joy  global,  which  had  developed  connected  longwall  shearers  for  coal  mining  that  can  wirelessly  send  7,000  data  points  per  second  to  the  companys  data  center.  german  robotics  specialist  has  an  iot  strategy  that  extends  to  whole  factories.  for  instance,  jeep  asked  the  company  to  help  build  a  factory  that  could  churn
__label__assetoperationsoptimization out  a  car  body  every  77  seconds.  the  company  responded  by  helping  the  company  build  an  iotenabled  factory  with  hundreds  of  robots  linked  to  a  private  cloud.  the  plant  can  produce  more  than  800  vehicles  each  day.  shipping  millions  of  containers  to  121  countries  across  the  world,  the  danish  company  has  embraced  the  internet  of  things  to  keep  track  of  its  assets  and  optimize  fuel  consumption  and  the  routes  of  its  ships.  the  technology  has  proven  to  be  especially  useful  for  refrigerated  containers,  whose  contents  could  spoil  in  the  absence  of  tight  temperature  control.  because  the  company  spends  some  1
__label__assetoperationsoptimization billion  annually  on  transporting  empty  shipping  containers,  maersk  has  enlisted  sensors  and  data  analytics  applications  to  inform  how  it  stores  and  locates  them.  the  company  is  using  to  optimize  its  supply  chain  operations  further.  austrian  automotive  manufacturer  magna  steyr  is  an  innovator  when  it  comes  to  smart  factories.  the  company,  which  has  161,000  employees  internationally,  can  precisely  track  assets  ranging  from  tools  to  vehicle  parts,  automatically  ordering  a  replenishment  when  necessary.  magna  is  also  testing  the  use  of  smart  packaging,  enhancing  it  with  bluetooth,  to  help  keep  track  of  components  in  its  warehouses.  vehicles  within  its  facilities  help  ferry  components
__label__assetoperationsoptimization through  plants  during  assembly,  optimizing  routes  dynamically.  magna  has  a  long  history  in  custom  automotive  manufacturing,  building  different  types  of  cars  on  the  same  assembly  line  since  1999.  now,  it  uses  wearable  technology  to  help  guide  its  employees  in  the  production  of  bespoke  vehicles.  last  year,  the  company  won  the  automotiveinnovations  award  from  the  center  of  automotive  management  and  pwc  germany.  has  enjoyed  a  high  profile  since  fitbit  was  founded  a  decade  ago,  but  the  underlying  use  cases  for  most  consumergrade  wearable  devices  has  arguably  changed  little  since  then.  in  the  industrial  realm,  however,  steelmaker  north  star  bluescope  steel  has
__label__assetoperationsoptimization deployed  wearables  in  helmets  and  wristbands  in  a  proofofconcept  project  to  help  managers  track  employee  safety  and  spot  hazardous  scenarios  before  they  lead  to  injuries.  the  wearables  also  track  health  metrics  such  as  body  temperature,  pulse  and  activity  levels,  enabling  supervisors  to  give  taxed  workers  a  break  when  necessary.  in  addition,  the  steel  producer  is  using  connected  sensors  to  monitor  extremes  in  environmental  temperature  as  well  as  the  presence  of  radiation  and  toxic  gases.  have  created  innovative  technology  that  divides  the  power  grid  into  an  array  of  microgrids  that  can  each  be  managed  independently.  this  strategy  can  help  utilities  manage
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  complicated  network  of  energy  that  spans  everything  from  solar  panels  to  windmills  to  traditional  natural  gas,  coal  and  nuclear  plants.  will  become  a  necessity.  the  traditional  monolithic  method  of  transmitting  electric  power  is  simply  not  up  to  the  task  of  managing  a  grid  that  derives  most  of  its  power  from  renewable  sources.  the  british/australian  mining  conglomerate  launched  an  innovative  automated  mining  initiative  in  pilbara,  a  remote  region  in  western  australia  with  deep  reserves  of  iron  ore.  driverless  trucks  and  trains  haul  ore  away  from  the  mining  sites  while  an  autonomous  drill  technology  enables  a  remote  worker  to  oversee  multiple
__label__assetoperationsoptimization drills  from  a  single  console.  may  be  in  its  future  as  well.  the  company  has  a  control  center  complex  in  perth  that  connects  to  its  mines  as  well  as  its  rail  and  port  operations,  where  engineers,  analysts,  programmers  and  technicians  remotely  guide  mining  operations.  named  the  most  innovative  company  in  a  survey  from  in  2016,  shell  reports  that  its  smart  can  obtain  10  more  oil  and  5  more  gas  than  traditional  fields.  the  company  links  its  hightech  wells  with  fiberoptic  cable  that  allows  remote  employees  to  monitor  operations  remotely.  the  company  recently  launched  a  digital  twin  initiative  for  an  offshore
__label__assetoperationsoptimization rig  in  the  southern  north  sea.  the  maker  of  industrial  and  household  tools  is  an  iiot  projects  pioneer  in  several  respects.  the  company,  which  operates  16  core  business  units,  has  deployed  connected  applications  for  everything  from  commercial  security  to  its  manufacturing  facilities  to  connected  tooling  used  in  its  customers  factories.  the  companys  program  in  reynosa,  mexico,  led  to  a  24  increase  in  production  of  routers  used  for  woodworking.  where  the  company  really  shines,  though,  is  in  its  connected  job  site  initiative,  which  uses  radio  signals  to  help  monitor  the  location  of  tools,  monitor  construction  progress  and  comply  with  osha  rules.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  companys  dewalt  division  is  also  launching  an  initiative  known  as  ,  which  will  use  a  wifi  mesh  network  and  an  iot  platform  to  monitor  workers  and  equipment  across  the  job  site.  already,  dewalt  has  debuted  a  connected  battery  service  that  can  not  only  monitor  battery  levels  but  shut  down  tools  if  a  thief  attempts  to  remove  them  from  a  defined  area.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization your  message  is  highly  valuable  for  us.  one  of  our  experts  will  follow  up  with  you  within  12  business  days  to  discuss  your  request  or  to  inquire  for  additional  information  if  needed.  see  who  our  customers  are.  see  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  what  our  customers  say  about  us.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  you  are  now  subscribed  to  infopulse  newsletter.  please  look  out  for  our  email  occasionally  and  dont  forget  to  check  your  junk  folder.  see  what  we  do  for  the  customers.  learn  how
__label__assetoperationsoptimization we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  dear  name,  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  vacancies.  you  will  receive  weekly  notifications  based  on  your  career  preferences.  we  are  looking  forward  to  getting  in  touch  with  you.  best  regards,  recruiting  team  you  are  now  subscribed  to  infopulse  newsletter.  please  look  out  for  our  email  occasionally  and  dont  forget  to  check  your  junk  folder.  see  what  we  do  for  the  customers.  learn  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  your  email  is  highly  valuable  for  us.  our  expert  will  follow  up  with  you  within  12  business  days  to  discuss  your  question  in  detail.  see  who  our  customers  are.  see  how  we  made  our  clients  happy.  read  what  our  customers  say  about  us.  read  about  our  recent  activities  and  achievements.  check  out  new  ideas  and  best  practices  for  the  it  world.  internet  of  things  iot  adoption  in  the  manufacturing  industry  has  been  happening  at  a  measured  pace,  but  the  awareness  is  growing  stronger.  in  2018,  only  deployed  industrial  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization applications.  but  34  of  industry  players  are  deep  into  the  consideration  stage:  monitoring  developments,  but  not  being  active  with  the  projects  just  yet.  the  next  five  years,  however,  are  poised  to  become  crucial  in  terms  of  growth.  the  global  iot  in  manufacturing  industry  is  expected  to  witness  a  significant  within  the  20172024  period.  such  exceptional  growth  can  be  attributed  to  several  factors:  and  a  growing  number  of  smes,  building  their  operations  using  advanced  tech  stack  from  day  one.  the  are  already  iotready  and  include  gateways  to  receive  information  from  sensors  installed  in  equipment,  making  iot  adoption  the  next  logical  step
__label__assetoperationsoptimization towards  developing  a  better  line  of  command.  ,  enable  companies  to  strategically  automate  lowvalue  processes  and  streamline  the  manufacturing  pipeline  with  the  help  of  ai.  new  algorithms  are  capable  to  operationalize  new  types  of  data  including  audio,  video  and  image  cues  the  data  that  is  offlimits  to  the  majority  of  traditional  analytics  solutions.  .  lack  of  unified  protocols  for  securely  storing  and  transmitting  data  has  been  slowing  down  iot  adoption  across  both  b2c  and  b2b  verticals.  blockchain  an  immutable  digital  ledger  technology  has  emerged  as  a  new  protocol  for  seamless  and  fast  data  exchanges  within  largescale  networks  of  interconnected  gadgets.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization together,  blockchain  and  iot  can  revolutionize  supply  chain  management;  improve  track  and  traceability,  warranty  management  and  maintenance,  repair  and  overhaul  mro  processes.  so,  what  is  the  internet  of  things  role  in  the  future  of  manufacturing?  according  to  ,  enterprises  identify  the  next  strategic  priorities  for  their  inhouse  iot  projects:  the  internet  of  things  and  the  future  of  manufacturing  are  strongly  connected  to  the  businesses  abilities  to  operationalize  big  data.  the  majority  of  enterprises  already  has  certain  analytics  capabilities  to  crunch  proprietary  data.  the  problem,  however,  is  that  legacy  solutions  are  no  longer  fast  or  effective  enough  per  se.  for  example,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization legacy  monitoring  systems  can  only  locate  failures  in  a  few  hours  before  they  occur.  they  come  with  a  limited  capacity  and  visibility  into  the  entire  manufacturing  process,  and  can  only  identify  failures  at  certain  verticals.  creating  custom  engineering  algorithms  with  predictive  functionality  for  each  process  type  is  a  lengthy  and  costprohibitive  endeavor  for  most  business.  machine  learning  techniques  effectively  address  these  shortcomings.  when  connected  to  the  proprietary  data  warehouse,  mlalgorithms  can  provide  nearrealtime  insights  from  the  data  at  hand.  specifically,  the  key  benefits  of  machine  learning  approaches  to  manufacturing  reside  in  the  following  areas:  iot  gadgets,  powered  by  ml  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization connected  to  systems,  can  instantly  notify  your  teams  about  any  abnormalities  in  the  equipment  performance  such  as  changes  in  pressure,  temperature,  vibration  and  so  on.  this  enables  enterprises  to  make  operational  predictions  up  to  and  with  greater  accuracy  when  compared  to  traditional  bi  tools.  so,  lets  take  a  closer  look  at  the  successful  internet  of  thing  manufacturing  examples  and  use  cases.  iot  has  the  potential  to  completely  revamp  the  current  assembly  line  setup,  just  like  fords  new  approach  did  back  in  the  day.  fully  digital  factories  controlled  and  managed  remotely  have  already  come  to  existence.  from  packing  to  shipment  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  final  product.  sensors  can  deliver  realtime  data  that  could  be  further  analyzed  and  translated  into  better  process  management  and  cost  optimization  suggestions.  additionally,  iot  can  provide  stakeholders  with  information  about  lags  in  production;  helping  further  reduce  the  waste  and  unnecessary  inventory.  for  instance,  an  early  example  of  successful  smart  factories  has  roughly  75  of  its  processes  automated,  with  1,500  field  employees  responsible  for  just  operating  the  software  and  monitoring  the  production.  .  describes  how  such  setups  can  look  and  function:  workers  will  receive  additional  support  through  smart  glasses,  visualizing  the  required  steps  they  need  to  take.  required  piecework  will
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  commissioned  automatically.  missing  or  custom  parts  can  be  printed  in  3d  on  a  per  need  basis.  each  product  status  remains  under  constant  supervision,  ensuring  higher  standards  of  quality  assurance  and  increased  transparency  into  all  processes.  accumulated  data  can  be  leveraged  to  ramp  up  operational  efficiency  even  further.  has  already  ventured  into  iotassisted  production.  employees  operating  on  the  factory  floor  can  use  tablets  or  smart  glasses  to  review  the  task  at  hand  and  dispatch  into  a  robotic  tool  for  completion.  such  synergy  of  technology  and  people  has  substantially  accelerated  the  manufacturing  process  as  the  company  execs  report.  is  another  important
__label__assetoperationsoptimization process,  coming  to  the  fore  as  a  result  of  transitioning  towards  smarter  manufacturing.  companies  already  have  plenty  of  production  data,  and  one  of  the  ways  to  use  it  for  better  decisionmaking  is  to  apply  it  towards  creating  virtual  representations  of  certain  assets  that  match  their  realword  prototypes.  a  digital  twin  of  a  product  or  one  of  its  components  can  be  used  to  simulate  the  product  properties  in  the  early  stage  of  development,  without  investing  in  physical  pilots  and  prototypes.  your  engineering  team  can  test,  validate  and  optimize  various  product  elements  to  ensure  smooth  functioning  in  advance,  identify  and  eliminate  possible
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gaps.  with  the  help  of  iot  gadgets,  data  from  simulation  models  and  prototypes  can  be  sent  for  instant  analysis  and  transformed  into  actionable  product  development  insights.  for  example,  you  can  precisely  understand  how  your  equipment  will  operate  at  extremely  low/high  temperatures  in  realworld  environments.  digital  twinning  also  enables  virtual  commissioning  of  new  machinery.  siemens  recently  partnered  with  bozhon  a  chinese  manufacturing  company  to  remotely  create  an  assembly  cell  with  robot  arms  that  was  used  at  a  trade  show.  such  approach  allowed  the  customer  to  achieve  30  in  time  savings  through  accelerated  development,  delivery  and  commissioning.  the  concept  of  digital  twinning
__label__assetoperationsoptimization further  extends  to  the  production.  the  smart  simulation  processes  can  be  applied  towards  visualizing  and  optimizing  every  element  of  the  production  line:  additional  applications  of  machine  learning  in  manufacturing  include  the  ,  costing  industrial  manufacturers  a  hefty  on  average.  failed  equipment  is  the  root  cause  for  42  of  those  outrages.  predictive  maintenance  the  ability  to  predict  failure  in  advance  and  receive  prescriptive  maintenance  guidance  is  one  of  highest  roi  big  data  use  cases  in  manufacturing.  that  this  intelligent  approach  can:  the  competitive  advantage  of  ml  comes  into  play  here  yet  again,  as  aialgorithms  can  detect  patterns  and  anomalies  on  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization larger  scale  than  any  other  analytical  solution,  driving  continuous  improvements  for  businesses.  for  instance,  french  power  utility  edf  group  saved  on  maintenance  after  deploying  a  machine  learningdriven  early  warning  system  on  equipment  failure.  .  by  pairing  iot  devices  with  mlalgorithms  organizations  unlock  instant  access  to  an  array  of  new  insights,  enabling  better  safety  management  procedures,  financial  loss  optimization  and  cybersecurity  mechanisms.  machine  learning  can  be  set  responsible  for  performing  regular  vulnerability  and  penetration  tests  as  part  of  the  organizationwide  industrial  control  system  security  program.  this  way  you  can  automatically  discover  gaps  in  your  policies  and  infrastructure  and  patch  them  before
__label__assetoperationsoptimization any  criminal  tries  to  exploit  them.  iot  sensors,  placed  on  key  infrastructure,  can  be  tuned  to  instantly  send  information  whenever  any  tampering  is  suspected.  you  can  also  proactively  improve  onsite  employees  safety  and  performance  by  giving  each  worker  a  connected  wearable  device.  has  recently  run  a  pilot,  testing  how  the  new  mlsystem  can  capture  data  to  identify  threatening  heat  stress  accumulated  by  factory  workers.  .  with  the  help  of  big  data  analytics  manufacturing  industry  can  estimate  exactly  when  product  issues  emerge.  sensors  can  collect  data  about  the  composition  and  state  of  raw  materials,  entering  the  production  facility;  temperature  and  working
__label__assetoperationsoptimization environment  factors  and  even  the  impact  of  transportation  on  perishable  inventory.  inbuilt  product  sensors  can  help  businesses  unlock  additional  insights  about  the  customer  product  using  patterns.  such  knowledge  can  be  then  applied  to  eliminating  quality  issues  or  adding  enhancements  to  the  newer  line  of  products.  the  benefits  of  iot  further  extend  towards  supply  chain  management,  allowing  manufacturers  to  optimize  the  shipping  process;  gain  more  visibility  into  how  products  are  handled  by  the  distributors  and  at  what  stages  the  bottlenecks  occur.  all  of  that  information  can  be  fed  into  erm,  plm  and  other  proprietary  systems  for  analysis.  capturing  such  data  from
__label__assetoperationsoptimization suppliers  can  help  you  locate  the  key  interdependencies,  predict  when  certain  issues  may  arise  and  optimize  manufacturing  cycle  times.  the  scope  of  benefits  brought  in  by  the  internet  of  things  extends  across  four  dimensions:  traditional  manufacturing  setups  usually  present  themselves  as  a  collection  of  looselycoupled  cogs,  governed  by  some  general  rules,  often  paperbased.  by  making  those  cogs  more  intelligent,  manufacturers  can  achieve  higher  levels  of  automation,  eliminate  lowvalue  and  unnecessary  production  steps,  and  make  the  entire  system  function  as  a  cohesive  whole.  specifically,  internet  of  things  automation  capabilities  lead  to  the  next  improvements:  encompassing,  realtime  data  collection  and  analysis  make
__label__assetoperationsoptimization production  systems  more  responsive  to  changes.  whenever  a  bottleneck  or  a  deviation  occurs,  it  is  instantly  flagged  for  inspection.  ontheground  staff  can  spend  less  time  on  manual  optimization  and  system  checkups  as  all  problems  will  be  diagnosed  programmatically,  accelerating  the  entire  improvement  cycle.  iot  empowers  your  employees  with  instant  access  to  the  necessary  information  and  tools  at  the  right  time.  your  teams  receive  a  unified  view  of  the  production  system  and  can  proactively  address  any  issues.  for  instance,  the  analytics  interface  can  present  the  team  leader  with  current  and  historical  data  on  a  specific  process,  pinpoint  the  existing  problem  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization suggest  relevant  root  cause  problemsolving  tools  and  best  practices.  to  capture  even  more  benefits  of  iot,  you  can  unlock  your  system  to  external  entities.  suppliers  can  track  consumption  and  quality  issues  in  materials,  and  perform  adjustments  at  their  end;  auditors  can  receive  a  clear  outlook  into  your  data  and  ensure  that  you  are  compliant;  and  equipment  manufacturers  can  review,  monitor  and  control  the  provided  machinery  remotely.  backing  up  your  manufacturing  life  cycles  by  big  data  analytics  and  iot  means  that  you  can  not  just  create  new  best  practices,  but  also  ensure  that  this  new  way  of  doing  things  is  simple.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  optimum  settings  can  be  just  one  click  away.  your  employees  should  see  and  experience  the  clear  value  of  the  new  system,  rather  than  fret  about  how  things  were  easier  back  in  the  day.  smart  systems  can  also  increase  organizationwide  transparency  and  knowledge  flow  as  all  staff  receives  access  to  a  centralized  repository  of  best  practices,  ideas  and  expertise,  created  by  different  divisions.  to  align  iot,  big  data  and  manufacturing,  enterprises  should  focus  on  the  following  four  areas:  your  legacy  systems  may  not  suffice  for  the  increased  number  of  data  you  will  need  to  collect  and  operationalize.  iotbased  projects  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization typically  hosted  in  the  cloud.  with  ondemand  elasticity  and  payperuse  pricing,  the  cloud  is  a  far  more  attractive  candidate  for  storing  big  data  and  running  largescale  analysis.  consider  a  robust  software  framework  as  well.  is  a  solid  choice  in  this  case,  as  it  comes  with  a  host  of  attractive  cloud  products  and  seamless  .  accumulating  and  processing  large  volumes  of  data  at  a  rapid  pace  becomes  simple,  even  when  dealing  with  multiple  connected  devices.  depending  on  your  needs,  you  may  want  to  either  develop  a  custom  algorithm  or  leverage  predictive  capabilities  that  are  now  prefurbished  into  most  industrial  iot  platforms
__label__assetoperationsoptimization such  as  microsoft  azure  iot,  sap  predictive  maintenance  software,  amazon  aws  iot,  ibm  watson  iot  and  ge  predix.  before  you  can  optimize  your  processes,  you  will  need  to  establish  the  baseline  metrics.  to  assess  the  potential  impact  and  severity  of  failures,  schedule  a  product  reliability  analysis,  applying  different  tests  to  establish  how  the  devices  will  function  under  certain  conditions  within  a  certain  timeframe.  businesses  with  mature  iot  systems  can  predict  issues  with  equipment,  software  or  service  parts  months  in  advance,  even  before  they  resurface  as  a  detectable  warranty  claim.  lack  of  qualified  workers,  capable  to  operate  smart  plants,  is  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization pressing  industry  issue.  talent  acquisition  and  onsite  training  should  become  the  top  priority  for  organizations  planning  to  undergo  the  transition.  while  smart  systems  bring  automation  at  scale,  they  still  need  to  be  supervised  and  maintained  by  experienced  staff,  or  otherwise,  their  value  to  the  production  will  remain  low.  the  same  goes  for  offsite  expertise,  responsible  for  developing  the  software  backend  of  your  smart  operations.  finding  experienced  partners  will  be  key  to  ensure  rapid  and  effective  transition  towards  industry  4.0.  infopulse  team  has  successfully  helped  global  manufacturing  companies  and  bring  transformative  changes  to  their  operations.  we  invite  you  to  of  your
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ericssons  iotenabled  devices  and  networks  provide  realtime  management  of  its  factories.  across  the  globe.  ericsson  hightech  manufacturing  stockholm,  sweden  ericsson,  a  telecommunications  equipment  manufacturer,  has  factories  across  the  globe  now  usingsmart  manufacturing  technologies  such  as  robotics  that  selfconfigure,  intelligence  in  a  private  cloud,  augmented  reality  for  quicker,  accurate  testing,  digital  twins  for  design,  simulation  and  planning,  autonomous  guided  vehicles  for  faster  material  handling,  and  realtime  tracking  of  workers  and  moving  assets  for  safety  and  optimization.  to  make  this  all  work  in  a  productive  fashion,connectivity  is  critical.  the  company  estimates  that  its  smart  factories  will  need  to  connect  one  device  per
__label__assetoperationsoptimization two  square  meters,  as  it  seeks  to  harness  the  potential  of  the  latest  generation  of  smart  factory  technologies.  ericsson  sought  to  manage  the  multiple  technologies  and  devices  within  smart  factories  with  a  single  communication  platform  serving  a  private  cloudbased  management  system.  such  a  system  needs  to  provide  a  complete  plant  overview  and  aggregate  intelligencefrom  all  areas,  according  to  a  case  study  from  gmsa.  the  company  built  a  system  employing  mobile  iot  and  other  cellular  networks  to  collect  data  and  analytics  being  fed  to  the  centralized  platform.ericsson  believes  the  most  suitable  wireless  technologyfor  industrial  use  is  cellular,  as  it  offers  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization higher  level  ofreliability  and  security  than  alternatives  and  can  supporta  higher  density  of  devices.  cellular  systems  are  designedto  only  admit  and  manage  trusted  identities  and  data  inthe  network  and  are  based  on  global  3gpp  standards  with  strong  security  mechanisms.  the  company  added  sensors  with  nbiot  connectivity  to  workstations  on  its  manufacturing  lines  to  enable  realtime  monitoring  and  analysis  of  production  data,  which  can  then  be  used  to  guide  dynamic  adjustments  to  the  production  plan.a  wireless  system  enablesmachine  operators  on  ericssons  production  lines  to  call  for  technical  support  when  a  quality  problem  occurs.  historically,  this  has  been  an  inflexible  wireline  systemin
__label__assetoperationsoptimization which  the  shift  leader  got  the  call  on  his  or  her  screenand  then  had  to  manually  find  the  right  engineer  toaddress  the  problem.  the  new  mobile  iot  systemmakes  calls  directly  to  the  right  engineers  from  the  line,  reducing  leadtime  forproblemsolving.  ericsson  is  also  using  nbiotenabled  sensors  to  track  equipment  that  has  been  moved.  as  a  result,  key  assets  can  now  be  located  immediately,  while  paperwork  is  reduced  and  there  is  less  risk  of  important  equipment  going  missing.  the  cellularbased  connectivity  also  enablesfast  and  costefficient  production  line  changes,  as  well  as  ericssons  iot  network  is  even  helping  employee  at  itsradio  equipment
__label__assetoperationsoptimization plant  in  nanjing,  china  keep  track  of  tools,  gsma  reports.  the  plant  employs  highprecision  screwdrivers  that  cost  us1,500  each,  requiring  routine  calibration  and  lubrication  based  on  utilization  times.  previously,  this  maintenance  was  a  manual  procedure  performed  periodically  and  documented  in  handwritten  logs.  the  highprecision  screwdrivers  have  now  been  fitted  with  realtime  motion  sensors  attached  to  nbiot  modules,  the  case  study  relates.  every  eight  hours,  the  modules  transmit  about  100  bytes  of  data  indicating  how  much  they  have  been  used  in  the  preceding  period.the  data  is  then  captured  in  ericssons  private  cloud,  which  makes  automatic  calculations  and  analysis  of  the  tools
__label__assetoperationsoptimization utilization  and  condition  status.the  cloudbased  qualitymonitoring  system  also  indicates  when  certain  thresholds  are  reached,  enabling  predictive  maintenance  that  extends  the  service  life  of  these  expensive  screwdrivers.  for  ericsson,  mobile  iot  connectivity  has  several  key  advantages  over  alternatives,  gsma  explains.whereas  ericsson  estimates  cables,  which  are  prone  to  connector  failures,  can  cost  up  to  230  per  meter  to  install  and  maintain,  wireless  sensors  are  simple  to  retrofit  to  existing  industrial  equipment,  with  a  lifetime  of  up  to  30  years.  the  mobile  iot  system  yields  potential  savings  of  approximately  230  per  added  sensor  when  adding  a  simple  sensor  to  the  shop  floor.  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization from  to  and  ,  it  seems  like  everything  connects  to  the  internet  these  days.  theres  a  name  for  this  its  called  internet  of  things  iot,  and  it  can  work  wonders  for  your  business.  iot  has  the  power  to  reduce  expenses  and  improve  productivity.  imagine  being  able  to  seewhere  a  product  is  during  every  stage  of  thedelivery  process,with  delays  and  detours  displayedto  you  in  realtime.  with  iot,  you  candoexactly  that.  according  to  ,  iot  will  have  an  economic  impact  of  up  to  6.2  trillion  in2025.  winning  over  customers  is  a  zerosum  game.  when  your  competitors  use  iot  for  purposes,  theyre  able
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  improve  driver  performance  and  show  up  on  time  more  often.  if  you  refuse  to  use  iot,  you  wont  get  those  benefits.  your  competitors  will  hold  an  advantage  over  you.  dont  give  your  customers  a  reason  to  switch  over  to  the  other  side.  but  what  can  iot  actually  do  for  you,  specifically?  lets  go  over  a  few  of  the  technologies  and  benefits  that  iot  has  to  offer,  such  as  helps  your  driversdeliver  packages  to  yourcustomers  more  efficiently,  but  thats  not  all  its  good  for.  it  also  makes  the  human  and  robot  operators  in  your  warehouse  more  efficient.  first,  route4mes  creates
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  map  of  your  yard  or  warehouse.  then,  our  algorithm  uses  this  mapping  data  to  create  optimalpickandpack  routes  inside  your  yard/warehouse.  afteryou  describe  your  different  item  types,  quantities,  and  locations,ouralgorithm  will  directroute  loading  equipment  or  human  operators  to  the  nearest  pickup  location.our  software  ensures  that  your  equipment  doesnt  getoverloaded  by  weight  or  overwhelmed  in  any  other  capacity.  also,  oursoftware  allows  you  to  analyze  all  the  routes  inside  your  yard/warehouse  in  realtime.  this  feature  is  exclusive  to  route4me.  otherfeaturessupported  byour  include:  you  can  learn  more  about  route4mes  pickandpack  optimization  feature  .  automated  guided  vehicles  agvs  are  usually  designed  to  travel  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization same  path  over  and  over  again,  without  having  to  navigate  around  obstacles.  whether  you  want  to  slash  the  time  it  takes  you  to  plan  routes  for  your  drivers,  increase  the  number  of  stops  they  can  make,  or  keep  your  customers  satisfied  knowing  that  your  drivers  show  up  on  time  route4me  helps  you  achieve  that  but  in  a  warehouse  setting,  things  are  a  little  more  complicated.  agvs  need  builtin  intelligence  in  order  to  move  around  your  warehouse  and  overcome  congestion.  obstacles  in  a  warehouse  can  be  unpredictable,  so  youll  need  a  human  operator  to  take  over  sometimes  and  make  sure  nothing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization goes  wrong.  for  maximum  efficiency,  you  need  agvs  that  can  work  autonomously  in  an  manufacturing  setting  and  can  alsobe  overridden  manually  for  the  more  difficult  maneuvering  in  a  warehouse  setting.  this  way,  your  operators  will  be  able  to  safely  fill  orders  without  wastingmuch  time  climbing  in  and  out  of  vehicles.  planninga  delivery  operation  is  pretty  complicated.  part  of  what  makes  it  so  complicated  is  that  workers  in  your  warehouse  might  not  have  direct  access  to  your  computing  system,  making  communication  difficult.  devices  can  really  help  you  out  here.  ar  helmets  and  cameras  use  iot  sensors  to  project  digital  elements  over
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  real  world.  this  will  show  your  warehouse  workers  what  they  need  to  know,  even  when  they  dont  have  access  to  your  computing  system.  therise  of  smartphones  and  tablets  has  made  accessing  and  analyzingdata  more  tactile.  instead  of  typing  on  a  keyboard,  we  now  useour  fingersto  directly  control  the  screen  were  reading.  3d  touch  through  virtual  reality  is  even  more  intimate.  this  technology  allows  you  to  experience  reallife  scenarios  remotely  in  the  virtual  world.  overall,  iot  will  make  your  business  more  efficient,  improve  your  training  program,  and  give  you  an  advantage  over  your  competitors.  whether  you  want  to  slash  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization time  it  takes  you  to  plan  routes  for  your  drivers,  increase  the  number  of  stops  they  can  make,  or  keep  your  customers  satisfied  knowing  that  your  drivers  show  up  on  time  route4me  helps  you  achieve  that  required  fields  are  marked  december  2,  2019  november  26,  2019  november  22,  2019  november  16,  2019  november  12,  2019  has  over  23,000  customers  in  over  100  countries.  route4mes  mobile  android  and  iphone  apps  have  been  downloaded  over  1.9  million  times  since  2009.  the  apps  synchronize  routes,  enable  twoway  communication  with  drivers,  offer  turnbyturn  directions,  delivery  confirmation,  and  more.  behind  the  scenes,  route4mes  operational  optimization
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fleet  telematics  enable  the  monitoring  of  location,  movement,  status,  and  behavior  of  a  vehicle  within  a  fleet.  this  is  achieved  through  a  combination  of  a  gps  receiver  and  an  electronic  gsm  device  that  is  installed  in  each  vehicle,  which  then  communicates  with  the  user  and  cloudbased  software.  additional  sensors  and  actuators  may  be  added  to  the  system  to  enable  additional  functionality,  such  asvehicle  remote  control  and  driver  status  tracking.  telematics  systems  provide  analytics  to  determine  the  optimalroute  based  on  location  and  traffic  information,  the  vehicles  condition,  and  operational  cost  prediction.  the  global  market  for  telematics  is  predicted  to  grow  from
__label__assetoperationsoptimization usd  20.0  billion  in  2015  to  usd  49.12  billion  in  2020.  iot  technologies  enable  more  robust  telematics  systems  than  were  previously  possible.  source:  a  telematics  solution  provides  the  status  of  vehicles  in  a  fleet.  businesses  use  telematics  systems  to  monitor  when  a  vehicle  starts,  shuts  down  or  idles,  as  well  aslocation  and  speed.  this  information  can  providea  complete,  near  realtime  understanding  of  fleet  activities  in  one  centralized,  cloudbased  interface.the  expected  benefits  of  a  telematics  solution  include  increased  productivity,  more  accurate  fleet  routing,  reduced  labor  and  fuel  costs,  improved  delivery  visibility  and  customer  service,  and  control  over  unauthorized  vehicle  use.  typical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization system  performance  factors  include  location  accuracy,  optimization  of  fuel  consumption,  high  uptime,  and  reliable  connectivity,  which  is  the  foundation  for  all  datadriven  value  creation.  traditionally  telematics  has  relied  heavily  on  gps.  today,  a  widerrange  of  sensors  and  transceivers  can  be  used  to  track  a  vehicles  location  and  operational  status  at  a  moregranular  level.  important  data  points  include  location  coordinates,  motion  patterns,  and  vehicle  condition  data.  these  data  can  be  transmitted  via  the  internet  or,  if  internet  access  is  either  prohibitively  expensive  or  unavailable  when  the  vehicle  docks  at  a  station  with  wifi  or  other  localized  connectivity.  realtime  data  is  required
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  many  of  the  most  valuable  functions  of  the  telematics  system,  such  as  the  ability  to  calculate  the  best  route  under  changing  conditions.  integrating  satellitebased  technologies  into  your  business  can  presenta  host  of  issues,  ranging  from  failures  caused  by  improper  hardware  installation  to  inadequate  training  of  the  workforce  in  the  new  technology.  integration  issues  can  also  arise  when  harmonizing  business  operations  and  contract  documents  with  the  new  system.  the  use  of  gps/satellite  technology  raises  regulatory  issues.  several  countries,  such  as  china,  impose  special  taxes  or  restrictions  on  gps  equipment  in  addition  to  the  usual  import  tariffs  required  by  other  types
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  electronic  equipment.  the  use  of  local  technologies  or  databases  may  be  required  or  encouraged.  there  are  emerging  regulatory  and  legal  issues  at  stake  for  businesses  as  tracking  ofdriver  status  becomes  technically  feasible.  there  is  obvious  value  in  identifying  if  a  driver  is  tired  or  may  be  intoxicated.  however,  the  legal  boundaries  around  the  tracking  of  employee  dataremainunclear.  many  companies  are  not  willing  to  disclose  their  data  through  a  completely  liberal  gps  tracking  approach  in  fear  of  data  breach  and/or  personal  privacy  of  the  drivers.  this  restraint,  while  understandable,  can  limit  the  value  of  the  data.  the  are  no  major
__label__assetoperationsoptimization challenges  during  system  installation.  however,  large  fleets  may  require  a  significant  investment  in  order  to  ensure  seamless  realtime  data  transfer.  this  is  particularly  true  if  iot  sensors  are  installed  on  vehicles  that  are  already  in  operation.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mapanythinghas  become  a  part  of  the  salesforce  family,  and  as  part  of  that  transition,  the  salesforce  privacy  policy  will  now  apply  to  how  we  use  and  protect  your  data.  please  contact  if  you  have  any  questions  about  our  efforts  or  privacy  practices  six  steps  to  reenergize  field  sales  productivity  products  addons  sell  more  with  salesforce  maps  six  steps  to  reenergize  field  sales  productivity  by  role  by  industry  six  steps  to  reenergize  field  sales  productivity  resources  sell  more  with  salesforce  maps  the  internetofthings  iot  is  a  subject  that  cant  be  ignored  by  fleet  managers.  many  benefits  of  tracking  the  assets  within
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fleets  through  iot  are  obvious.  and,  there  are  new  benefits  that  are  emerging  with  the  arrival  of  powerful  technologies  that  attach  the  fleet  to  the  cloud.  its  easier,  and  more  critical,  than  ever  before  for  fleet  managers  to  capitalize  on  iot.  fleets  are  necessary  for  many  businesses  to  operate.  yet,  they  can  be  time  consuming  and  expensive  to  operate.  companies  that  fully  embrace  iot  are  poised  to  optimize  costs  and  reduce  expenses,  gain  greater  visibility  and  control,  achieve  cleaner  and  more  efficient  operations,  improve  the  health  of  the  fleet  through  preventative  maintenance  and,  most  importantly,  gain  access  to  a  vast
__label__assetoperationsoptimization amount  of  data  that  can  be  used  to  analyze  performance  and  grow  the  business  and  the  bottom  line.  ask  any  fleet  manager  why  theyre  adopting  iot,  and  the  first  thing  theyre  likely  to  list  is  savings.  all  fleet  managers  must  optimize  their  costs  and  ensure  that  the  budget  associated  with  the  fleet  is  used  wisely.  iot  connects  all  devices,  drivers  and  vehicles  to  the  cloud  where  data  can  be  stored  and  new  efficiencies  identified.  fleet  managers  can  better  understand  how  dollars  are  spent  and  can  identify  areas  in  which  money  can  be  saved  through  data  captured  by  cloudconnected  devices.  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization example,  iot  can  give  a  realtime  view  of  how  many  miles  are  actually  being  driven,  thereby  helping  companies  maximize  their  mileage  tax  deduction.  in  a  by  ultimarc,  the  average  number  of  miles  driven  by  lightduty  4x2  or  4x4  trucks  ranges  between  11,000  and  13,000  per  year  in  the  u.s.  this  represents  a  tax  deduction  of  up  to  7020  per  vehicle  at  the  2016  u.s.  standard  mileage  deduction  rate.  closely  tied  to  number  of  miles  driven  is  the  efficiency  of  those  miles.  each  mile  driven  can  be  optimized  through  efficient  route  planning  that  considers  required  stops,  traffic  and  weather.  better  routes
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mean  that  fleet  managers  can  get  the  most  productivity  out  of  every  mile.  iot  lets  fleet  managers  see  if  drivers  are  making  unnecessary  stops  or  driving  recklessly.  they  can  determine  whether  fuel  is  being  wasted  by  leaving  the  engine  running  or  by  taking  inefficient  routes.  it  makes  it  possible  for  fleet  managers  to  know  where  vehicles  and  drivers  are  at  all  times,  identify  potential  problems,  and  mitigate  risks  that  can  impact  driver  safety,  customer  service,  or  increased  cost.  green  operations  are  also  a  concern  to  most  fleet  managers.  this  is  not  only  because  co2  emissions  are  bad  for  the  environment,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization but  because  of  the  cost  of  wasted  fuel  and  unnecessary  vehicle  use  hits  the  bottom  line.  regulations  and  compliance  concerns  also  drive  the  need  for  more  efficiency  through  fleet  operations.  driving  over  the  speed  limit,  taking  a  longer  route  than  necessary,  or  excessive  idling  contributes  to  waste  and  to  co2  emissions.  according  to  the  ,  each  year  light  and  medium  duty  trucks  consume  over  8  billion  gallons  of  fuel  and  emit  an  average  of  over  13  metric  tons  of  carbon  dioxide  per  vehicle.  the  edf  goes  on  to  suggest  that  these  vehicles  should  be  equipped  with  vehicle  routing  and  tracking
__label__assetoperationsoptimization software  to  ensure  that  they  use  the  most  efficient  routes  and  maintain  schedulesespecially  for  fleets  whose  vehicles  travel  a  dense,  multistop  route.  every  fleet  manager  knows  that  preventative  maintenance  is  much  more  cost  effective  than  the  alternative.  in  addition  to  gaining  better  insight  into  driver  behavior  and  vehicle  use,  iot  makes  it  possible  to  monitor  the  health  of  any  vehicle  in  realtime  and  from  any  location.  alerts  for  services  like  low  battery,  check  engine  lights,  inspection  reminders,  prescheduled  maintenance,  coolant  and  oil  change  reminders  and  even  current  fuel  efficiency  gives  fleet  managers  the  information  they  need  to  optimize  fleet  health
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  prevent  expensive  breakdowns.  one  of  the  most  important  benefits  of  iotbased  fleet  management  is  the  vast  amount  of  data  that  is  gathered  in  realtime.  by  analyzing  historical,  current  and  peer  data,  fleet  managers  can  benchmark  current  performance,  identify  new  opportunities,  and  reduce  costs.  data  can  be  analyzed  and  fed  back  to  the  driver  to  help  them  optimize  their  performance  while  theyre  in  route.  aggregate  data  about  fleet  performance  can  help  companies  identify  trends,  pinpoint  trouble  spots  and  reduce  costs.  predictive  maintenance  costs  and  average  annual  fuel  consumption  can  be  calculated  in  advance  and  budgeted  for,  with  fewer  surprises.  and,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  data,  decisions  can  be  made  about  overall  fleet  health  and  vehicle  retirement  and  replacement  strategies.  most  iot  solutions,  like  mapanything  live,  also  leverage  thirdparty  data  stores  like  information  contained  in  service  management  software.  as  data  is  gathered  within  these  systems,  analytics  and  predictive  signals  become  more  accurate,  therefore  revealing  new  opportunities  for  overall  fleet  performance  improvements.  iot  is  a  breakthrough  for  fleet  managers,  and  puts  the  power  of  the  internet  into  every  vehicle  and  asset  that  comprise  the  fleet.  the  resulting  cost  savings,  environmental  benefits,  driver  safety  and  customer  satisfaction  make  iot  an  essential  investment  for  these  organizations.  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  blog  about  software  development  best  practices,  howtos,  and  tips  from  practitioners.  how  much  attention  do  you  pay  to  the  tire  pressure  for  your  car?  maybe  you  check  it  whenever  you  visit  the  gas  station?  but  do  you  know  that  the  pressure  and  temperature  fluctuations  can  have  a  dramatic  effect  on  the  life  span  of  the  tire?  while  for  individual  users,  it  may  not  have  such  a  great  impact  on  the  overall  vehicle  maintenance  cost,  but  fleet  operators,  who  have  hundreds  of  vehicles,  understand  the  importance  of  the  right  tire  pressure  and  its  impact  on  the  overall  tire  maintenance  costs
__label__assetoperationsoptimization so  much  so  that  just  maintaining  the  right  tire  pressure  in  their  vehicles,  depending  on  the  vehicle  size  and  load,  can  save  them  thousands  of  dollars  of  annual  maintenance  costs.  tire  pressure  is  one  of  the  many  aspects  of  optimal  fleet  management  fleet  operators  are  working  towards  lowering  the  total  cost  of  ownership  through  appropriate  route  management,  fuel  consumption  optimization,  increased  safety,  driver  performance  management,  and  vehicle  maintenance.  over  the  past  many  years,  i  had  an  opportunity  to  interact  with  thousands  of  fleet  operators  all  over  the  world  and  helping  them  to  solve  their  business  problems  using  technology.  through  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization implementation  of  right  iot  internet  of  things  solutions,  we  could  arm  them  with  newer  capabilities  and  help  them  increase  their  operational  efficiency,  convenience,  safety  and  reduce  the  overall  costs.  fleet  operators  and  companies  who  owns  fleet  spend  a  large  amount  of  time,  money,  and  resources  in  effectively  managing  the  fleet  assets  to  ensure  that  they  meet  the  safety  standards  and  operate  at  the  desired  performance  levels.  i  recently  read  a  research  which  stated  that  idling  vehicles  emit  over  10  million  tons  of  carbon  dioxide  into  the  air  in  the  past,  i  had  indepth  interactions  with  one  of  the  leading  taxi
__label__assetoperationsoptimization corporations  in  middle  east.  considering  the  strict  transportation  laws  of  dubai,  the  main  objective  of  implementing  the  iot  solution  was  to  monitor  the  driver  performance  and  monitor  the  fuel  utilization,  along  with  all  standard  features  of  fleet  management  and  vehicle  tracking,  and  integrated  solution  for  taxi  service  condition  monitoring.  driving  the  vehicles  over  the  speed  limit  or  keeping  them  idle  have  a  harmful  effect  on  the  environment,  apart  from  the  fact  that  they  also  cause  excessive  wear  and  tear  and  additional  fuel  costs.  using  iot  technology,  this  company  could  easily  track  the  driver  behaviors  and  get  realtime  automated  alerts,  which
__label__assetoperationsoptimization tremendously  helped  them  in  minimizing  the  objectionable  behaviors.  sensorsequipped  vehicles  send  automated  signals  and  early  warning  alerts  when  the  monitored  parts  need  maintenance  or  are  close  to  failure.  along  with  this,  alerts  for  low  battery,  coolant  temperature  or  engine  maintenance  can  help  in  providing  preventive  maintenance  all  such  factors  help  vehicles  run  safely  for  a  longer  duration.  the  said  integrated  fleet  management  along  with  mobile  process  control  application  case  study  build  for  large  client  in  usa.  the  vehicle  performance  has  a  very  crucial  impact  on  the  overall  fleet  efficiency.  one  of  the  critical  parts  of  the  vehicle  is  the  engine.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  few  years  ago,  i  was  working  with  an  engine  manufacturing  company  and  the  said  engines  typically  used  in  large  vehicles  fleet.  at  that  time,  when  iot  was  just  a  buzzword,  this  forwardthinking  company  had  implemented  initially  remote  monitoring  diagnostics,  and  later  fullscale  iot  solution  which  helped  them  remotely  monitor  and  analyse  the  critical  engine  parameters  along  with  diagnostics  fault  codes  and  further  invehicle  data  acquisitions,  and  later  integrated  field  engineer  optimization  and  spare  part  management  with  integrated  fleet  management  solution.  this  information  helped  them  tremendously  in  product  innovation.  typically,  the  driving  style  and  driver  behavior  greatly  affect  the  fuel
__label__assetoperationsoptimization efficiency.  things  like  unnecessary  idling,  accelerating  and  decelerating  patterns,  breaking  habits,  average  speed  and  so  on  affect  the  fuel  efficiency.  using  iot,  fleet  managers  can  track  all  such  data  through  embedded  sensors  and  work  with  the  drivers  to  improve  the  fuel  efficiency.  through  various  sensors,  fleet  companies  have  access  to  vast  amount  of  data  which  they  can  analyze  to  gain  actionable  insights  into  the  adherence  to  laws  by  drivers,  vehicle  speeding  and  idling,  and  driving  patterns  and  so  on.  this  information  can  help  the  companies  make  realtime  quick  decisions  for  instant  improvements.  in  fact,  these  insights  can  also  help  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization effectively  managing  the  overall  supply  chain.  iot  in  fleet  management  allows  the  fleet  operators  to  automate  various  processes  and  trip  planning.  for  example:  if  a  vehicle  breaks  down  then  the  system  can  send  automatic  ticket  notification  to  tow  trucks  and  nearest  service  stations.  in  the  case  of  weather  warnings,  automatic  notifications  can  be  sent  to  drivers  to  help  them  in  rerouting  etc.  i  had  a  wonderful  experience  of  interacting  with  various  state  transport  bodies  in  context  to  proposing  solutions  and  in  turn  helping  them  design  intelligent  transport  systems.  based  on  the  gathered  data  about  the  route,  traffic,  vehicle  speed,  number
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  passengers  etc.,  these  systems  generate  alerts  and  display  messages  that  help  the  passengers  in  planning  their  routes  and  journeys.  truly  a  smart  innovation  for  smart  cities.  using  iot,  andrew  page,  which  has  a  900vehicle  fleet  in  the  uk,  could  reduce  the  speeding  by  97  percent  and  could  achieve  7  percent  better  fuel  economy  iot  is  not  something  which  is  going  to  happen  in  future  it  is  happening  right  now.  it  has  become  a  norm.  it  has  already  started  affecting  a  lot  of  aspects  of  our  life.  are  that  there  could  be  28  billion  connected  objects  by  the  year  2021.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization businesses  have  tremendous  opportunities  to  benefit  from  such  hyperconnected  world  and  iot,  undoubtedly,  has  set  to  become  the  backbone  of  the  fleet  management  industry.  how  are  you  riding  on  this  technology  advancement?  if  you  want  to  discuss  how  you  can  leverage  the  iot  revolution  in  fleet  management,  just  connect  with  me  on  and  i  will  be  happy  to  get  in  touch  with  you.  us  1  800  902  6361  india  91  20  4900  7000  email  infoclariontech.com  corporate  office  s4,  magarpatta  city,  hadapsar,  pune  411028  copyright  2019  clarion.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  internet  of  things  iot  brings  a  number  of  benefits  to  fleets,  especially  around  connected  vehicles.  find  out  more  on  iot  fleet  management  and  how  it  enables  companies  to  manage  by  measurement.  iot,  or  internetconnected  devices  that  can  be  remotely  monitored  and/or  controlled,  can  be  used  in  a  number  of  ways  for  fleet  management.  collecting  and  transmitting  data  through  telematics  devices  is  one  primary  use.  the  data  comes  from  various  sensors  that  can  be  installed  in  any  given  vehicle.  the  most  wellknown  type  of  sensor  is  the  gps  device,  but  other  types  do  exist  and  many  are  integrated  with  one
__label__assetoperationsoptimization another.  overall,  there  are  five  main  categories  of  data  that  any  connected  vehicle  will  generate:  learn  how  to  cut  maintenance  costs  with  flexs  tt600  series  solar  powered  asset  tracker.  for  more  details,  go  to  and  click  request  info.  iot  technology  continues  to  expand  and  connect  vehicles  and  drivers  like  never  before.  the  result  is  new  efficiencies  and  improvements  in  how  businesses  manage  their  fleets.  this  occurs  at  both  the  high  level  and  vehiclespecific  level  of  a  company.  high  level,  general  data  gives  managers  an  easy  and  quick  look  at  overall  fleet  activity.  it  becomes  possible  to  track  aggregate  trends  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization make  changes  to  improve  performance.  for  example,  a  fleet  manager  could  look  at  the  points  in  each  vehicles  route  where  idling  is  greatest  and  design  and  test  better  optimized  routes.  this  will  lead  to  fleets  becoming  more  efficient  and  saving  money  at  the  same  time.  accident  rates  and  locations  can  also  be  used  to  pinpoint  areas  with  hazardous  driving  conditions  which  can  aid  fleet  managers  in  deciding  the  best  routes  for  their  employees.  at  the  vehiclespecific  level,  metrics  like  driving  habits  and  fuel  use  deliver  pinpoint  indicators  of  productivity.  drivers  who  engage  in  speeding,  harsh  braking,  sudden  acceleration  and  other
__label__assetoperationsoptimization risky  habits  can  be  identified  and  provided  with  coaching.  additionally,  monitoring  fuel  usage  with  the  help  of  telematics  devices  can  reduce  waste  and  potential  fraud.  there  are  also  traditional  benefits  of  iot  telematics  devices.  using  them  aids  in  simplifying  compliance  with  environmental  and  safety  regulations,  monitoring  the  effectiveness  of  fuel  and  idling  policies  while  increasing  the  vehicles  value  by  promoting  preventative  maintenance.  more  benefits  of  iot  fleet  management:  iot  is  becoming  increasingly  more  significant  in  the  fleet  management  industry.  by  knowing  where,  what  and  how  assets  are  deployed  on  any  connected  device,  managers  can  make  smart  decisions  based  on  factual
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data.  having  the  capabilities  of  this  business  intelligence  is  driving  performance  and  creating  competitive  advantages  for  fleet  managers.  learn  more  about  geotabs  for  fleet  optimization,  productivity  and  compliance.  :  your  email  is  never  published  nor  shared.  required  fields  are  marked
__label__assetoperationsoptimization do  you  also  take  a  lot  of  time  before  finalizing  a  logistics  service  provider?  do  you  wish  to  check  their  performance  credibility  before  taking  the  final  call?  lastly,  do  you  wish  a  timely  and  safe  product  distribution  with  real  time  visibility  at  least  possible  cost.  all  these  questions  have  troubled  majority  of  supply  chain  managers  and  it  is  the  right  time  when  we  try  and  address  such  questions  with  the  help  of  iot  big  data.  india  has  a  vast  road  network  of  around  5.4  million  kilometers  with  around  1  million  registered  transporters  carrying  the  major  burden  of  moving  goods  across
__label__assetoperationsoptimization nooks  and  corners  of  the  country.  as  per  2016  report,  indias  carbon  emission  rate  is  increasing  per  year  and  stands  4th  globally  with  around  90  million  metric  tones  for  2016.  the  aim  towards  organized  logistics  requires  a  strategic  approach  with  technology  and  it  infrastructure  as  its  backbone.  the  need  is  to  have  a  system  which  has  access  to  real  time  and  historical  trends  of  all  the  data  generated  from  logistics  network  which  is  then  used  to  reduce  overall  transportation  costs  and  generate  best  of  the  services.  imagine  an  ecosystem  where  in  we  have  access  to  history  of  every  commercial  vehicles
__label__assetoperationsoptimization drivers  performance  maintained  in  a  central  repository.  this  will  include  their  performance  ratings  received  from  customers,  on  time  delivery  ratio,  legal  compliances,  drivers  behavior  and  many  other  critical  points  which  are  expected  from  good  service  provider.  similarly,  the  transporters  can  evaluate  their  customers  on  the  basis  of  timely  payouts,  detention  etc.  and  provide  ratings  to  their  customers.  to  enable  this  we  would  require  primarily  5  systems  which  would  always  be  communicating  with  each  other  to  make  the  available  data  more  accurate  and  precise  over  a  period  of  time.  these  five  systems  would  be  a  central  repository  of  vehicles  drivers  b
__label__assetoperationsoptimization service  aggregator  c  3pl  players  d  enterprises  e  location  analytics,  optimization  visibility  platform.  the  biggest  challenge  any  organization  faces  is  ever  increasing  logistics  costs.  less  optimized  network  not  only  affect  the  bottomline  of  any  organization  but  also  impacts  the  environment  with  an  average  addition  of  175  grams  of  carbon  emission  per  extra  kilometer  travelled  by  the  vehicle.  in  order  to  reduce  our  logistics  cost  we  need  to  find  out  mechanism  to  partner  with  the  right  players  and  get  access  to  real  time  data.  customers  and  vendors  both  need  an  access  to  real  time  visibility  of  their  vehicles  and  accurate  etas.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  drivers  would  need  information  of  what  route  to  be  followed  so  that  they  are  travelling  load  balanced  and  on  distance  optimized  routes.  such  efficiencies  can  be  easily  achieved  by  using  products  like  loginext  mile  tm  and  loginext  haul  tm  with  proven  efficiencies  resulting  in  optimized  operations.  the  basic  parameter  for  the  success  of  such  integrated  network  is  data  quality.  lets  take  an  example  of  an  electrical  appliance  manufacturer  which  has  to  dispatch  certain  finished  goods  from  one  warehouse  to  another.  they  visit  this  portal  lets  call  it  a  ofs  optimized  freight  services,  selects  the  service  provider  on  the  basis
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  ratings  and  quotes  received  and  places  an  order.  now  the  transporter  will  login  on  to  the  same  portal  will  accept  certain  orders  and  would  like  see  its  journey  plan.  route  optimization  engine  will  generate  the  most  optimal  path  for  the  vehicle  along  with  the  size  of  the  vehicle  to  be  used.  for  example,  loginexts  patented  route  optimization  engine  communicates  in  real  time  with  multiple  mapping  interfaces  and  traffic  information  partners  to  generate  accurate  etas  and  optimized  routes.  as  soon  as  the  trip  is  started  customer  and  transporter  will  have  an  access  to  real  time  alerts  with  respect  to  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vehicle  movement.  its  very  important  once  the  trip  is  ended  there  should  be  the  feedback  provided  by  the  customer  to  the  transporter  and  vice  versa.  this  feedback  can  be  influenced  by  the  performance  analysis  received  of  that  particular  trip  from  location  analytics  platforms  like  loginext  mile  tm.  this  could  be  one  of  the  major  step  forward  towards  making  our  logistics  ecosystem  more  organized.  this  will  not  only  help  customers  to  get  better  service  providers  but  would  also  act  as  an  enabler  to  service  providers  performance  and  would  push  them  to  put  their  best  foot  forward  every  time.  this  will  result
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  shorter  lead  times,  improved  turn  around  times,  faster  collection  of  pods,  reduction  in  detention  times  and  improved  vehicle  utilization  rates  and  most  important  of  all  would  be  lesser  carbon  emissions  and  better  world  to  live  in.  co  authored  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization logistics  service  providers  lsps  are  witnessing  a  drastic  transformation  in  their  business  operations  due  to  the  advent  of  internet  of  things.  this  is  impacting  their  entire  value  chain  from  raw  materials  to  inbound  and  outbound  transportation,  production  workflows,  warehousing  and  distribution.  in  this  blog,  we  will  discuss  the  impact  of  iot  in  two  areas  of  logistics:  1  fleet  management  and  2  warehouse  management.  fleet  companies  operate  with  strict  margins  due  to  everincreasing  fuel  and  maintenance  costs  of  the  vehicle.  iot  in  fleet  management  can  help  reduce  and  manage  overall  costs  through  effective  utilization  of  resources  such  as  vehicles,  fuel,  spare
__label__assetoperationsoptimization parts,  etc.  the  supply  chains  have  to  be  optimized  for  fuel  efficiency,  driver  productivity,  and  minimizing  intransit  damage  to  transported  goods.  lets  start  with  how  to  optimize  fuel  supplies  and  transport  loads.  sensors  can  measure  the  capacity  of  loads  to  provide  additional  insights  concerning  spare  capacities  in  vehicles  on  certain  routes.  by  using  a  dashboard,  the  space  capacity  along  a  fixed  route  can  be  identified.  this  will  improve  fleet  efficiency,  improve  fuel  economy,  and  reduce  deadhead  miles.  a  connected  fleet  could  also  pave  the  way  for  predictive  asset  lifecycle  management,  which  leverages  analytics  to  predict  asset  failures  and  automatically  schedule
__label__assetoperationsoptimization maintenance  checks.  realtime  driver  monitoring  is  essential  to  optimize  the  fleet  runtime.  iot  can  play  a  key  role  in  health  and  safety  for  drivers,  by  alerting  them  for  fatigue  during  long  distance  driving.  using  fleet  telematics,  it  is  possible  to  monitor  the  location,  movement,  status  and  behavior  of  a  vehicle  within  a  fleet  by  combining  sensors  with  iot.  it  has  to  be  ensured  that  drivers  are  not  too  tired  to  operate  the  trucks  safely.  further,  in  order  to  make  sure  that  the  trucks  run  247,  it  is  possible  to  track  a  number  of  hours  a  driver  has  spent  behind  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization wheel  along  with  fuel  usage,  through  a  smartphone  app  on  the  operators  phones.  connected  logistics  companies  can  save  huge  bucks  on  their  overall  expenditure,  as  congested  routes  can  be  altogether  avoided  by  tracking  devices  and  sensors  leading  to  reduced  fuel  costs  while  reducing  the  costs  of  damaged  items  due  to  delays  in  delivery.  connected  devices  and  sensors  can  help  manage  the  right  quantity  of  products,  at  the  right  price,  time  and  place.  the  objective  is  to  manage  the  route  journey  of  merchandise  from  pickup  point  to  end  point,  including  pickups,  reception,  quality  control,  reporting  and  forecasting  etc.  across  warehouse  management
__label__assetoperationsoptimization systems,  there  is  a  need  to  allocate  every  square  meter  effectively  to  ensure  easy  retrieval  of  specific  goods  followed  by  processing,  and  speedy  delivery.  integration  of  iot  with  warehouse  management  system  wms  leads  to  the  true  development  of  pullbased  supply  chains  rather  than  pushbased.  take  the  example  of  perishable  food  products.  as  of  2017,  the  u.s.  and  europe  accounted  for  approximately  of  this  waste  happening  due  to  spoilage.  some  of  the  spoilage  in  the  warehouse  can  be  prevented  by  using  sensors  to  capture  the  data  transmitted  by  each  pallet  as  it  arrives  from  the  inbound  gateways  and  record  parameters  like
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dimensions,  volume  capacity  and  sending  the  whole  data  to  wms  for  processing.  how?  it  can  be  achieved  by  moving  pallets  to  the  right  location  more  successfully,  tag  transmit  signals  to  wms  and  provide  real  time  visibility  for  inventory  controls.  if  the  goods  are  temperaturesensitive,  then  sensors  can  be  used  to  measure  humidity  threshold  and  in  case  of  location  mismatch,  the  warehouse  manager  can  be  sent  alerts  to  track  its  exact  location.  during  outbound  deliveries,  outbound  gateway  can  be  used  to  track  the  right  order;  stock  levels  can  also  be  automatically  updated  in  wms  for  accurate  inventory  control.  cameras  can  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization connected  with  gateways,  and  pallets  scanned  for  damage  detection.  we  can  also  monitor  the  health  and  fatigue  of  workers,  track  the  fixed  process  paths  of  workers,  and  analyze  where  warehouse  managers  can  improve  walkways  or  change  a  process  to  make  the  lives  of  workers  easier  and  safer.  this  growth  of  iot  in  logistics  industry  has  been  made  possible  due  to  the  emergence  of  technologies  like  radiofrequency  identification  rfid,  electronic  data  interchange  edi,  barcoding,  wireless  lan,  avl,  automatic  identification  and  data  capture  aidc  technologies,  etc.  einfochips  has  been  helping  many  clients  with  solutions  for  complex  industrial  .  you  may  use  these
__label__assetoperationsoptimization readings  devices  readings  users  experience  a  smarter  way  to  manage  your  fleet  and  go  beyond  the  basic  tracking  facilities,  analyze  every  facet  of  your  fleet  whether  it  is  route  management,  driver  activity  monitoring,  vehicle  monitoring,  and  fuel  consumption  analysis  to  enhance  productivity  and  boost  profits.  with  biz4intellias  vehicle  tracking  and  route  management  iot  solution  for  transportation  and  logistic  industry,  streamline  your  logistics  operations  using  realtime  sensor  data  and  alerts  to  optimize  delivery  routes  and  monitor  performance.  offroad  vehicle  sensors  assist  your  business  in  realtime  tracking  of  your  fleet  ,  both  onroad  and  offroad.  the  realtime  accurate  sensor  data  becomes  very
__label__assetoperationsoptimization useful  while  making  intelligent  business  decisions.  introducing  transpiration  and  logistics  industrys  only  no  scale  load  scale  iot  solution  which  tells  you  the  realtime  weight  of  the  truck/trailer.  measuring  the  exact  weight  of  the  truck/trailer  has  been  a  challenge  for  the  trucking  businesses  and  biz4intellia  has  come  up  with  an  iot  solution  in  which  sensors  are  installed  on  the  axle  of  the  truck/trailer  to  get  the  realtime  weight  data.  the  weight  data  can  be  easily  accessed  using  a  mobile  application,  provided  with  the  weight  measurement  iot  solution.  with  the  fastest  return  on  investment  roi  among  any  iot  solution  for  the  transportation
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  logistics  industry,  weight  measurement  iot  solution  eliminates  the  requirements  of  unnecessary  scale  hardware  and  onboard  digital  scales.  ensure  a  safe  journey  for  your  cargo  with  intellia  iot  cargo  monitoring  solution,  which  provides  you  with  realtime  alerts  of  ambient  temperature/rh  deviation  inside  the  cargo  containers.  the  solution  encompasses  temperature/rh  sensors,  gateways,  iot  platform,  and  mobile  web  applications.  the  solution  is  currently  working  in  the  field  and  ready  to  be  implemented  for  your  personalized  use  case.  with  just  2  per  device  per  month,  the  solution  opens  up  the  gate  for  increased  transparency  and  tremendous  profits  for  your  organization.  the  sensor  thresholds,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization which  trigger  the  alerts,  are  easily  configurable.  so,  what  are  you  waiting  for?  get  a  personalized  demo  of  intellia  iot  solution  and  step  into  the  world  of  digital  transformation.  checkout  the  simple  steps  to  integrate  with  biz4intellia,  provided  by  our  client:  weigh  module  sensorbug  humidity  sensor  wkc  weigh  module  offers  a  compact,  durable,  and  costeffective  solution  for  onboard  weighing  in  iot  solutions  for  transportation  and  logistics,  where  high  resolution  is  needed.  with  the  complete  electronics  integration,  no  additional  unit  is  needed  for  data  communication.  a  low  profile,  low  energy  consuming  bluetooth  4.0  smart  wireless  sensorbug,  which  uses  its  3axis  accelerometer
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  other  sensing  capabilities  that  provide  a  userfriendly  and  interactive  way  to  monitor,  configure  and  control  the  temperature,  vibration,  and  light.  a  digital  pintype  humidity  sensor,  which  is  used  to  measure  the  relative  humidity  of  the  surroundings  with  the  tolerance  limit  of  up  to  1.8.  the  unique  design  of  the  humidity  sensor,  used  with  iot  in  transportation,  allows  for  the  best  probable  thermal  couplingdecoupling,  without  consuming  much  energy.  lte  cellular  gateway  multichannel  iot  gateway  3g  cellular  gateway  the  oncell  lte  cellular  gateway  is  a  secure  and  reliable  lte  gateway  with  stateoftheart  global  lte  coverage.  this  lte  cellular  gateway  provides  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization more  reliable  connection  to  your  ethernet  network  and  serial  connection  for  cellular  applications  with  a  multiband  support  and  vpn  support  with  nat/openvpn/gre/ipsec  functionality.  a  plugplay  multichannel  iot  gateway  that  may  contain  up  to  4  different  radio  interfaces,  including  wifi  4.4  ghz  access  point,  a  4g/3g/gprs/gsm  and  2  xbee/rf  radios  to  connect  any  sensor  with  iot  in  transportation.  this  iot  gateway  also  integrates  a  gps  module  for  mobile  and  vehicular  application  and  may  include  bluetooth  and  wifi  radios.  the  3g  cellular  gateway  is  a  plugplay  gateway,  based  on  a  3g  umts/gsm  wireless  engine  and  has  50,000  sensor  message  memory  to  help
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  data  retention  with  iot  in  transportation.  this  gateway  is  available  with  or  without  an  international  cellular  data  plan.  the  backup  battery  inside  the  gateway  allows  it  to  continue  operating  for  up  to  24  hours  in  the  event  of  a  power  failure.  with  the  introduction  of  industry  4.0  or  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot,  digital  transformation  has  begun  to  show  its  profound  impact  on  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry.  as  industry  regulations  have  forced  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry  to  do  more  with  less,  the  profitability  is  threatened  across  the  board.  at  the  same  time,  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  witnessing  cutthroat  competition  and  demands  a  digital  transformation  for  efficient  business  operations.  implementation  of  iiot  in  transportation  and  logistics  industry  is  a  way  out  to  make  transportation  and  logistics  management  effective  by  ensuring  safer  traveling  and  more  efficient  performance.  devices  used  with  smart  transportation  and  logistics  ,  are  making  traveling  safer,  performance  more  efficient,  and  even  help  to  find  a  parking  space  to  park  your  vehicle.  the  realtime  tracking  and  analyzing,  need  a  constantly  connected  network  that  transfers  huge  amounts  of  data  and  controls  systems  and  devices.  biz4intellia  provides  an  interoperable  endtoend  solution  that  analyzes  vehicle  performance  and  stores
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  even  if  a  device  is  offline  to  predict  or  prevent  vehicle  maintenance.  intellia  iot,  an  endtoend  industrial  iot  business  solution  provided  by  biz4intellia,  is  the  last  mile  transportation  solution  that  assures  safety  and  performance  of  vehicles  and  workforce.  cargo  monitor  your  shipment  condition  and  take  immediate  actions  in  realtime.  the  realtime  temperature,  humidity,  and  light  monitoring  capabilities  will  act  as  an  upgrade  to  your  cargo  shipping  process  and  ensure  that  there  there  are  no  food  spoilage  or  cargo  contamination  during  transportation.  smart  the  makes  the  contracts  selfexecuting  and  enforceable.  using  smart  contracts,  approvals  and  customs  clearance  can  be  more
__label__assetoperationsoptimization efficient,  and  quicker  which  reduces  processing  time  for  goods  at  customs  checkpoints.  electronic  monitors  that  track  keep  track  of  each  trucks  running  time,  idle  time,  distance  traveled,  and  average  speed.  and  get  notified  when  drivers  exceed  their  speed  limits.  ensure  safety  of  drivers  by  implementing  intellia  iot  business  solution  in  transportation  and  logistics  which  monitor  driving  hours  and  driving  habits  of  the  drivers  that  leads  to  an  effective  logistics  management  powered  by  iot.  on  demand  by  implementing  iot  in  your  logistics  business,  you  can  reduce  your  inventory  carrying  cost  by  predicting  future  demand  using  historical  trends.  data  analytics  plays  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization significant  role  in  analyzing  the  data  and  getting  sense  out  of  it.  the  future  demand  predictions  will  allow  you  to  manage  the  optimum  inventory  level  which  results  in  lower  inventory  handling  cost.  optimum  asset  ensure  optimal  utilization  of  your  assets  and  cut  down  the  costs  by  implementing  iot  in  your  transportation  and  logistics  business.  you  can  evade  unplanned  downtimes  by  predicting  future  equipment  maintenance  requirement  and  also  can  remotely  monitor  your  fleet  operations  in  realtime.  the  realtime  visibility  into  your  operations  makes  your  decision  making  intelligent.  ensure  absolute  and  realtime  device  monitoring  and  data  analytics  will  give  you  complete  control
__label__assetoperationsoptimization over  your  business  processes  and  help  you  to  make  informed  business  decisions.  constant  communication  among  devices  will  ensure  that  you  get  notified  if  anything  related  to  your  business  operations  doesnt  go  as  desired.  realtime  automated  know  where  your  vehicle  is  and  keep  track  of  its  routing  activities,  which  reduces  travel  distance  and  helps  in  rerouting  the  vehicle  according  to  the  traffic  and  road  condition  on  a  particular  route.  the  iot  technology  streamlines  the  transportation  and  logistics  industry  by  providing  realtime  data  and  alerts  to  optimize  delivery  routes.  realtime  management  with  the  implementation  of  iot  in  transportation  and  logistics  industry  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  prioritize  large  no.  of  orders  to  serve  urgent  needs  of  customers  and  make  the  delivery  of  multiple  no.  of  orders  on  time  by  monitoring  and  analyzing  realtime  traffic  data,  which  results  in  increased  customer  loyalty  and  customer  retention.  there  are  innumerous  benefits  that  the  transportation  businesses  can  reap  by  implementing  iot  into  their  business  operations.  these  benefits  extend  across  the  entire  logistics  value  chain,  fleet  management,  warehousing  operations,  and  lastmile  delivery.  iot  has  transformed  all  the  way  from  tracking  the  vehicle  to  measuring  the  weight  loaded  in  the  trailer,  vehicle  routing  according  to  traffic  condition,  smart  contracts,  and  gathering
__label__assetoperationsoptimization all  this  data  for  further  analysis  to  make  smarter  business  decisions.  with  the  help  of  devices  like  scanners,  controllers,  beacons,  rfid  systems,  and  a  comprehensive  iot  platform  that  interconnects  iot  devices  with  apps,  iot  is  making  transportation  industry  more  efficient  and  effective.  want  to  know  how  iiot  can  help  you  to  make  your  business  successful?  curious  about  the  implementation  process  of  intellia  iot  business  solution  and  its  pricing?  ,  ,  follow,  like,  tweet  or  post.  we  would  love  to  interact  with  you  were  happy  to  share  our  rating  2019.  all  rights  reserved  inc.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization manage,  track,  and  monitor  connected  vehicles,  freight,  or  other  assets  in  real  timeacross  town  and  around  the  worldwith  the  internet  of  things  iot.  bring  greater  efficiency  and  reliability  to  your  value  chain  with  worldclass  iot  and  location  intelligence  services.  improve  quality  of  service,  increase  safety,  and  reduce  cost  by  finding  smarter  ways  to  get  people  and  products  where  they  need  to  be.  explore  these  common  uses  for  iot  in  transportation  and  logistics  and  imagine  how  a  new  azure  iot  solutionemploying  azure  iot  edge,  azure  iot  hub,  azure  machine  learning,  and  azure  mapscould  help  your  business.  manage  smart  transportation  infrastructure,  assess
__label__assetoperationsoptimization road  conditions,  and  ease  congestion  with  realtime  and  historic  traffic  intelligence.  streamline  smart  logistics  using  realtime  data  and  alerts  powered  by  azure  maps  to  optimize  delivery  routes,  monitor  performance,  and  respond  to  delays  or  issues  as  they  happen.  achieve  greater  security,  efficiency,  and  peace  of  mind  for  your  supply  chain.  track  connected  vehicles,  cargo  such  as  pallets,  parcels,  and  trolleys,  and  deliveries  inprogress.  anticipate  and  manage  deviations  with  a  fleet  management  solution  built  entirely  from  azure  iot  products.  in  this  demo,  see  how  to  detect  a  vehicle  issue,  calculate  a  new  route,  find  the  nearest  service  stop,  and  minimize  route
__label__assetoperationsoptimization delays.  fleet  management  iot  leverages  realtime  device  and  location  data,  powered  by  azure  maps,  to  manage  daily  operations,  quickly  analyze  root  causes,  and  perform  predictive  maintenance.  an  alert  signals  an  issue  in  the  fleet  the  fleet  manager  monitors  dozens  of  vehicles  on  routes  across  europe.  through  remote  maintenance,  they  can  see  that  theres  an  incident  in  germany  requiring  immediate  attention.  a  deeper  look  at  the  problem  the  fleet  manager  checks  which  type  of  vehicle  is  generating  this  alarm.  in  germany,  there  are  872  active  vehicles  carrying  three  types  of  goods:  refrigerated,  dry,  and  hazardous.  the  alert  is  traced  to  one
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  370  vehicles  carrying  hazardous  goods.  a  deeper  look  at  the  problem  the  fleet  manager  traces  the  alert  to  one  of  the  vehicles  near  frankfurt.  when  they  zoom  in,  azure  maps  dynamically  renders  greater  levels  of  detail,  including  city  names  and  major  highways.  a  realtime  view  of  routes  in  frankfurt  the  fleet  manager  identifies  the  vehicle  creating  the  alert  near  frankfurt.  in  this  view,  they  can  visualize  realtime  traffic  in  the  city.  route  information  the  fleet  manager  can  learn  this  vehicles  route,  the  drivers  name,  the  route  origin  and  destination,  the  original  estimated  arrival  time,  the  new  delayed  arrival
__label__assetoperationsoptimization time,  and  the  type  of  cargo  the  route  is  optimized  for.  rootcause  analysis  finally,  the  fleet  manager  gets  a  closer  look  at  telemetry  from  the  various  iot  sensors  aboard  the  vehicle.  rootcause  analysis  the  alert  was  generated  by  the  coolingunit  sensor,  triggered  by  an  increase  in  humidity.  rerouting  the  driver  using  time  series  insights  on  the  left,  the  fleet  manager  sees  that  the  cooling  units  humidity  threshold  has  been  crossed,  requiring  the  driver  to  be  rerouted  to  the  nearest  depot.  using  azure  maps,  they  can  identify  the  nearest  depot  and  create  a  new  route  for  the  driver.  alerting  maintenance  crews
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  scheduling  a  replacement  through  dynamics  crm  integration,  the  fleet  manager  issues  a  ticket  to  alert  the  depots  maintenance  crew  of  the  problem  and  schedules  a  replacement  truck  and  driver.  calculating  a  new  route  and  communicating  with  the  driver  the  fleet  manager  calculates  a  new  route  based  on  the  same  parameters  as  the  original  route,  including  vehicle  type,  cargo  type,  and  destination,  and  its  sent  to  the  new  driver.  issue  resolved  the  fleet  manager  identified  the  source  of  the  sensor  alert,  calculated  a  new  route  for  the  driver,  and  assigned  the  route  to  a  new  driver.  the  fleet  manager  can
__label__assetoperationsoptimization now  return  to  the  original  view  to  oversee  the  rest  of  the  fleet.  the  alaska  department  of  transportation  dot  outsmarts  mother  nature  with  iot.  with  weathercloud,  weve  empowered  our  staff  to  be  more  proactive  in  fighting  winter  storms.  texa  s.p.a.  gives  consumers,  fleet  managers,  and  mechanics  mobile  access  to  insights  from  vehicles.  by  analyzing  sensor  data  from  a  connected  car  in  microsoft  azure,  drivers  can  see  alerts  about  engine  issues  and  metrics  about  gas  consumption  and  driving  performance,  such  as  idle  time.  they  can  also  configure  their  own  recipe  for  rating  their  driving  style  and  then  drill  down  for  details.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization rollsroyce  helps  airlines  get  the  most  out  of  their  engines  by  analyzing  smart  transportation  data  generated  during  flight.  we  see  real  value  in  collaborating  with  an  organization  that  is  already  leading  the  way  with  its  established  software  capabilities  and  data  analytics.  maersk  overlays  physical  containershipping  with  digital  services  that  strengthen  customer  engagement.  when  topped  with  open  source,  azure  gives  engineers  freedom.  software  developers  have  had  enough  of  servers.  they  want  to  create.  get  customized  or  readytouse  solutions.  find  an  app  integrate  customized  iot  solutions  with  your  existing  systems.  find  a  system  integrator  si  use  azure  certified  for  iot  partners  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization simplified  device  connectivity  and  security.  find  a  hardware  partner  offer  your  deep  knowledge  to  help  deliver  the  right  iot  solution  to  your  customers.  create  and  sell  customized  or  readytouse  iot  software  and  services  in  your  area  or  industry  of  expertise.  become  a  si  or  an  isv  partner  help  ease  device  connectivity  and  security  as  an  azure  certified  for  iot  partner.  become  a  device  partner  learn  how  business  leaders  are  making  azure  iot  work  for  industry  4.0  download  the  ebook  gain  new  business  insights  using  the  equipment  you  already  have  and  the  internet  of  things  iot.  download  the  ebook  go  social
__label__assetoperationsoptimization businesses  and  governments  are  starting  to  apply  iot  to  transportation  problems  from  traffic  to  vehicle  ownership.  and  rightly  soiot  is  poised  to  reinvent  transportation  for  smart  cities  and  a  smarter  world.  should  i.e.  other  cannot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization realtime  car  monitoring  systems  with  instant  activities  alerts,  deep  reporting  and  analytics.  analyse  driver  behaviour  through  aftermarket  monitoring  systems.  evaluate  risks  based  on  accurate  data  generated  from  driver  behaviour.  manage  fleets  in  realtime  with  reduced  human  effort  and  improved  efficiency.  drive  efficiencies  with  iot  empowered  endtoend  supply  chain  visibility.  automate  emergency  processes  to  reduce  response  time  through  instant  data  access.  realtime  trailer  tracking  and  monitoring  through  iot  connectivity.  efficient  taxis  management  through  open  roaming  sims  with  reliable  connectivity.  realtime  vehicle  tracking  cross  border  and  continents  through  iot  connectivity.  compass  tracking  has  over  20  years  experience  within  the  vehicle  tracking  business.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  experience  has  ensured  the  compass  vehicle  tracking  system  includes  realtime  data  and  reports  that  allow  customers  as  a  company  to  monitor  their  fleet,  increasing  productivity  more  efficiently.  compass  strength  is  to  ensure  that  a  company  gets  the  most  from  their  vehicle  tracking  system,  enabling  a  company  to  collect  essential  fleet  data  via  its  reporting  suite  so  that  the  company  reduces  costs  most  efficiently.  we  are  using  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  experience  on  our  website.  you  can  find  out  more  about  which  cookies  we  are  using  or  switch  them  off  in  .  this  website  uses  cookies  so  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization we  can  provide  you  with  the  best  user  experience  possible.  cookie  information  is  stored  in  your  browser  and  performs  functions  such  as  recognising  you  when  you  return  to  our  website  and  helping  our  team  to  understand  which  sections  of  the  website  you  find  most  interesting  and  useful.  you  can  adjust  all  of  your  cookie  settings  by  navigating  the  tabs  on  the  left  hand  side.  strictly  necessary  cookie  should  be  enabled  at  all  times  so  that  we  can  save  your  preferences  for  cookie  settings.  if  you  disable  this  cookie,  we  will  not  be  able  to  save  your  preferences.  this  means  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization every  time  you  visit  this  website  you  will  need  to  enable  or  disable  cookies  again.  this  website  uses  to  collect  anonymous  information  such  as  the  number  of  visitors  to  the  site,  and  the  most  popular  pages.  this  website  also  uses  forlive  chat  and  messaging  .  keeping  this  cookie  enabled  helps  us  to  improve  our  website.  this  website  uses  the  following  additional  cookies:  keeping  this  cookie  enabled  helps  us  to  improve  our  website.  this  is  the  data  protection  notice  referred  to  in  the  various  jt  terms  and  products  and  services  the  .  terms  defined  in  the  relevant  conditions  shall  have  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization same  meaning  in  this  notice  unless  otherwise  defined  in  this  notice.  this  notice  applies  to  any  natural  person  a  or  entering  into  a  contract  with  jt  or  or  in  relation  to  whom  jt  receives  personal  information  in  relation  to  a  contract.  we  may  update  this  notice  at  any  time.  jt  is  a  data  controller.  this  means  that  we  are  responsible  for  deciding  how  we  hold  and  use  personal  information  about  you.  we  are  required  under  the  data  protection  jersey  law  2018  and  the  data  protection  bailiwick  of  guernsey  law  2017  as  applicable,  the  to  notify  you  of  the  information  contained
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  this  notice.  it  is  important  that  you  read  this  notice,  together  with  any  other  data  protection  notice  we  may  provide  on  specific  occasions  when  we  are  collecting  or  processing  personal  information  about  you,  so  that  you  are  aware  of  how  and  why  we  are  using  such  information.  jt  will  process  your  personal  information  on  the  following  legal  bases:  the  purposes  for  which  and,  in  parentheses,  the  relevant  legal  bases  on  which  jt  shall  process  your  personal  information  in  relation  to  the  contract  are  as  follows:  some  of  the  above  bases  for  processing  will  overlap  and  there  may  be  several
__label__assetoperationsoptimization bases  which  justify  the  use  of  your  personal  information.  we  will  only  use  your  personal  information  for  the  purposes  for  which  we  collected  it,  unless  we  reasonably  consider  that  we  need  to  use  it  for  another  reason,  for  example  for  the  prevention  of  crime,  or  that  reason  is  compatible  with  the  original  purpose,  or  is  in  your  interest.  if  we  need  to  use  your  personal  information  for  an  unrelated  purpose,  we  will  notify  you  and  we  will  explain  the  legal  basis  which  allows  us  to  do  so.  if  you  fail  to  provide  certain  information  when  requested,  we  may  not  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization able  to  perform  our  obligations  under  the  contract  and  we  may  be  prevented  from  complying  with  our  legal  obligations.  in  such  circumstances,  jt  may  suspend  the  service  and/or  terminate  the  contract.  jt  may  disclose  your  personal  information  to  members  of  the  jt  group  and  to  third  party  subcontractors  or  agents  engaged  by  jt  for  the  purpose  of  performing  the  contract  and  providing  the  service.  jt  may  also  disclose  your  personal  information  to  persons  making  a  complaint  or  an  enquiry  in  relation  to  the  use  of  the  service  and,  in  an  emergency,  to  the  emergency  services.  your  personal  information  may  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization shared  with  other  communications  service  providers  and  network  operators,  credit  reference  and  debt  collection  agencies  and  the  appropriate  authorities  for  the  purpose  of  preventing  fraud,  theft  and  other  unlawful  activity.  jt  may  also  be  legally  required  to  share  your  personal  information  with  judicial,  law  enforcement,  regulatory  and  governmental  bodies  or  agencies.  jt  will  not  transfer  your  personal  information  outside  of  jersey  or  the  european  economic  area  or  to  an  international  organisation.  jt  will  store  your  personal  information  for  no  more  than  6  years  after  your  contract  has  ended.  under  the  data  protection  laws,  you  will  have  the  right  in  certain
__label__assetoperationsoptimization circumstances  to:  if  you  wish  to  review,  verify,  correct  or  request  erasure  of  your  personal  information,  object  to  the  processing  of  your  personal  information,  or  request  the  transfer  of  your  personal  information  to  another  party,  you  should  contact  jt  in  writing.  jt  has  appointed  a  data  protection  officer  who  may  be  contacted  at  dpojtglobal.com.  you  will  not  have  to  pay  a  fee  to  access  your  personal  information  or  to  exercise  any  of  the  other  rights.  however,  we  may  charge  a  reasonable  fee  if  the  request  for  access  is  clearly  unfounded  or  excessive.  alternatively,  we  may  refuse  to  comply  with  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization request  in  such  circumstances.  we  do  not  envisage  that  any  decisions  will  be  taken  about  you  using  automated  means,  however  we  will  notify  you  in  writing  if  this  position  changes.  under  the  data  protection  laws,  you  will  have  the  right  to  make  a  complaint  at  any  time  to  either  the  jersey  or  guernsey  data  protection  authority,  the  islands  respective  supervisory  authorities  for  data  protection  issues.  it  is  important  that  you  understand  that  you  have  a  right  to  object  to  us  processing  your  personal  information  where  we  do  so  exclusively  on  the  basis  of  legitimate  interests.  as  set  out  above,  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization applies  to  where  we  are  processing  your  data  for  the  purposes  of:  a  cookie  is  usually  a  small  piece  of  data  sent  from  a  website  and  stored  in  your  web  browser  while  you  are  browsing  a  website.  when  you  browse  the  same  website  in  the  future,  the  data  stored  in  the  cookie  can  be  retrieved  to  notify  the  website  of  your  previous  activity.  cookies  are  used  on  more  than  90  per  cent  of  sites  and  serve  many  functions.  for  example,  they  can  help  us  to  remember  your  username  and  preferences,  analyse  how  well  our  website  is  performing,  or  even  allow
__label__assetoperationsoptimization us  to  recommend  content  we  believe  will  be  most  relevant  to  you.  certain  cookies  contain  personal  information.  for  example,  if  you  click  on  remember  me  when  logging  in,  a  cookie  will  store  your  username.  most  cookies  wont  collect  information  that  identifies  you,  but  will  instead  collect  more  general  information,  such  as  how  users  arrive  at  and  use  our  websites  or  a  users  general  location.  these  cookies  are  divided  into  the  following  four  categories:  our  advert  management  system  uses  cookies  to  identify  which  adverts  you  have  previously  seen,  and  to  deliver  campaigns  effectively  over  a  certain  timeframe.  these  adverts  also  contain
__label__assetoperationsoptimization third  party  cookies,  which  are  detailed  below.  many  of  the  adverts  displayed  on  jerseyinsight.com  are  generated  by  third  party  companies.  some  of  these  third  parties  use  anonymous  cookies  to  track  how  many  people  have  seen  a  particular  ad,  or  to  track  how  many  people  have  seen  it  more  than  once.  the  same  cookies  are  also  used  to  track  the  amount  of  clicks  that  an  advert  has  generated,  this  is  used  for  statistical  reporting.  the  companies  that  generate  these  cookies  have  their  own  privacy  policies,  and  jerseyinsight.com  has  no  access  to  these  cookies.  third  party  advertising  cookies  may  also  be  used
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  target  users  with  relevant  adverts,  based  on  their  user  habits  on  jerseyinsight.com.  please  remember  that  if  you  do  choose  to  disable  cookies,  you  may  find  that  certain  sections  of  our  website  do  not  work  properly.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smartroute  powered  by  sirqul  is  a  routing  and  optimization  solution  that  enhances  a  fleets  operational  efficiency,  enabling  each  vehicle  and  driver  to  maximize  the  amount  of  cargo  they  can  pick  up  and  deliver  while  minimizing  miles,  hours,  and  overallcost.  the  smartroute  solution  was  built  for  any  sized  fleet  company  to  have  their  shipments  optimized  for  prescheduled  and/or  realtime  routing.  shipments  are  optimized  to  maximize  the  cargo  space  for  each  available  vehicle,  preferred  zoned  or  nonzoned  routing,  prioritizingreduced  time  and  miles  driven,and  much  more.  hundreds  of  different  routing  settings  and  levers  have  been  implemented  to  provide  carriers  the  flexibility  to  determine
__label__assetoperationsoptimization how  they  want  their  routes  to  be  optimized,  since  not  one  carrier  operates  the  same  as  another.  sirqul  provides  an  engagementasaservice  eaas  iot  platform  with  smart  mesh  network  technology  to  drive  engagement,  operational  efficiency,  rapid  innovation  and  new  revenue  streams.  at  the  foundation  of  sirquls  platform  are  400  apis,  80  services,  and  30  industry  focused,  customizable  whitelabel  application  templates  for  rapidly  deploying  iot  instances  on  a  scalable  building  block  platform.  we  are  thought  leaders,  engineers,  creative  thinkers  and  mobile  app  developers  with  over  23  years  of  tech  expertise  in  devicetodevice  communications,  backend  infrastructure  and  mobile.  our  mission  is  to  create
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  truly  disruptive  and  virally  adopted  full  stack  iot  platform  with  no  heavy  lifting  hardware,  software  and  mobile.  from  the  smallest  development  teams  to  fortune  50,  innovative  organizations  use  sirqul  to  reduce  the  time  from  iot  inspiration  to  reality.  copyright  2019  .  all  rights  reserved.  and  .
__label__assetoperationsoptimization according  to  a  recent  report  from  swedish  research  firm  berg  insight,  fleet  management  and  mobile  resource  management  is  the  most  popular  use  case  for  major  cellular  iot  deployments  globally  in  terms  of  the  number  of  projects,  followed  by  retail  applications,  aftermarket  automotive  and  oem  automotive  as  well  as  smart  homes  and  buildings.  fleet  management  solutions  are  telematicsbased  services  that  allow  companies  in  the  transport  vertical  to  track  their  vehicles  in  real  time,  reduce  operative  fleet  costs,  protect  personnel  and  assets  and  increase  productivity.  these  solutions  allow  companies  to  monitor  the  geographical  position  of  the  vehicles,  ensuring  compliance  with  established  routes
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  schedules.  fleet  management  solutions  also  optimize  working  times  and  reduce  fuel  costs  by  controlling  routes  and  work  processes.  data  and  diesel  move  the  supply  chain,  omitracs  vp  of  data  and  iot  solutions,  brad  taylor  said  during  a  presentation  at  the  enterprise  iot  summit,  which  took  place  in  austin,  texas,  earlier  this  year.  the  executive  said  that  the  firms  solutions  use  routing  algorithms  to  guide  planning  and  timely  deliveries  as  well  as  predictive  analytics,  which  allows  companies  to  avoid  potential  risks.  omnitracs  is  a  provider  of  fleet  management,  routing  and  predictive  analytics  solutions  for  private  and  forhire  fleets.  omnitracs  deliver
__label__assetoperationsoptimization softwareasaservicebased  solutions  to  help  more  than  50,000  private  and  forhire  fleet  customers  manage  nearly  1,500,000  mobile  assets  in  more  than  70  countries.  omnitracs  portfolio  includes  solutions  for  compliance,  safety  and  security,  productivity,  telematics  and  tracking,  transportation  management  tms,  planning  and  delivery,  data  and  analytics,  and  professional  services.  taylor  also  said  that  fleet  iot  data  is  evolving  and  also  highlighted  that  data  transmission  per  vehicle  will  continue  to  grow.  during  his  presentation,  the  executive  also  said  that  advanced  driverassistance  systems  adas  will  cause  exponential  growth  in  safety  events  and  that  regulatory  standards  for  fleets  are  getting  smarter.  related  related  contributing  writer,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two  kids.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ,  a  very  well  known  buzzword  internet  of  things  has  become  the  next  step  in  technological  revolution.  its  about  connectivity,  optimization,  smart  management  and  much  more.  because  it  is  such  a  big  phrase,  it  can  be  difficult  to  visualize  what  kind  of  solutions  it  might  bring  in  a  specific  industry.  thats  why  we  prepared  these  use  cases  in  iot  transportation  and  logistics  so  help  finding  perfect  solutions  that  you  might  not  think  about.  related:  fleet  management  the  first  use  case  of  iot  in  transportation  and  logistics  is  fleet  management.  thanks  to  sensors  and  devices  embedded  in  the  vehicles  we  can
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gather  informations  about  condition  of  the  vehicle,  the  amount  of  fuel  or  driver  behaviour.  monitoring  the  condition  of  important  parts  of  vehicles  like  tire  pressure,  coolant  level  and  so  on  can  minimize  the  number  of  unexpected  failures.  having  realtime  access  to  these  data  makes  maintenance  a  lot  easier  and  more  effective.  this  type  of  smart  fleet  management  system  is  used  by  .  they  developed  a  monitoring  system  that  collects  data  from  gps  and  iot  sensors  to  minimize  the  number  of  fixes.  internet  of  things  solutions  in  transportation  can  also  be  used  to  describe  drivers  behaviour.  you  can  get  access  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization information  about  the  speed  of  a  vehicle,  time  between  stops  or  even  driving  habits  how  the  driver  is  using  breaks  etc..  these  data  can  help  you  teach  your  drivers  how  to  drive  more  efficiently  and  use  less  fuel.  another  way  to  use  iot  in  logistics  is  by  installing  sensors  and  devices  responsible  for  maintaining  the  right  temperature  and  humidity  conditions  within  the  truck.  its  extremely  important  when  transporting  foods  and  medicines.  internet  of  things  gives  us  the  advantage  not  only  based  on  the  realtime  knowledge  on  the  situation.  many  devices  control  and  correct  the  situation  when  its  not  meeting  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization standards.  source:  inventory  and  warehouse  management  another  iot  solution  in  logistics  is  warehouse  management  system  wms  or  inventory  management  system.  implementing  this  type  of  solution  will  improve  the  overall  warehouse  performance.  its  extremely  important  to  manage  the  warehouse  space  efficiently  in  order  to  make  the  delivery  of  goods  fast  and  easy.  moreover,  using  smart  systems  can  also  help  you  optimize  your  space  and  locate  packages  in  the  most  optimal  place.  installing  smart  sensors  in  the  warehouse  can  be  a  great  way  to  automatically  create  orders  when  theres  little  supply  left.  this  can  be  a  good  way  to  manage  limited  space
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  the  warehouse.  rfid  tags  are  often  used  by  companies  to  manage  their  products  and  warehouses.  they  automatically  send  informations  to  database  when  the  product  has  left  the  warehouse.  supply  chain  management  before  product  gets  to  its  final  destination,  it  goes  through  a  whole  process  of  shipment.  when  millions  of  different  goods  are  changing  its  locations  at  the  same  time,  its  difficult  to  manage  them  efficiently.  thanks  to  iot  sensors  the  whole  process  can  be  much  more  effective  and  error  resistant.  iot  solutions  in  logistics  can  give  realtime  data  on  the  location  of  goods,  identify  whether  there  was  a  theft
__label__assetoperationsoptimization or  the  shipment  has  been  delayed.  from  a  sales  point,  its  crucial  to  have  access  to  the  highly  demanded  products  that  sale  quickly.  using  internet  of  things  in  supply  chain  management  can  help  manage  demand  and  plan  the  amount  of  goods  being  produced,  ordered  and  shipped  efficiently.  the  whole  process  can  be  optimized  to  minimize  costs  and  maximize  profit.  for  example,  is  using  iot  technologies  to  order  parts  from  different  countries  and  ship  vehicles  to  suppliers.  track  and  trace  making  sure  the  goods  are  in  the  right  trucks,  on  the  way  to  the  right  warehouses  etc.  is  crucial  in  transportation
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  logistics.  it  also  takes  a  lot  of  time  and  resources  and  is  very  error  prone.  iot  sensors  like  rfid  radiofrequency  identification  or  aidc  automatic  identification  and  data  capture  are  great  methods  to  track  your  goods  and  manage  them  properly.  rfid  uses  radio  waves  to  determine  the  position  of  goods  based  on  implemented  microchips.  these  tags  can  transport  informations  not  only  about  what  the  product  is  and  where  it  is  but  also  where  its  supposed  to  be  shipped  etc.  the  biggest  advantage  of  rfid  over  traditional  scanning  is  that  it  is  being  done  wirelessly.  moreover,  data  can  be  transported  onto
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  database  in  realtime.  so  you  can  have  access  to  informations  from  anywhere.  is  using  rfid  system  to  deliver  their  products  to  their  stores  in  over  20  countries.  source:  predictive  maintenance  machines  are  the  key  to  every  warehouse  and  every  logistic  center.  thats  why  predictive  maintenance  has  become  more  and  more  popular.  the  regular  way  of  maintenance  planning  is  by  the  age  of  a  machinery.  it  has  been  proven  to  not  be  an  effective  way  since  most  of  errors  happens  randomly.  machine  learning  allows  searching  for  patterns  and  repetitive  scenarios  to  predict  issues.  it  collects  previous  and  realtime  data  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization processes  them  to  identify  possible  future  errors.  predictive  maintenance  is  a  great  way  of  using  iot  in  logistics.  it  helps  to  maintain  the  right  condition  of  all  devices  and  systems.  related:  customer  order  and  delivery  tracking  as  mentioned  before,  products  tracking  is  an  extremely  important  iot  solution  in  logistics.  but  its  not  only  for  companys  satisfaction.  internet  of  things  can  be  also  a  great  form  of  improving  customer  service  and  manage  delivery  process.  thanks  to  iot  not  only  company  but  also  a  customer  can  have  realtime  access  to  informations  about  their  order  since  the  moment  their  purchase  the  product.  moreover,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization some  companies  use  sensors  in  their  products  to  automatically  reorder  the  product  when  theres  little  of  it  left.  its  extremely  convenient  for  customers  and  beneficial  for  company.  alternative  distribution  methods  internet  of  things  were  surrounded  with  today  is  only  a  small  portion  of  what  its  going  to  be  like  in  the  next  few  years.  right  now,  were  focusing  on  implementing  different  type  of  sensors.  they  help  us  manage  the  whole  logistics  process  more  efficiently  and  costeffectively.  however,  the  same  sensors  can  be  a  huge  part  of  autonomous  distribution.  whether,  its  only  within  a  warehouse  or  globally.  companies  are  testing  using
__label__assetoperationsoptimization drones  as  a  delivery  method.  its  only  a  part  of  what  it  will  be  like  in  the  future.  source:  summary  internet  of  things  is  evolving  quickly.  it  offers  a  lot  of  great  solutions  to  optimize  processes  in  many  industries,  also  in  transportation  and  logistics.  the  examples  described  above  are  only  a  smart  part  of  how  iot  can  help  you  in  your  business.  do  you  have  an  iot  idea  but  youre  not  sure  how  to  make  it  a  reality?  contact  us  and  well  give  you  a  free  trial  im  a  university  graduate  from  innovation  and  public  zone  management  branding  speciality.  i
__label__assetoperationsoptimization have  high  level  both  english  and  management  skills.  moreover,  im  ambitious  and  hope  to  start  my  own  company  one  day.  boosthigh  gives  me  an  opportunity  to  evolve  and  make  an  impact  on  its  future.  currently  im  using  my  knowledge  and  experience  to  help  boosthigh  boost  high  48  665  002  628  officeboosthigh.com  boosthigh  sp.  z  o.o.  poland,  bydgoszcz,  bydgoskich  przemysowcw  6,  85862  vatid:  pl  9532753704
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  is  revitalizing  the  logistics  industry  with  impressive  applications.  the  number  of  connected  devices  is  projected  to  cross  50  billion  by  the  next  of  2020.  logistics  and  supply  chain  are  the  most  crucial  stakeholders.  transporters  confirm  that  they  are  attaining  remarkable  profits  by  improving  resource  optimization  with  smart  devices.  below  are  some  of  the  most  vital  use  cases  of  .  the  ridehailing  services  like  uber  and  lyft  are  already  leveraging  the  power  of  gps  to  ensure  realtime  surveillance,  monitoring,  and  tracking  of  vehicles.  however,  iot  in  supply  chain  and  logistics  can  be  even  more  effective.  it  allows  scheduling  of  fleet
__label__assetoperationsoptimization apart  from  freight  management.  the  iot  apps  with  gps  technology  also  display  weather  and  road  conditions  collected  from  various  vehicles.  iot  also  provides  the  ability  to  track  vehicle  health.  an  efficiently  built  app  would  display  the  info  regarding  condition  of  tires  and  mechanics  by  acquiring  the  information  from  onboard  devices.  moreover,  the  technology  also  assists  drivers  in  parking  and  managers  in  fuel  optimization.  with  alarming  amount  of  traffic  bustling  through  highways  and  midtown  roads,  the  future  of  mobility  might  appear  bleak.  a  couple  of  decades  back,  some  industrialists  and  city  administrations  wished  to  redesign  routes  so  that  small  parcel  delivery
__label__assetoperationsoptimization network  follows  different  route  from  the  ones  followed  by  private  cars.  fortunately,  innovations  in  drone  technology  are  playing  a  crucial  role  in  addressing  this  challenge.  the  startups  like  flirtey  are  demonstrating  the  fact  that  delivery  through  minidrones  is  more  than  a  concept.  although  the  services  provided  by  such  startups  are  on  a  very  small  scale,  yet  administrations  forecast  that  they  will  be  able  to  transfer  the  traffic  load  consumed  by  parcel  and  food  delivery  services  entirely  on  drones.  smart  iot  devices  enable  you  to  make  efficient  warehouse  management  as  well  as  inventory  tracking.  the  management  of  large  warehouses  is  often
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  huge  mess  for  managers.  iot  devices  with  the  leverage  of  smartphone  app  provide  the  ability  of  aggregate  planning  and  improved  crossdocking  and  drop  shipping.  instead  of  verifying  product  units  manually,  rfid  and  barcode  tags  ensure  that  machines  with  scanners  perform  this  job  for  you.  the  results  of  can  be  seen  over  purposebuilt  smartphone  app.  consequently,  inventory  tracking  becomes  excessively  easier  and  effective  as  well.  besides,  the  cost  of  operations  are  is  reduced  significantly.  iot  is  leading  a  revolution  in  transport  industry  by  enabling  autonomous  mobility.  selfdriving  cars  are  highly  reliant  on  intelligent  devices  embedded  in  the  vehicle.  innoviz  lidar
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  an  example.  this  device  measures  the  distance  of  surrounding  objects  while  an  autonomous  vehicle  moves  ahead  and  takes  turns.  it  shares  realtime  data  prompting  the  vehicle  to  decide  about  pushing  acceleration  and  brakes  at  an  appropriate  time.  the  widespread  adoption  of  lidar  will  not  only  facilitate  authorities  in  solving  traffic  problems  but  will  also  ensure  improvement  in  vehicles  fuel  efficiency.  lidar  mounted  selfdriving  vehicles  have  been  tested  for  millions  of  miles.  the  manufacturers  and  independent  reviewers  confirm  that  this  technology  will  drastically  reduce  road  accidents.  thousands  of  logistics  vehicles  operating  in  various  regions  of  the  us  develop  a  huge
__label__assetoperationsoptimization traffic  network.  the  use  of  iot  devices  in  these  vehicles  enables  the  fleet  managers  to  collaborate  and  create  a  connected  mesh.  it  allows  you  to  understand  driving  behaviors  of  drivers  by  utilizing  heat  map.  the  devices  improve  safety  of  fleet  and  provide  mechanism  to  enhance  fatigue  management.  one  of  the  most  crucial  aspects  is  the  development  of  route  plans  by  using  the  data  from  various  devices  embedded  in  vehicle.  you  do  not  need  to  be  present  in  the  vehicle.  instead,  you  can  monitor  fleet  remotely  using  smartphone  apps.  mob  inspire  is  the  leader  in  mobile  app  development.  share  the  objectives
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  you  want  to  achieve  with  a  mobile  app  and  our  developers  will  assist  you  in  development  of  highly  efficient  and  costeffective  software.  228  hamilton  avenue  3rd  floor,  palo  alto,  ca,  usa  phone  :  1  650  8003640  email  :
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  gather  insights  on  the  current  and  future  state  of  iot,  we  talked  to  23  executives  involved  with  iot.  we  asked  them,  what  are  realworld  problems  you,  or  your  clients,  are  solving  with  iot?  related  bayengroupbsv0q8
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 1914  292  0220  the  client  is  a  logistics  service  provider  based  out  of  middle  east.  they  are  the  trusted  advisors  for  logistics  customers  who  have  a  complex  fleet  of  vehicles  and  large  mobile  workforce.  the  company  offers  top  notch  fleet  solutions  services  worldwide.  with  over  20  years  of  experience  in  the  logistics  space,  the  clients  leadership  team  was  on  a  constant  hunt  to  leverage  digital  technologies;  in  order  to  offer  iot  logistics  solutions  and  expands  its  customer  base.  most  logistics  customers  have  four  main  business  concerns;  realtime  tracking  monitoring  of  vehicles,  understanding  driving  habits  of  workforce,  tracking  vehicle  idling  fuel
__label__assetoperationsoptimization usage  trends,  and  predicting  vehicle  failures  .  with  the  existing  fleet  tracking  systems,  they  had  no  means  to  track  their  fleet  of  vehicles  in  realtime;  to  avoid  any  breakdown,  failure,  or  delay  in  their  supply  chain  operations.  there  were  no  insights  for  the  companies  to  understand  the  driving  habits  of  workforce  like  harsh  braking,  cornering,  etc.,  due  to  which  they  were  unable  to  put  focus  on  improving  the  performance  of  inefficient  discourteous  drivers  through  trainings.  in  addition,  they  had  no  means  to  identify  unplanned  stops  of  each  vehicle,  drive  time  versus  customer  service  time  and  vehicle  idle  time.  in  addition,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization their  existing  system  lacked  capabilities  to  track  vehicle  idling  fuel  usage  trends  to  optimize  fuel  consumption,  making  it  impossible  to  set  up  a  costeffective  fleet  optimization  engine.  unexpected  failure/breakdown  of  vehicles  resulted  in  a  huge  loss  in  vehicle  productivity  and  maintenance  costs.  also,  their  existing  manual  process  for  vehicle  repairs  and  maintenance  was  timeconsuming.  our  client  wanted  to  address  all  these  impediments  smartly  with  an  efficient  iot  fleet  management  solution  that  utilizes  diagnostic  data  of  the  vehicles,  drivers  and  history  of  unplanned  events.  and,  such  data  needs  to  be  obtained  from  installed  gps  enabled  devices  iot  assets  in  the  vehicles.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization these  devices  provide  information  such  as  vehicle  speed,  engine  coolant  temperature  rpm,  trip  mileage/fuel  consumption,  hard  acceleration/brake,  engine  idle  time  etc.  by  analyzing  the  collected  data,  a  complete  picture  of  realtime  operations  can  be  made  available.  these  insights  would  help  them  select  the  most  appropriate  route,  maximize  uptime,  control  costs,  and  reduce  fuel;  thereby  boosting  productivity,  increasing  operational  efficiency,  and  optimizing  fleet.  however,  to  architect  such  a  solution  they  required  an  integrated  iot  data  analytics  platform;  which  supports  any  kind  of  device  and  possesses  an  ability  to  perform  analytics  for  critical  insights.  to  create  such  a  robust  predictive  analytics  fleet
__label__assetoperationsoptimization management  solution,  they  engaged  saviant  as  their  azure  iot  hub,  azure  table  storage,  stream  analytics,  event  hub,  azure  ml,  app  service  power  bi  saviants  coldchain  monitoring  logistics  expertise  helped  create  an  iot  fleet  management  solution,  using  azure  platform,  that  provides  intelligent  business  insights  to  improve  fleet  operational  efficiency.  the  solution  creates  a  positive  impact  on  iot  vehicle  tracking,  preventive  vehicle  maintenance,  driver  performance  and  overall  fleet  operations.  the  clients  logistics  customers  can  login  to  a  web  portal  to  track  monitor  their  vehicles,  schedule  maintenance  activities,  supervise  driver  behavior  and  predict  asset  failure  for  improved  operational  efficiency  and  faster  operational  support.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization however,  three  major  challenges  were  faced  while  devising  the  smart  fleet  management  iot  solution;  how  to  provide  support  to  any  iot  device  installed  in  the  vehicle,  how  to  receive  data  from  the  respective  iot  devices  and  how  to  analyze  the  collected  iot  data.  saviants  team  of  iot  data  analytics  consultants  overcame  these  obstacles  by  developing  the  solution  architecture  leveraging  microsoft  azure  iot  suite.  the  iot  gateway  supports  any  kind  of  iot  devices  such  as  gl213  and  618;  which  are  gps  vehicle  tracking  devices  that  collect  data  related  to  vehicle  speed,  engine  coolant  temperature  rpm,  trip  mileage/fuel  consumption,  hard  acceleration/brake,  engine
__label__assetoperationsoptimization idle  time  etc.  the  analytics  engine  leverages  this  collected  iot  vehicle  tracking  data  to  derive  realtime  predictive  insights  and  power  bi  tool  helped  to  generate  various  analytics  reports  for  intelligent  decisionmaking.  although  this  smart  fleet  management  iot  solution  was  delivered  as  a  proofofconcept,  our  middle  east  client  was  impressed  on  gaining  visible  potential  benefits,  one  of  which  includes  the  solutions  scalability  to  handle  up  to  5000  vehicles.  the  iot  fleet  management  solution  helps  in  taking  intelligent  actions  quickly,  to  manage  their  fleet  of  vehicles  effectively.  this  iot  solution  is  backed  by  azure  based  fleet  analytics  engine  that  provides  deep  insights
__label__assetoperationsoptimization into  driver  performance,  fuel  usage  trends,  realtime  vehicle  tracking  and  predictive  maintenance  of  vehicles.  these  insights  help  in  overall  improvement  of  operational  efficiency,  thereby  maximizing  business  outcomes.  solution  enabled  connect  500,000  smart  meters  with  increased  battery  life  of  meter  by  50  and  reduced  communication  time  to  200300  ms.  iiot  solution  connects  3000  enddevices  and  supports  robust  data  management  system  to  house  upto  150  gb  of  data  records  per  day.  food  service  specialist  unlocks  actionable  insights  on  food  temperature  delivery  driver  performance  for  intelligent  decisionmaking.  saviant  is  the  preferred  data  analytics  intelligent  solutions  partner  for  leading  assetintensive  and  fieldforce  driven  enterprises
__label__assetoperationsoptimization across  industries  like  energy,  utilities,  logistics  construction.  we  are  the  trusted  technology  advisors  and  implementation  partners  for  their  strategic  initiatives  around  data  analytics,  iot,  cloud  mobility.  i  can  trust  them  to  do  their  best  and  get  a  successful  outcome.  they  have  a  very  handson  approach  towards  problemsolving.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thinkstock  every  nascent  industry  needs  a  killer  app.  but  in  the  internet  of  things  realm,  it  can  be  hard  toidentify  the  most  promising  use  cases.  for  one  thing,  the  field  is  gargantuan,  including  everything  from  drones  to  connected  jet  engines.  in  addition,  some  of  the  most  powerful  iot  use  cases  recede  into  the  background  where  they  quietly  work  to  boost  uptime,  performance  and  overall  manageability.  weve  rounded  up  11  promising  iot  use  cases  that  are  quietly  shifting  everything  from  wine  cultivation  to  how  utilities  manage  the  power  grid.  a  handful  of  companies  are  using  connected  technology  to  keep  track  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization pest  populations.  there  is,  for  instance,  semios,  which  uses  sensors  and  machine  vision  technology  to  track  pest  populations  in  orchards,  vineyards,  and  other  agricultural  settings.  and  then  there  is  iot  box  systems,  a  company  that  makes  connected  bait  stations,  traps,  and  cages  that  inform  the  user  when  they  have  caught  an  animal.  general  electric  has  been  touting  the  benefits  of  creating  an  electricity  value  network,  in  which  digitization  creates  allows  for  visualization  across  the  entire  electricity  system.  a  is  bord  gis  energys  whitegate  power  plant,  a  445mw  gas  combinedcycle  plant  25  miles  east  of  cork,  ireland.  there  are  141  sensors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization across  the  plant  that  provide  roundtheclock  monitoring  and  diagnostics  of  existing  hardware.  whitehouse  engineers  receive  operational  recommendations  through  the  software  and  data  analytics,  and  also  get  a  single,  consolidated  picture  of  whitehouses  performance.  the  system  provides  more  early  warnings,  and  improved  efficiency  when  it  came  to  using  natural  gas.  additional  advanced  controls  from  ge  have  also  enabled  improved  performance  for  the  fleet  of  ge  turbines  at  the  whitehouse.  the  result  has  been  a  2.28  million  about  2.43  million  positive  financial  impact  at  the  plant.  bombardier  last  year  showed  off  its  new  cseries  jetliner,  which  boasted  pratt  whitneys  geared  turbo  fan
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gtf  engine  and  its  5,000  sensors  producing  as  much  as  10  gb  of  data  each  second,  .  why  would  a  jet  engine  need  so  many  sensors,  especially  since  many  modern  engines  have  fewer  than  250  sensors?  aviation  week  reports  that  the  pratt  whitney  engine  offers  artificial  intelligence  capabilities  to  predict  future  engine  demands  and  adjust  the  engine  accordingly.  the  gtf  engines  consume  as  much  as  15  less  fuel  than  average  jet  engines,  and  also  have  reduced  emissions  and  noise.  however,  in  an  industry  still  struggling  with  integration  across  legacy  systems,  chief  information  officers  face  challenges  in  getting  the  underlying  architecture
__label__assetoperationsoptimization right  as  well  as  addressing  security  issues.  winemakers  in  the  mosel  valley  in  southwest  germany  are  using  an  internet  of  things  system  called  tracovino,  developed  by  myomega,  ,  which  provided  the  device  connection  platform  used  in  the  telenor  connexion  infrastructure  supporting  tracovino.  in  this  iot  use  case,  sensors  across  the  vineyard  upload  data  on  such  metrics  as  soil  humidity,  air  humidity,  sunshine,  and  intensity  of  sunshine,  temperature  and  rainfall  to  the  cloud.  at  the  700yearold  reinhold  haart  estate  in  piesport,  germany,  tracovino  enables  the  vineyard  workers  to  do  the  right  work  at  the  right  time,  and  avoid  bad  decisions  during
__label__assetoperationsoptimization harvest  that  could  affect  the  quality  of  reinhold  haarts  riesling,  winemaker  and  part  owner  johannes  haart  told  ericsson.  tracovino  has  also  enabled  reinhold  haart  to  improve  sustainability  by  better  limiting  the  use  of  pesticides.  another  winery,  salt  creek  vineyard  in  massachusetts  tends  to  over  12,000  vines  in  three  fields  and  has  built  up  strong  wholesale  and  retail  business  lines.  to  help  overcome  challenges  related  to  groundwater  and  microclimate  management,  salt  creek  has  deployed  iot  sensors,  dell  gateways  and  solar  panels  to  help  increase  growth  and  profit  while  lowering  water  and  energy  consumption.  additionally,  salt  creek  uses  iot  technology  to  monitor
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ph  levels  in  soil  and  water,  both  of  which  are  critical  to  optimal  vineyard  performance  and  good  tasting  wine.  iot  technology  could  help  beekeepers  better  combat  ,  in  which  honeybee  stocks  have  died  off  at  rapid  rates.  andreas  nickel,  a  germanybased  sap  development  project  manager  and  recreational  beekeeper,  built  a  beehive  scale  that  sends  an  alert  to  his  cellphone  or  computer  when  a  major  change  in  hive  weight  takes  place,  according  to  an  .  the  alert  helps  nickel  know  if,  say,  a  hive  has  tipped  over,  food  has  run  low,  or  the  bees  are  having  trouble  gathering  pollen  from  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization surrounding  area.  researchers  are  interested  in  connected  sensor  systems  that  track  everything  from  hive  temperature  and  humidity  to  the  effects  of  noise  and  light.  barcelona,  spain,  alone  is  expected  to  save  4  billion  over  the  next  10  years  because  it  is  using  the  connectivity  to  make  its  trash  collection  more  efficient,  .  barcelona  is  among  a  number  of  cities  in  spain,  mexico,  israel  and  elsewhere  adopting  ,  a  wireless  autonomous  sensor  that  uses  ultrasound  to  tell  how  full  a  trash  bin  is.  the  information  is  transmitted  to  a  urbiotica  software  platform  that  links  up  with  systems  meant  to  optimize  trash
__label__assetoperationsoptimization collection  routes.  the  sensor  is  helpful  in  cases  where  waste  is  being  produced  at  rates  that  are  slower  or  more  variable.  optimizing  routes  also  means  less  traffic  and  truck  emissions.  other  companies,  such  as  irelandbased  ,  are  also  active  in  the  trash  bin  sensors  market.  the  port  of  new  bedford,  in  massachusetts,  is  the  no.  1  one  fishing  port  in  america  for  the  12th  straight  year  in  a  row,  known  for  highmargin  scallop  shipping  operations.  when  faced  with  the  challenge  to  limit  illegal  fishing  practices,  the  port  installed  dell  edge  gateways,  with  v5  systems  solar  video  surveillance  technologies  to  better
__label__assetoperationsoptimization track  who  was  coming  in  and  out  of  the  port.  both  the  south  terminal  and  palmers  island  lighthouse  are  using  these  technologies  to  monitor  fishing  practices  and  to  better  understand  the  health  of  the  underwater  environment.  in  austin,  texas;  los  angeles;  arizona;  ,  wisconsin;  and  elsewhere  have  been  trying  out  a  system  called  that  eliminates  the  need  for  police  to  engage  in  dangerous  highspeed  chases  of  suspects.  an  air  compressor  launcher  on  the  front  of  the  patrol  car  fires  a  sticky  gps  locator  with  a  transmitter.  police  can  then  remotely  track  the  vehicle  versus  chasing  it,  apprehending  the  suspect  when
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thevehicle  stops.  the  amazon  basin  conservation  associations  los  amigos  conservancy  concession  has  started  using  small  remotely  controlled  planes  to  monitor  550  square  miles  of  peruvian  amazon  for  illegal  logging  and  mining,  .  the  drones  will  allow  the  handful  of  rangers  to  quickly  investigate  reports  of  deforestation,  a  major  improvement  over  having  to  travel  into  remote  parts  of  the  jungle  over  unpaved  roads.  exara  has  taken  an  innovative  approach  to  fieldbased  intelligence  for  companies  in  the  oil  and  gas  industries.  exara  is  helping  industrial  companies  gather,  analyze,  store  and  relay  data  from  oil  field  equipment  resulting  in  cost  savings,  reduced  maintenance
__label__assetoperationsoptimization costs,  lengthened  machinery  lifespan  and  more  efficient  performance  for  workloads  in  demanding  environments.  customers  have  reported  that  theyve  cut  power  use  by  43  percent  and  achieved  60,000  in  annual  savings  per  site.  humans  are  the  cause  of  the  vast  majority  of  car  accidents.  a  significant  proportion  of  accidents  are  the  results  of  distracted  driving.  u.s.  regulators  want  to  cut  smartphonerelated  traffic  injuries  by  encouraging  tech  companies  to  restrict  access  to  apps  when  a  driver  uses  them.  but  companies  like  zendrive  have  developed  technologythat  uses  sensors  built  into  smartphones  to  gauge  driver  behavior.  once  sufficient  data  is  collected,  the  app  can
__label__assetoperationsoptimization offer  coaching  to  make  drivers  safer.  the  company  is  targeting  both  insurance  companies  and  fleet  managers.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization las  vegas,  united  states  christian  melendez  may  lai  james  maudslay  principal  global  solutions  architect  at  equinix  emea  digital  transformation  is  driving  the  commercial  vehicle  transportation  industry  with  mobile  and  wireless  devices  empowered  by  telematics  and  the  internet  of  things  iot  technologies.  in  fact,  as  of  december  18,  2017,  the  federal  motor  carrier  safety  administration  mandated  that  commercial  vehicle  carriers  and  their  drivers  use  an  electronic  logging  device  eld  to  record  a  drivers  record  of  duty  status  rods.  this  means  the  approximately  in  longhaul  service  must  use  an  iot  device  connected  to  the  vehicles  engine  and  wireless  smartphones  and  tablets  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization collect  and  report  data,  rather  than  manually  maintaining  a  log  book  of  their  rods  i.e.,  mileage,  driving  and  idling  time,  driving  behavior,  etc..  this  ruling  addresses  the  industrys  issues  with  the  inaccuracy  and  inefficiency  associated  with  manual  record  keeping,  including  and  the  overall  industry  spending  at  least  51  million  hours  annually  reviewing  and  storing  records.  this  ruling  could  potentially  save  millions  of  hours  in  wasted  time  and  possibly  billions  of  dollars  in  increased  efficiency  and  productivity.  however,  not  all  sectors  in  the  industry  are  able  to  fully  realize  its  benefits  and,  as  a  result,  have  pushed  back  on  the  eld
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ruling.  for  example,  the  agricultural  trucking  owners  were  granted  an  exemption  from  eld  for  their  businesses.  a  huge  roadblock  for  aggie  truckers  was  the  lack  of  mobile  access  in  remote  rural  areas  for  the  smartphones,  tablets,  and  other  iot  and  wireless  devices  required  to  meet  eld  standards.  as  with  anything  that  has  to  do  with  digital  technology,  interconnection  anytime,  anywhere  for  any  device  is  vital  to  its  success.  interconnected  telematics  systems  have  contributed  tremendously  to  the  optimization  of  the  commercial  vehicle  transportation  industry.  they  have  increased  driving  efficiency  via  realtime  communications  and  by  leveraging  gps  and  other  navigation  applications  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization direct  drivers  toward  open  roads  and  away  from  any  obstructions  that  could  cause  delays.  they  have  also  helped  reduce  vehicle  idle  times  and  maintenance  costs,  increased  driver  safety  and  job  satisfaction,  and  enhanced  vehicle  performance  and  security.  in  addition,  the  iot  and  other  vehicular  technologies  and  applications  have  been  transforming  transportation  companies  by  enabling  more  indepth  and  accurate  tracking  and  delivery  systems,  not  just  for  their  vehicles  on  the  road,  but  also  for  their  cargo.  for  example,  package  shipping  companies  such  as  fedex  and  ups  can  now  track  the  temperature,  location  and  other  vital  signs  of  a  package  including  when
__label__assetoperationsoptimization its  opened  and  whether  it  was  tampered  with  along  the  way.  that  is  in  addition  to  determining  the  fastest,  most  costeffective  delivery  route,  right  down  to  where  to  park  vehicles  nearest  to  the  packages  destination.  together,  telematics  and  iot  technologies  are  changing  the  entire  landscape  of  the  commercial  transportation  industry,  as  well  as  every  industry  that  is  reliant  on  its  vehicles  to  do  business.  new  digital  supply  chains  and  ecosystems  are  coming  together  to  create  a  global  digital  vehicle  transportation  business,  and  greater  interconnection  is  making  it  possible.  telematics  and  iot  technologies,  along  with  mobile  and  wireless,  have  enabled  thriving
__label__assetoperationsoptimization interconnected  digital  supply  chains  and  thirdparty  ecosystems  to  further  add  value  to  todays  commercial  vehicle  transportation  industry.  they  are  doing  this  by  leveraging  the  distributed  nature  of  mobile  and  wireless,  along  with  the  scalability  of  the  cloud,  to  integrate  telematics  and  iot  technologies  with  business  process  and  back  office  applications  e.g.,  logistics,  inventory  control,  accounting.  the  following  are  examples  of  industries  that  are  leveraging  these  interconnected  digital  supply  chains  and  ecosystems:  take  for  example  grab,  a  singaporebased  technology  company  that  offers  ridehailing  and  logistics  services.  they  collaborated  with  equinix  partner  iguazio  in  our  singapore  equinix  international  business  exchange  ibx  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization center  to  leverage  direct  and  secure,  lowlatency  connectivity  to  the  aws  cloud  and  ,  while  leveraging  the  iot  and  data  analytics  to  report  in  realtime  on  customer  churn,  unique  bookings  and  driver  availability.  they  even  developed  a  heatmap  program  to  identify  where  high  volumes  of  passengers  were  located  relative  to  drivers.  this  enabled  them  to  increase  their  driver  efficiency  and  maximize  profits  in  numerous  aspects  of  their  ridehailing  business.  it  takes  a  distributed,  vendorneutral  interconnection  platform  to  enable  all  these  digital  interactions  and  transactions  between  commercial  vehicle  transportation  firms  and  their  suppliers  and  partners.  this  platform  must  connect  digital  business
__label__assetoperationsoptimization physically  and  virtually  around  the  world,  enabling  companies  to  reach  everywhere,  interconnect  everyone  and  integrate  everything  to  build  future  commercial  automotive  business  models  and  their  respective  supporting  infrastructures  and  services.  you  can  learn  more  about  how  equinix  is  providing  more  than  9,500  companies  globally  that  single  interconnected  business  platform  by  reading  the  you  also  may  be  interested  in  reading  our  infopaper  on  how  the  is  leveraging  an  interconnectionfirst  strategy  to  achieve  greater  automation  and  selfservice.  also,  check  out  our  .  christian  melendez  december  5,  2019  may  lai  december  4,  2019  james  maudslay  december  2,  2019  christian  melendez  may  lai  james
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vehicles  are  moving  data  centers,  connected  inside  and  out,  to  traffic,  weather,  location  and  travel  conditions.  every  vehicle  and  driver  has  a  story.  iot  connected  vehicle  insights  unlocks  the  story  with  contextual  data  to  improve  the  quality  of  your  solutions,  like  tailored  insurance  coverage,  invehicle  experiences,  or  fleet  operations.  sensors  and  everevolving  cognitive  technology  open  up  new  opportunities  for  todays  oems.  learn  how  four  key  iot  strategies  can  help  you  engage  more  with  consumers,  embrace  mobility  and  exploit  the  digital  ecosystem  of  connected  vehicles.  using  the  vehicle  connectivity  and  insights  solution  to  collect,  analyze,  store  and  act  upon  secure  data,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization groupama  is  disrupting  insurance  norms.  an  iotbased,  connected  insurance  experience  enables  groupama  to  create  new  business  models  with  customers  in  the  drivers  seat.  connected  vehicles  are  realtime  decision  engines.  this  feedback  gives  vehicle  operators  the  key  to  improve  fleet  maintenance  and  fleet  performance,  like  optimized  and  personalized  routes.  improve  the  invehicle  experience  using  the  power  of  cognitive  computing  for  better  insurance  policy  models  and  fleet  operations  how?  by  using  vehicle  connectivity  and  iot  connected  vehicles  insights  to  collect,  analyze,  store  and  act  upon  secure  data.this  iotbased,  connected  experience  enables  groupama  to  create  new  business  models  and  put  customers  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization microsofts  been  in  the  internet  of  things  business  since  the  release  of  windows  iot  a  few  years  ago.  today  is  no  exception,  as  the  redmond  giant  has  expanded  their  horizon  of  services  with  the  release  of  robot  operating  system,  an  open  source  set  of  ,  for  windows.  microsoft  plans  to  brings  the  new  software  to  robotic  devices,  such  as  those  used  in  factories  for  manufacturing,  and  even  for  consumer  products,  such  as  automated  floor  vacuums.  robots  arent  new  for  microsoft,  but  their  integration  with  ros  software  is  expected  to  innovate  the  complex  machinery  for  manufacturing,  as  well  as  well  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization connected  systems  used  governments  and  academics.  these  organizations  are  investing  in  what  is  known  as  industry  4.0  which  refers  to  the  next  generation  of  manufacturing,  .  for  those  of  you  who  are  unfamiliar  with  the  internet  of  things,  it  refers  to  the  connected  technology  that  makes  smart  home  appliances  and  devices  like  philips  hue  bulbs,  smart  televisions,  and  connected  speakers  so  smart.  these  devices  are  able  to  communicate  with  each  other,  for  example,  when  you  use  a  or  another  smart  speaker  to  turn  off  the  lights  or  control  the  volume  on  your  tv.  smart  robots  are  another  example,  such  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization internetconnected  floor  vacumns.  internet  of  things  not  only  refers  to  simply  consumer  products,  but  also  the  more  complex  connected  machines  and  robots  used  in  manufacturing.  these  devices  need  to  be  able  to  communicate  not  just  with  each  other,  but  also  must  be  able  to  sense  the  world  around  them  using  special  sensors.  microsoft  has  the  perfect  example  of  smart  robots,  which  they  showcased  at  the  roscon  2018  event,  located  in  madrid,  spain.  at  the  event,  the  tech  giant  demonstrated  the  robotis  turtlebot  3,  a  robot  capable  recognizing  and  steering  towards  whichever  person  is  detected  as  being  the  closest  in  proximity.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  another  example,  microsoft  showed  off  many  smaller  robotic  devices  capable  of  controlling  an  orchestra  system.  this  system  of  devices  is  powered  though  microsofts  cloud  server  azure,  which  is  built  for  enterprises  which  lease  resources  from  the  service  to  power  applications  through  the  cloud.  this  system  is  controlled  though  azures  iot  hub.  with  this  new  software,  microsoft  should  bring  advanced  capabilities  to  make  manufacturing  efficient  and  effective.  do  you  believe  microsofts  integration  with  ros  software  to  will  innovate  the  next  generation  of  manufacturing?  show  us  your  thoughts  and  discussions  in  the  comments  below.  updated  for  clarity  10/9/2018
__label__assetoperationsoptimization bringing  the  intelligent  edge  to  robots  with  ros  on  windows  10  and  azure.  the  robot  operating  system  ros  is  a  set  of  software  libraries  and  tools  that  help  you  build  robot  applications.  visual  studio  code  ros  extension  azure  kinect  windows  ai  platform  azure  iot  hub  azure  dev  ops  for  robotics  azure  vm  for  robotics  rosindustrial  is  an  opensource  project  that  extends  the  advanced  capabilities  of  ros  software  to  manufacturing.  our  membership  has  expresssed  significant  interest  in  developments  that  will  bring  advanced  capabilities  of  ros  to  industrial  applications  on  the  windows  platform  and  enable  richer  integration  with  other  microsoft  tools.  matthew
__label__assetoperationsoptimization m.  robinson  rosindustrial  consortium  americas  microsoft  is  working  with  open  robotics  and  the  ros  industrial  consortium  to  bring  the  robot  operating  system  to  windows.  this  development  brings  the  manageability  and  security  of  windows  10  iot  enterprise  to  the  innovative  ros  ecosystem.  were  excited  to  add  windows  iot  as  a  supported  platform  for  ros.  the  ros  developer  community  can  now  take  advantage  of  a  wide  array  of  features  in  windows  iot,  including  hardwareaccelerated  machine  learning,  computer  vision,  and  cloud  capabilities  such  as  azure  cognitive  services.  i  look  forward  to  seeing  the  next  generation  of  windows  iotsupported  ros  applications.  brian  gerkey  ceo,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization open  robotics  windows  has  been  a  trusted  part  of  robotic  and  industrial  systems  for  decades.  with  ros  for  windows,  developers  will  be  able  to  use  the  familiar  visual  studio  toolset  along  with  rich  ai  and  cloud  features.  ros  on  the  iot  show  ros  on  the  decoded  show  ros  community  ros  documentation  ros  industrial  2019  microsoft  corporation.  all  rights  reserved
__label__assetoperationsoptimization from  tiny  toys  on  supermarket  shelves  to  buildingsized  material  haulers,  todays  robots  come  in  all  shapes  and  sizes.  and  thanks  to  a  range  of  advancements  in  their  components  and  technologies,  they  are  also  becoming  more  capable  and  cost  effective.  robots  may  be  the  ultimate  intelligent  edge  device.  a  robot  needs  to  observe  the  world  using  many  sensors,  and  reason  about  what  it  has  observed  in  order  to  develop  a  plan  of  action.  it  then  needs  to  perform  those  actions  quickly  and  safely,  often  with  limited  internet  connectivity.  one  of  the  most  popular  frameworks  for  building  that  complex  functionality  is  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization maintained  by  ,  a  mature,  open  source  robotics  framework  used  worldwide  for  commercial  and  research  applications.  ros  interoperability,  body  of  samples,  and  community  make  it  valuable  for  building  an  automated  solution.  last  fall  at  the  roscon  2018  conference  in  madrid,  we  announced  an  .  since  then,  weve  been  working  with  open  robotics  to  build  out  support  for  ros.  this  week  at  the  microsoft  build  conference  in  seattle,  we  are  pleased  to  announce  the  culmination  of  those  efforts:  ros  is  now  generally  available  on  .  windows  10  iot  enterprise  provides  the  full  power  of  windows  10,  packaged  to  meet  the  needs
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  iot  and  intelligent  edge  devices.  it  shares  all  the  benefits  of  the  worldwide  windows  ecosystema  rich  device  platform,  worldclass  developer  tools,  integrated  security,  longterm  support  and  a  global  partner  network.  were  excited  to  add  windows  iot  as  a  supported  platform  for  ros.  the  ros  developer  community  can  now  take  advantage  of  a  wide  array  features  in  windows  iot,  including  hardwareaccelerated  machine  learning,  computer  vision  and  cloud  capabilities  such  as  azure  cognitive  services.  i  look  forward  to  seeing  the  next  generation  of  windows  iotsupported  ros  applications.  brian  gerkey,  ceo  of  open  robotics.  with  support  for  ros,  the  windows  platform  now
__label__assetoperationsoptimization provides  a  fast,  safe,  smart  and  manageable  foundation  for  robotics  solutions  that  also  allows  developers  to  do  more  at  the  edge  using  machine  learning  capabilities  and  all  the  scalability  and  power  of  azure  iot:  these  capabilities  add  to  the  thousands  of  behaviors,  skills  and  drivers  already  developed  by  the  ros  community  that  can  be  composed  to  create  the  mind  of  a  robot.  with  the  core  of  ros  enabled  on  windows  10  iot  enterprise,  many  of  these  components  can  be  made  available  to  windows  with  minimal  effort.  additionally,  microsoft  will  soon  be  adding  functionality  to  a  communitysupported  visual  studio  code  extensionadding
__label__assetoperationsoptimization support  for  windows,  debugging  and  visualization  to  enable  easier  development  for  ros  solutions.  im  along  with  principal  program  manager  lead  james  coliz,  so  be  sure  to  stop  by  if  you  want  to  learn  more  and  see  some  of  these  technologies  in  action.  to  get  started  with  ros  on  windows  now,  please  visit  .  and  to  learn  more  about  what  microsoft  is  doing  at  build  this  week  when  it  comes  to  iot,  see  of  all  the  goingson.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization converging  with  the  growth  of  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning,  robots  are  being  adopted  in  every  sector  imaginable,  including  consumer,  industrial,  healthcare,  and  retail.  according  to  ,  worldwide  robotic  spending,  encompassing  hardware,  software  and  related  services,  is  set  to  reach  us230.7bn  by  2021.  due  to  the  sizeable  market  potential,  demand,  and  evolution  of  technology,  companies  are  seizing  the  opportunity  to  build  robots.  however  as  with  many  other  initiatives  in  the  wider  internet  of  things  iot  industry,  there  are  key  decisions  that  robotic  manufacturers  need  to  make  from  the  development  stage  onwards  to  ensure  they  are  building  a  sustainable,  futureproof,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization secure  robot.  one  of  the  most  important  decisions  to  be  made  is  that  of  the  robots  operating  system.  unfortunately,  this  importance  is  not  always  obvious  until  the  company  is  too  invested  to  change  it,  which  can  lead  to  a  slew  of  delays  or  issues  to  overcome.  the  operating  system  thats  perfect  for  hacking  things  together  may  be  impossible  to  maintain  once  the  robot  reaches  production.  similarly,  the  buildyourown  option  means  maintaining  the  entire  operating  system  backporting  upstream  security  updates,  etc.  for  the  lifetime  of  the  robot.  the  rocksolid,  stable  option  may  end  up  having  versions  of  dependencies  that  are  too
__label__assetoperationsoptimization old  to  use.  that  snazzy  new  one  created  by  a  niche  startup  that  seems  to  tick  all  the  boxes  is  less  appealing  if  they  suddenly  go  out  of  business.  in  submitting  this  form,  i  confirm  that  i  have  read  and  agree  to  the  initial  development  of  the  robot  is  a  critical  time  when  it  comes  to  technology  selection,  both  hardware  and  software.  unless  a  company  is  in  the  habit  of  burning  money,  the  operating  system  used  on  the  robot  during  this  stage  should  also  be  the  one  used  in  production  or  at  least  closely  related.  theres  a  balancing  act  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  had  here:  the  engineering  team  will  naturally  want  the  operating  system  that  best  supports  whatever  theyre  developing,  but  there  are  more  factors  to  be  considered.  regardless  of  other  reasons  used  when  deciding  on  a  given  operating  system,  selecting  one  that  isnt  compatible  with  the  technology  required  libraries,  frameworks,  etc.  is  a  recipe  for  disaster.  the  engineering  team  will  spin  its  wheels  while  competitors  hit  the  market  first.  perhaps  required  libraries  are  written  specifically  for  certain  linux  distributions,  or  the  team  has  settled  on  using  some  middleware  to  enable  faster  development.  for  example,  49  of  the  roboticists  we  polled  were
__label__assetoperationsoptimization using  the  ros.  if  potential  operating  systems  are  evaluated  with  this  in  mind,  it  will  help  lead  to  a  very  streamlined  development  process.  the  compatibility  with  software  like  ros  and  opencv  makes  the  implementation  and  testing  of  tennibots  algorithms  an  easy  task....  in  addition,  ubuntu  is  so  versatile  with  different  sensors  and  components  that  it  really  makes  it  the  more  superior  option  for  us.  hardware  compatibility  should  also  be  a  primary  concern,  for  much  the  same  reason  as  software:  a  significant  chunk  of  time  will  be  spent  ensuring  components  to  work  together  before  any  real  progress  can  be  made  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  robot  itself.  for  example,  its  not  unusual  to  find  hardware  that  requires  drivers  only  written  for  specific  linux  distributions,  or  to  work  with  vendors  that  have  limited  exposure  to  linux  in  general.  ubuntu  ticked  every  box.  it  has  the  outstanding  hardware  support  we  were  looking  for,  and  thanks  to  ubuntus  popularity  in  the  market,  most  vendors  have  plenty  of  experience  in  integrating  with  ubuntu  based  systems.  this  makes  it  much  easier  for  us  to  select  additional  components  and  solutions....  speed  is  a  big  deal  when  developing  any  product;  market  leaders  can  easily  be  determined  simply  by  who  gets  there
__label__assetoperationsoptimization first.  when  a  team  is  considering  programming  language  options  for  a  new  project,  the  decision  is  heavily  influenced  by  the  teams  familiarity  with  said  language.  this  isnt  necessarily  because  the  team  is  resistant  to  change,  but  because  they  know  they  can  produce  higherquality  work  in  less  time  if  they  can  use  a  familiar  language.  a  similar  consideration  must  be  made  when  looking  at  operating  systems:  if  the  engineering  team  isnt  already  familiar  with  it,  time  to  market  will  be  delayed  as  they  learn  its  ins  and  outs.  a  robot  is  rarely  a  standalone  device:  it  often  needs  to  seamlessly  interact
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  other  devices.  the  other  device  may  be  as  simple  as  a  digital  twin  for  hardware  intheloop  testing,  but  in  general,  offdevice  computation  is  getting  more  popular  in  robotics.  cloud  robotics,  speech  processing,  and  machine  learning  are  all  usecases  that  can  benefit  from  processing  information  in  a  server  farm  instead  of  on  a  resourceconstrained  robot.  if  possible,  it  makes  a  lot  of  sense  to  use  the  same  operating  system  on  the  robot  as  in  the  cloud.  it  prevents  division  of  domain  knowledge,  and  keeps  processes  the  same,  decreasing  development  time  of  both  the  client  and  server  components.  the  ,  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization example,  are  creating  a  range  of  farming  robots.  rather  than  make  one  large,  expensive  robot  capable  of  a  number  of  tasks,  theyre  making  a  number  of  small,  specialised  robots  each  of  which  is  responsible  for  specific  tasks.  this  makes  the  process  of  taking  care  of  a  field  into  a  coordinated  dance  of  multiple  systems  that  need  to  communicate  and  work  together.  if  anyone  understands  how  important  it  is  to  have  a  smooth  integration  process  between  systems,  its  their  chief  roboticist,  joe  allnutt:  at  the  small  robot  company  we  use  ubuntu  on  our  farming  robots,  on  their  onfarm  bases  kennels,  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization our  development  machines  and  have  instances  running  in  the  cloud  on  aws.  ubuntu  provides  a  consistent,  secure  and  well  understood  foundation  for  our  systems.  one  of  the  many  joys  of  engineering  is  problemsolving.  however,  every  engineer  gets  to  the  point  where  they  need  some  help.  where  do  they  turn?  of  course,  it  depends  on  the  problem.  if  they  need  help  with  the  operating  system,  they  often  turn  to  the  community  around  that  distribution,  where  more  often  than  not,  others  are  experiencing  the  same  issues.  for  example,  ubuntu  has  community  support  through  its  ,  ,  the  ,  ,  as  well  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization various  and  .  ubuntus  extensive  community  support  makes  it  a  great  choice  for  our  technical  team.  theyre  able  to  seek  advice  and  find  solutions  to  issues  quickly,  which  helps  us  accelerate  the  development  process  even  further.  community  support  is  one  of  the  best  things  about  linux,  but  its  not  always  perfect.  sometimes  no  one  responds,  no  one  knows,  or  no  one  has  time  to  figure  it  out  right  now.  what  happens  then?  the  ability  to  get  reliable,  predictable,  professional  support  for  the  operating  system  of  choice  is  important,  from  assistance  in  the  product  design  all  the  way  to  extended  software
__label__assetoperationsoptimization support.  on  the  other  hand,  what  if  the  issues  have  nothing  to  do  with  the  operating  system  at  all?  the  operating  system  can  still  be  an  important  part  of  obtaining  support.  for  example,  ros  only  hosts  package  repositories  for  debian  and  ubuntu,  which  means  that  the  use  of  those  operating  systems  are  essentially  assumed  whenever  one  asks  for  help.  once  a  robot  starts  the  move  from  development  to  production  and  maintenance,  new  factors  come  into  play.  if  this  part  of  the  picture  wasnt  taken  into  account  prior  to  reaching  this  stage,  there  will  be  pain  as  the  company  either  just
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ships  what  they  already  have,  or  scramble  to  engineer  solutions  to  problems  that  could  have  already  been  solved.  this  is  likely  to  result  in  a  delayed  entry  into  the  market,  lost  profits,  higher  support  costs,  and  probably  its  own  set  of  technical  problems.  it  doesnt  take  long  to  find  examples  of  companies  who  started  shipping  devices  without  considering  the  need  to  update  them.  the  internet  of  things  market  is  flooded  with  them.  with  the  rush  to  get  devices  to  market,  its  not  at  all  rare  to  find  devices  with  hardcoded  credentials,  development  keys,  various  security  vulnerabilities,  and  no  update  path.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  mirai  botnet  is  an  excellent  example  of  this.  it  infected  so  many  devices  that  it  amassed  the  bandwidth  to  take  internet  giants  like  twitter,  paypal,  and  spotify  offline  back  in  2016.  how  did  it  infect  these  devices?  by  using  default,  hardcoded  credentials.  did  the  companies  who  created  them  react  quickly  and  release  updates  to  all  those  devices  in  order  to  secure  them?  no,  in  the  absence  of  an  update  plan,  they  were  forced  to  recall  them.  the  cost  of  figuring  out  a  good  update  story  up  front  pales  in  comparison  to  that  of  a  mass  recall.  theres  also  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization less  dramatic  example  of  customers  hitting  a  bug,  or  the  company  wanting  to  enable  a  new  feature.  being  able  to  do  this  quickly  and  cheaply  without  causing  customer  frustration  is  paramount.  there  are  a  few  ways  to  achieve  this:  first  of  all,  if  the  number  of  customers  is  small,  it  is  feasible  to  use  a  field  engineer,  traveling  to  customers  and  updating  them.  this  provides  the  utmost  control,  but  it  doesnt  scale  well,  and  quickly  becomes  astronomically  expensive  as  either  the  number  of  updates  or  the  number  of  customers  rise.  a  second,  more  common  method  is  firmware  downloads:  bundling  all
__label__assetoperationsoptimization updates  into  a  single  downloadable  image  which  is  then  flashed  to  the  device.  this  scales  better  with  the  number  of  updates  or  customers,  but  it  requires  the  engineering  of  infrastructure  to  host  the  update,  as  well  as  software  to  robustly  apply  it.  also,  what  happens  if  the  update  bricks  the  robot?  a  recovery  plan  also  needs  to  be  developed.  all  of  these  things  take  time  and  money.  the  optimum  solution  is  to  select  an  operating  system  that  has  this  functionality  built  into  it,  like  those  that  support  .  a  company  using  snaps  for  their  software  immediately  solves  all  these  problems
__label__assetoperationsoptimization at  once:  theyre  fast  and  easy,  use  infrastructure  that  already  exists  the  snap  store,  update  automatically  when  an  update  is  released,  and  have  rollback/disaster  recovery  built  in.  ideally,  though,  these  advantages  would  cover  the  entire  operating  system,  not  just  the  software  the  company  puts  on  top.  theres  only  one  operating  system  that  uses  snaps  for  everything,  including  the  inner  workings  of  the  operating  system  itself:  .  in  addition  to  considering  how  operating  system  updates  are  delivered,  one  must  consider  for  how  long  those  updates  will  be  delivered.  specific  versions  of  operating  systems  are  typically  only  supported  for  a  set  amount
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  time.  for  example,  longterm  support  releases  of  android  things  are  ,  whereas  ubuntu  and  ubuntu  core  are  or  even  longer  with  .  if  the  supported  lifespan  of  the  operating  system  is  shorter  than  the  anticipated  lifespan  of  the  robot  being  produced,  it  will  eventually  stop  getting  updates,  potentially  falling  prey  to  the  mirai  botnets  of  tomorrow.  at  the  very  least,  it  will  force  the  company  to  devise  a  new  plan  for  security  updates  incurring  additional  expense  and  time  that  wasnt  accounted  for  during  development.  actually  shipping  and  maintaining  robots  might  be  the  final  story  for  some,  but  it  shouldnt
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be,  and  it  certainly  isnt  the  strategy  necessary  to  retain  customers  and  extend  the  robots  lifespan.  how  does  it  stay  relevant  as  competitors  come  out  with  newer  products?  the  iphone  serves  as  a  good  example,  here.  the  first  iphone,  released  in  2007,  ran  iphone  os  1,  which  did  not  support  thirdparty  applications.  how  long  would  it  have  stayed  relevant  if  they  continued  down  that  path?  after  the  newness  wore  off,  a  vast  number  of  users  would  likely  have  jumped  to  something  else.  however,  it  wasnt  long  before  iphone  os  2  came  out,  which  included  the  app  store.  the  rest  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization history.  this  isnt  something  that  will  apply  to  all  robotic  platforms,  but  its  something  that  should  be  considered.  depending  on  the  purpose  of  the  robot,  one  could  actually  open  it  up  completely,  allowing  control  or  sensor  use  via  apis,  and  then  support  a  thirdparty  app  store  of  some  kind  such  as  the  .  this  can  increase  the  longevity  of  the  robot  by  essentially  allowing  third  parties  to  have  another  vision  for  it,  but  this  depends  on  the  robot  being  pretty  general  purpose.  even  if  the  robot  isnt  generalpurpose  they  rarely  are,  an  app  store  can  open  up  alternative  revenue  streams,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization where  new  functionality  can  be  provided  in  exchange  for  a  fee,  or  on  a  subscription  basis.  if  a  company  adopts  a  private  store  e.g.  a  iot  app  ,  it  could  open  it  up  to  select  partners  as  well,  opening  the  door  to  collaboration  and  mutual  benefit.  take  rigado,  for  example.  they  create  edge  gateways  for  largescale  commercial  iot  deployments.  every  customer  has  slightly  different  requirements,  so  these  gateways  can  actually  be  customised  using  a  curated  list  of  applications  in  their  app  store.  not  only  does  this  allow  the  device  to  be  used  in  different  industries,  but  rigado  is  planning  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization extend  this  capability  to  allow  business  partners  to  provide  furthercustomised  app  stores  to  their  customers.  the  field  of  robotics  is  moving  in  the  same  direction  as  other  devices  that  make  up  the  iot:  smarter  and  always  connected.  the  importance  of  the  operating  system  running  on  a  platform  like  this  cannot  be  understated.  throughout  the  entire  lifecycle  of  the  robot,  it  can  be  there  to  either  help  or  hinder.  which  one  depends  on  whether  or  not  the  company  considers  the  entire  picture  before  making  a  decision.  webinar:  blog  series:  case  study:  case  study:  blogs:  if  youre  interested  to  learn  more  about
__label__assetoperationsoptimization months  after  announcing  its  ros  solution  for  windows  10  iot,  microsoft  has  launched  the  open  project  on  github.  microsoft  has  this  week  officially  launched  its  robot  operating  system  ros  for  windows  10  iot  enterprise  customers.  the  company  its  ros  for  windows  10  at  roscon  2018  last  september.  it  is  robotics  framework  that  allows  developers  to  write  software  for  robotics  hardware  in  an  open  source  environment.  developed  by  stanfords  artificial  intelligence  laboratory  and  willow  garage,  ros  allows  improved  performance  in  robotics  hardware.  the  framework  is  maintained  by  open  robotics.  microsofts  ros  integration  for  windows  10  iot  it  built  from  the  ground
__label__assetoperationsoptimization up  to  enhance  open  source  development  of  robotics  solutions.  brian  gerkey,  ceo  of  open  robotics,  said  of  the  introduction:  were  excited  to  add  windows  iot  as  a  supported  platform  for  ros.  the  ros  developer  community  can  now  take  advantage  of  a  wide  array  features  in  windows  iot,  including  hardwareaccelerated  machine  learning,  computer  vision  and  cloud  capabilities  such  as  azure  cognitive  services.  i  look  forward  to  seeing  the  next  generation  of  windows  iotsupported  ros  applications.  ros  provides  developers  with  a  wide  range  of  libraries  and  tools  to  make  creating  complex  robots  more  efficient  and  easier.  it  works  across  an  array  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization robotic  platforms.  by  leveraging  windows  10  iot  alongside  ros,  developers  can  tap  into  microsoft  intelligence  services  such  as  azure  cognitive  services,  windows  machine  learning,  and  .  windows  10  iot  enterprise  provides  the  full  power  of  windows  10,  packaged  to  meet  the  needs  of  iot  and  intelligent  edge  devices.  it  shares  all  the  benefits  of  the  worldwide  windows  ecosystema  rich  device  platform,  worldclass  developer  tools,  integrated  security,  longterm  support  and  a  global  partner  network.  lou  amadio,  principal  software  architect,  windows  iot  microsoft  says  it  will  eventually  bring  ros  functionality  to  a  communitysupported  visual  studio  code  extension.  this  will  be  achieved  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization facilitating  the  spread  of  knowledge  and  innovation  in  professional  software  development  alan  richardson  discusses  lessons  learned  from  writing  commercial  and  open  source  tools,  multiuser  adventure  games,  rest  apis,  test  automation,  and  automating  applications.  chris  gillum  explores  two  stateful  programming  models:  workflows  and  actors.  he  discusses  how  they  can  simplify  development  and  how  they  enable  stateful  and  longrunning  application  patterns  within  ephemeral,  serverless  compute  environments.  he  explains  why  he  is  making  a  bit  bet  on  these  programming  models  in  the  azure  functions  service.  chris  riccomini  talks  about  the  current  stateoftheart  in  data  pipelines  and  data  warehousing,  and  shares  some  of  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization solutions  to  current  problems  dealing  with  data  streaming  and  warehousing.  arvid  torset  and  tatiana  kolesnikova  discuss  a  set  of  flexible  techniques  that  are  applicable  in  different  projects  with  different  stakeholders  and  team  composition,  focusing  on  team  collaboration.  yevgeniy  brikman  talks  about  how  to  write  automated  tests  for  infrastructure  code,  including  the  code  written  for  use  with  tools  such  as  terraform,  docker,  packer,  and  kubernetes.  topics  covered  include:  unit  tests,  integration  tests,  endtoend  tests,  dependency  injection,  test  parallelism,  retries  and  error  handling,  static  analysis,  property  testing  and  ci  /  cd  for  infrastructure  code.  software  dev  conference  oct  03,  2018  2min  read
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  ros,  a  metaoperating  system  for  robot  development,  is  now  available  on  windows  10.  ,  dubbed  ros1,  is  integrated  within  visual  studio  and  includes  a  .  according  to  microsoft,  ros  on  windows  will  evolve  to  include  full  integration  with  gpubased  machine  learning  and  azure  iot  hub.  despite  its  name,  ros  is  not  an  actual  operating  system.  rather,  it  is  a  collection  of  frameworks  and  services  that  provide  operating  systemlike  functionality  running  on  top  of  a  heterogeneous  computer  cluster  powered  by  the  robot  hardware.  ros  services  include  hardware  abstraction,  lowlevel  device  control,  messagepassing  between  processes,  and  package  management.  ros  is  not
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  only  robot  framework  currently  available.  alternative  includes  ,  ,  ,  ,  and  .  what  sets  ros  apart  is  its  design  centered  around  rich  robotic  platforms  using  actuated  sensing  tilting  lasers,  pan/tilt  sensor  heads,  sensors  attached  to  arms  and  its  aim  to  leverage  a  naturally  distributed  computing  environment.  additionally,  ros  aims  to  be  a  thin,  almost  languageindependent  layer  making  it  easy  to  run  rosbased  code  on  other  robotics  platforms.  ros  implementations  exist  in  ,  ,  and  ,  while  support  for  java  an  lua  is  experimental.  the  primary  goal  of  ros  is  to  support  code  reuse  in  robotics  research  and  development.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ros  is  a  distributed  framework  of  processes  aka  nodes  that  enables  executables  to  be  individually  designed  and  loosely  coupled  at  runtime.  these  processes  can  be  grouped  into  packages  and  stacks,  which  can  be  easily  shared  and  distributed.  at  in  madrid,  spain,  .  furthermore,  microsoft  showed  an  azurebased  ros  simulation  environment  demonstrating  a  swarm  of  virtual  robots  connected  to  an  orchestration  system  and  controlled  via  azure  iot  hub.  ros1  requires  a  64bit  windows  10  desktop  or  windows  10  iot  enterprise  edition  and  is  not  yet  enabled  on  windows  10  iot  core.  at  the  time  being,  .  the  build  process  is  not
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  easy  as  it  could  be  desired,  requiring  a  number  of  steps,  but  .  integration  with  .  ros  for  windows  is  not  microsofts  first  foray  into  robotics.  in  fact,  bill  gates  developed  his  vision  in  2007,  following  microsofts  introduction  of  in  2006.  unfortunately,  the  project  never  gained  traction,  ,  and  was  abandoned  in  2012.  microsoft  has  already  announced  it  is  working  on  the  next  version  of  its  ros  windows  port,  ros2,  but  did  not  disclose  what  it  will  bring.  as  usual,  infoq  will  keep  reporting  about  this  project  as  it  progresses.  an  indepth  look  at  the  devops  toolchain  .  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization roundup  of  last  weeks  content  on  infoq  sent  out  every  tuesday.  join  a  community  of  over  250,000  senior  developers.  you  need  to  or  or  login  to  post  comments.  but  theres  so  much  more  behind  being  registered.  allowed  html:  a,b,br,blockquote,i,li,pre,u,ul,p  allowed  html:  a,b,br,blockquote,i,li,pre,u,ul,p  allowed  html:  a,b,br,blockquote,i,li,pre,u,ul,p  a  roundup  of  last  weeks  content  on  infoq  sent  out  every  tuesday.  join  a  community  of  over  250,000  senior  developers.  next  event  software  development  conference  mar  26,  2020  for  a  better  world  we  care  about  the  world  in  which  we  live  and  we  want  to  make  it  a  better  place.  we  are  doing  so  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization .  we  also  ,  which  we  as  a  company,  as  well  as  our  employees,  strongly  believe  in.  infoq.com  and  all  content  copyright  20062019  c4media  inc.  infoq.com  hosted  at  ,  the  best  isp  weve  ever  worked  with.  ,  ,  is  your  profile  uptodate?  please  take  a  moment  to  review  and  update.  note:  if  updating/changing  your  email,  a  validation  request  will  be  sent
__label__assetoperationsoptimization microsoft  last  week  its  plan  to  bring  the  linuxbased  robot  operating  system  to  windows.  the  company  has  just  released  an  experimental  version  of  the  windows  os,  dubbed  ros1,  thats  based  on  the  windows  10  iot  enterprise  edition.  its  release  coincided  with  microsofts  presence  at  the  roscon  2018  event  last  week.  microsoft  has  also  joined  the  open  source  and  is  working  with  the  organization  with  a  focus  on  industrial  robotics  systems.  microsoft  is  promising  to  support  windows  ros  with  visual  studio  integrated  development  environment  tooling.  its  also  adding  connections  to  various  azure  services,  including  cognitive  services,  machine  learning  and  iot.  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization particular,  its  integrating  ros  with  ,  which  is  used  for  the  remote  management  of  systems.  heres  how  microsofts  announcement  described  that  effort:  microsoft  is  also  showcasing  a  ros  simulation  environment  running  in  azure.it  demonstrates  a  swarm  of  robots  running  in  a  virtual  world  connected  to  an  orchestration  system  and  controlled  via  azure  iot  hub.  at  roscon  2018,  microsoft  demonstrated  a  running  the  ros  melodic  morenia  version,  which  is  based  on  windows  10  iot  enterprise.  its  a  small  demo  robot  on  wheels  that  used  intels  small  form  factor  pc  with  an  intel  coffee  lake  processor.  melodic  morenia  is  the  12th  roc
__label__assetoperationsoptimization release,  but  its  previously  been  based  on  linux  oses,  such  as  ubuntu  artful  and  bionic,  as  well  as  debian  stretch.  microsoft  is  planning  to  host  the  windows  build  for  ros1  and  shortly  ros2,  along  with  documentation,  according  to  the  announcement,  although  the  timing  wasnt  described.  windows  ros  is  a  microsoft  .  about  the  author  is  senior  news  producer  for  the  1105  enterprise  computing  group.  free  webcast  heres  your  guide  to  all  the  it  training  sessions,  partner  meetups  and  annual  microsoft  conferences  you  wont  want  to  miss.  from  the  next  major  update  to  windows  10  to  the  next  generation  of  hololens,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization heres  whats  on  tap  from  microsoft  this  year.  the  rollout  of  update  1910  for  microsoft  endpoint  configuration  manager,  formerly  known  as  system  center  configuration  manager  sccm,  has  begun.  microsoft  recently  revealed  its  plan  to  disable  office  365s  delve  blogs  feature  starting  in  december.  sign  up  for  our  newsletter.  i  agree  to  this  sites  .
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ros  is  an  opensource,  metaoperating  system  for  your  robot.  it  provides  the  services  you  would  expect  from  an  operating  system,  including  hardware  abstraction,  lowlevel  device  control,  implementation  of  commonlyused  functionality,  messagepassing  between  processes,  and  package  management.  it  also  provides  tools  and  libraries  for  obtaining,  building,  writing,  and  running  code  across  multiple  computers.  ros  is  similar  in  some  respects  to  robot  frameworks,  such  as  player,  yarp,  orocos,  carmen,  orca,  moos,  and  microsoft  robotics  studio  .  the  ros  runtime  graph  is  a  peertopeer  network  of  processes  potentially  distributed  across  machines  that  are  loosely  coupled  using  the  ros  communication  infrastructure.  ros  implements  several
__label__assetoperationsoptimization different  styles  of  communication,  including  synchronous  rpcstyle  communication  over  services,  asynchronous  streaming  of  data  over  topics,  and  storage  of  data  on  a  parameter  server.  all  these  things  would  be  explained  a  bit  later.  ros  is  not  a  realtime  framework,  though  it  is  possible  to  integrate  ros  with  realtime  code.  many  modern  robot  systems  rely  on  software  that  spans  many  different  processes  and  runs  across  several  different  computers.  for  example:  the  rapid  progress  of  robotics  research  has  resulted  in  a  growing  collection  of  useful  algorithms  for  common  tasks  such  as  navigation,  motion  planning,  mapping,and  many  others.  of  course,  the  existence  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization these  algorithms  is  only  truly  useful  if  there  is  a  way  to  apply  them  in  new  contexts,  without  the  need  to  reimplement  each  algorithm  for  each  new  system.  ros  can  help  to  prevent  this  kind  of  pain  in  at  least  two  important  ways.  as  a  result,  developers  that  use  ros  can  expect  after,  of  course,  climbing  ross  initial  learning  curve  to  focus  more  time  on  experimenting  with  new  ideas,  and  less  time  reinventing  wheels.  one  of  the  reasons  that  software  development  for  robots  is  often  more  challenging  than  other  kinds  of  development  is  that  testing  can  be  timeconsuming  and  errorprone.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization physical  robots  may  not  always  be  available  to  work  with,  and  when  they  are,  the  process  is  sometimes  slow  and  finicky.  working  with  ros  provides  two  effective  workarounds  to  this  problem.  a  crucial  point  for  both  of  these  features  is  that  the  change  is  seamless.  because  the  real  robot,  the  simulator,  and  the  bag  playback  mechanism  can  all  provide  identical  or  at  least  very  similar  interfaces,  your  software  does  not  need  to  be  modified  to  operate  in  these  distinct  scenarios,  and  indeed  need  not  even  know  whether  it  is  talking  to  a  real  robot  or  not.of  course,  ros  is  not
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  only  platform  that  offers  these  capabilities.  what  is  unique  about  ros,  at  least  in  the  authors  judgment,  is  the  level  of  widespread  support  for  ros  across  the  robotics  community.  this  critical  mass  of  support  makes  it  reasonable  to  predict  that  ros  will  continue  to  evolve,  expand,  and  improve  in  the  future.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization machine  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  earlier  this  month,  announced  the  release  of  its  robotic  software,  intera  5.2.  the  new  software  platform  provides  critical  data  insights  to  manufacturers  in  real  time.  for  instance,  rethink  robotics  sawyer  gives  operators  and  line  managers  valuable  data  at  a  glance,  including  metrics  such  as  cycle  time,  part  count,  speed,  and  force.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  marks  the  first  time  that  data  collection  is  available  from  a  collaborative  robot.  called  ,  it  displays  key  performance  indicators  kpis  via  a  customizable  dashboard  on  the  robots  onboard  display,  making  it  accessible  directly  on  the  factory  floor.  the  same  charts  are  also  fed  back  to  the  intera  studio  platform  for  other  members  of  the  manufacturing  team.  sawyer,  the  popular  collaborative  robot  from  rethink  robotics,  now  can  operate  in  the  internet  of  things  with  its  new  intera  software.  the  software  turns  the  robot  into  a  datacollecting  device.  we  spoke  with  jim  lawton,  chief  operating  officer  of  rethink  robotics,  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization learn  more  about  interas  latest  software  developments,  what  users  are  looking  for  from  their  robots,  and  what  the  future  of  robotics  may  bring  for  the  next  five  years.  you  know  were  very  fortunate  to  have  some  customers  that  we  work  with  who  are  supportive,  vocal,  and  are  constantly  giving  us  ideas.  many  of  our  updates  in  our  software  releases  come  directly  from  the  feedback  of  our  customers  and  some  visionary  folks.  so  many  of  our  customers  are  now  starting  to  think  about  how  to  use  smart  robots  in  conjunction  with  the  internet  of  things  iot.  many  of  them  have  initiatives
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  iot,  but  are  unsure  where  to  start.  in  some  cases,  people  just  started  storing  the  data,  but  theyre  still  kind  of  unclear  what  theyre  going  to  do  with  it.  the  approach  we  have  taken  is  to  start  from  the  bottom  and  up;  forget  about  trying  to  do  over  complicated  processes  and  lets  just  start  getting  some  basic  data  about  how  things  are  operating  in  the  work  cell  and  on  the  line.  thats  going  to  help  guide  us  over  time  to  figure  out  in  what  way  to  use  the  data,  how  to  calculate  the  proper  analytics,  and  how  to  apply
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  data.  this  particular  release  of  intera  was  released  with  this  goal  in  mind;  to  help  our  customers  get  started  with  basic  data  gathering.  it  sounds  rudimentary,  but  just  having  information  on  cycle  time,  loop  time,  or  even  how  many  products  passed  inspection  can  provide  great  value.  its  surprising  how  many  manufacturers  dont  have  access  to  basic  data;  the  new  software  allows  our  users  to  get  started.  intera  insights  drives  more  informed  production  decisions  and  saves  manufacturers  time  and  money  by  eliminating  the  need  to  invest  in,  or  create,  another  datacollection  system.  along  with  the  datagathering  ability,  we  have  improved
__label__assetoperationsoptimization our  onboard  vision  by  pairing  it  with  external  cameras,  making  it  easy  to  integrate  external  equipment  with  our  software.  this  will  allow  manufacturers  to  optimize  cycle  time  with  improved  vision,  or  leverage  inhouse  vision  systems  on  sawyer.  we  added  joint  indicators  on  the  head  so  that  you  can  where  the  robotic  arms  relative  to  the  range  of  motion  in  that  joint  this  gives  the  robot  the  ability  to  untangle  its  arms.  also  new  in  the  release  is  the  ability  to  edit  programmed  patternsnot  just  in  the  software,  but  on  the  head  of  the  robot  as  well,  providing  ease  of  use
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  programming.  intera  insights  can  provide  data  information  directly  on  the  headup  display  located  on  the  robot.  softwares  role  helps  makes  robotics  ubiquitous.  due  to  their  ease  of  use,  robots  will  find  homes  in  several  industries,  including  healthcare  and  even  fastfood  services.  our  robots  are  safe  by  design,  making  them  inherently  safe.  the  work  that  has  been  done  in  the  controls,  from  a  mechatronics  perspective,  provides  safety  via  collision  detection  and  object  vision  detection.  this  is  what  places  them  in  the  collaborative  robot  category.  from  a  software  point  of  view,  we  provide  training  for  our  customers,  which  also  helps  us
__label__assetoperationsoptimization determine  any  software  errors  that  could  cause  safety  concerns  from  operator  use.  safety  is  a  large  part  of  any  software  release  evaluation.  the  robots  are  force  sensing,  so  they  can  track  and  monitor  the  force  being  applied  over  time.  they  can  provide  insight  into  the  force  being  applied  at  different  axes  and  different  points  along  the  work  cell.  they  can  provide  data  on  torque,  loop  count,  part  count,  arm  speed,  arm  location  during  pattern  execution,  state  of  the  gripper,  and  the  overall  distribution  of  all  this  data  overtime.  currently,  you  do  have  the  capability  to  extract  the  raw  data,  but
__label__assetoperationsoptimization you  have  to  be  fairly  capable  with  the  process  and  software.  it  is  an  expert  process  today,  but  in  the  future,  we  look  to  make  it  more  straightforward.  we  want  to  make  it  easy  for  everybody  to  be  able  to  bring  out  the  data,  so  we  will  be  looking  at  broader  and  easiertouse  solutions  rather  than  more  technically  oriented  solutions.  i  believe  that  will  be  the  number  one  request  going  forward.  all  of  this  data  is  helpful,  but  how  am  i  going  to  be  able  to  combine  it  with  other  data  sources  or  upload  it  to  the  cloud?  i  suspect
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  the  next  wave  of  updates  will  be  tracking  the  data  and  where  it  will  be  put  into  the  database  and  the  cloud  from  a  local  server.  customers  want  to  be  able  to  start,  operate,  and  analyze  that  data  in  even  more  significant  ways,  or  combine  it  with  data  coming  from  other  sources.  then  they  can  start  doing  some  interesting  work.  intera  studio  can  be  found  on  the  programming  computer  connected  to  the  robot.  it  allows  user  access  to  programming  patterns  and  data  insights.  based  on  the  study  you  are  referring  to,  we  went  through  and  looked  at  a  bunch
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  different  robots  for  potential  weaknesses.  a  handful  of  things  were  identified  that  fell  into  two  categories.  one  of  them  consisted  of  things  that  we  had  already  identified  in  a  previous  release.  all  of  the  robots  now  run  intera  5,  so  the  security  issues  found  in  that  study  related  to  a  previous  software  build.  however,  a  couple  of  the  security  issues  listed  in  that  report  were  done  by  design  for  softwaredevelopment  kit  sdk  users  in  particular.  several  of  our  users  are  professors  or  instructors,  and  they  require  root  access  to  the  robot  software.  these  users  are  not  operating  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization intera  software  at  all;  they  control  the  robot  directly  through  the  sdk  software  build.  securitynot  just  for  robots  but  all  connected  deviceswill  become  like  the  antivirus  model.  hackers  are  constantly  looking  for  new  ways  to  access  your  data,  and  we  as  users  will  constantly  be  looking  to  try  and  gain  a  couple  steps  ahead  in  trying  to  stop  them.  its  a  really  exciting  time  to  be  thinking  about  the  role  that  robots  are  going  to  play.  theyre  going  to  evolve  over  time  and  start  taking  on  interesting  tasks.  five  years  from  now,  were  going  to  look  back  at  what  has
__label__assetoperationsoptimization been  achieved  with  robots  and  not  believe  it  to  have  been  possible.  as  much  as  people  can  list  the  next  five  cool  features  of  robotics,  there  are  going  to  be  five  features  no  one  ever  expected  to  be  achievable.  follow  us:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  miniature  robots  or  minibots  are  small  robots  of  different  types  wheeled,  legged,  airborne  etc  capable  of  communicating  through  microcontrollers  and  sensors  installed  in  them.  one  such  minibot,  zooid,  is  based  on  a  small  microcontroller  packing  a  an  8  kb  ram  and  a  64  kb  rom  operates  with  far  less  power  than  a  robot  operated  by  raspberry  pi.  there  are  other  examples  of  such  small  robots  such  as  the  drone,  cheerson  cx150,  or  the  legged  robot  metabot.  minibots  are  getting  more  and  more  popular  in  the  market.  a  current  trend  bases  software  embedded  in  minibots  on  open  source  frameworks.  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization robot  operating  system  ros  is  a  software  framework  for  robot  application  development  which  has  become  a  de  facto  standard  for  most  areas  in  robotics.  minibots  have  a  number  of  characteristics  in  common  with  lowend  devices  found  in  the  internet  of  things  iot.  compared  to  lowend  iot  devices,  minibots  are  based  on  similar  hardware  and  their  software  follows  similar  trends.  for  instance,  an  iotenabled  actuator  based  on  a  systemonchip  soc  embarking  a  small  microcontroller,  and  a  radio  communicating  with  a  remote  server,  is  very  similar  to  a  simple  radiocontrolled  robot.  lowend  iot  devices  use  similar  radio  modules,  and  software  embedded  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  devices  is  more  and  more  based  on  a  variety  of  open  source,  lightweight  operating  systems.  similarly,  as  for  iot  embedded  systems,  the  network  component  of  minibots  represents  by  itself  in  important  part  of  the  software.  in  fact,  a  wide  variety  of  radio  modules  and  communication  protocols  are  used  on  minibots.  a  research  article  titled,  published  on  hal,  explores  the  integration  and  amalgamation  of  minibots  with  commercial,  open  source  iot  software  and  network  architectures  for  the  programming  and  control  of  the  minibots.  the  authors  of  the  article  clearly  define  their  goals  and  approach  using  which  they  move  towards  meaningful  integration
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  iot  with  miniature  robots.  generally,  lowend  of  robots  are  based  on  programmable  soc,  with  a  microcontroller  running  at  almost  50  mhz,  with  around  10kb  ram,  100kb  flash,  and  a  lowpower  radio.  in  general,  to  achieve  an  acceptable  openloop  control  on  such  robot,  the  required  performance  is  on  the  order  of  transmitting  10  commands  per  second.  for  a  closedloop  control,  however,  an  additional  10  position  data  per  second  should  be  sent  to  the  computer  due  to  the  feedback  controls  involved.  both  ros2  and  riot  are  designed  with  portability  in  mind,  allowing  very  convenient  changing  or  maintenance  of  the  microcontroller  installed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization at  low  costs.  any  ros2  node  that  does  not  rely  on  the  hardware  is  able  to  be  executed  on  any  connected  hardware,  preserving  some  flexibility  in  the  final  application  design.  this  allows  the  nodes  of  rso2  to  be  offloaded  to  desktop  computers  if  the  task  being  performed  on  that  node  is  too  intensive  for  rso2.  the  same  system  is  ported  on  several  platforms.  this,  implicitly,  allows  the  nodes  of  different  systems  to  be  able  to  communicate  together,  independently  of  their  location.  the  interoperability  over  different  interfaces  is  usually  a  complicated  task  in  robotics  when  using  ros.  design  choices  should  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization agnostic  to  communication  protocols  as  much  as  possible.  design  of  minibots  should  be  independent  of  protocol  stacks  used.  where  ros2  defines  api  plugged  in  various  communication  layers;  the  low  level  apis  are  called  ros  middleware  rmw,  whilst  riot  uses  different  types  of  iot  communication  protocols  stacks.  based  on  rmw,  the  researchers  provided  communication  primitives  needed  ros2  by  combining  the  ndn  protocol  stack  provided  by  riot  and  serialization  of  data  using  cbor.  the  concepts  for  communications  of  ros2  are:  ros2  operates  by  sending  and  receiving  messages  on  named  channels,  instead  of  ip  addresses.  the  messages  are  typed  messages  with  a  well
__label__assetoperationsoptimization defined  structure  such  as  in  cdr  and  are  serialized  typically  by  the  rmw.  the  default  communication  middleware  of  ros2  is  an  implementation  of  dds  the  middleware  interface  of  ros2  is  agnostic  to  dds  and  as  such  different  middleware  implementations  are  possible.  the  main  benefits  of  rtps  compared  to  the  initial  protocols  in  ros  are:  ndn  is  an  informationcentric  networking  architecture  that  enables  to  address  data  instead  of  hosts.  ndn  communication  is  driven  by  data  consumers:  instead  of  sending  an  ip  packet,  in  ndn,  a  data  consumer  will  send  an  interest  packet  to  the  network,  containing  a  structured  name  corresponding  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  desired  content.  the  setup  used  is  simple  in  nature  as  it  utilizes  one  publisher  and  one  subscriber  node  for  creating  an  ros2  application.  the  memory  allocation  of  the  system  is  programmed  such  that  at  least  70  of  the  ram  and  flash  memory  is  available  for  extra  functionality  during  normal  operation.  to  evaluate  the  delay  between  the  response  from  the  publisher  and  the  subscriber,  the  data  flow  was  tracked  finely,  from  the  production  by  one  ros2  node  on  one  board  to  its  reception  on  the  ros2  consumer  node,  by  recording  the  precise  time  of  the  data  in  all  software.  loc
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dauphin,  emmanuel  baccelli,  cdric  adjih.  riotros2:  lowcost  robots  in  iot  controlled  via  informationcentric  networking.  7th  ifip/ieee  international  conference  on  performance  evaluation  and  modeling  in  wired  and  wireless  networks  pemwn  2018,  sep  2018,  toulouse,  france.  click  on  a  star  to  rate  it  average  rating  /  5.  vote  count:  follow  us  on  social  media  let  us  improve  this  post  thanks  for  your  feedback  dronebelow.com  innoviz,  an  israelbased  developer  of  solidstate  lidar  sensors  and  perception  software,  has  announced  the  closure  of...  the  story  of  estonias  successful  transition  from  floundering  state  to  digital  hub  all  began  after  the...  during  there:marsconference  in  las  vegas  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization week,  ge  healthcare,  intel,  and  a  number  of  other  ecosystem...  chinese  president  xi  jinping  believes  in  taking  china  on  the  technological  super  highway  with  infrastructure  and...  fetch.ai,  a  cambridgebased  technology  startup  and  deutsche  telekoms  tlabs  announced  a  memorandum  of  understanding  mou  about...  copyright  2017  2019  dronebelow.com  dronebelow.com,  level  1,  16  mcdougall  street,  milton,  brisbane,  qld,  4064,  australia  form  content
__label__assetoperationsoptimization recently,  there  is  rising  interest  in  robots  and  ai  artificial  intelligence.  earlier  this  year,  there  was  a  man  vs.  computer  faceoff  pairing  google  alphago  against  saedol  lee  in  a  go  tournament  that  lead  to  a  lot  of  press  coverage  of  ai.  without  exception,  humanoid  robots  appear  in  the  videos  and  pictures  of  ai  coverage  in  the  press.  ai  and  robot  technology  are  closely  related  and  global  it  companies  share  an  interest  in  and  are  investing  in  both  fields.  google  has  acquired  9  of  the  top  firms  in  the  robotics  industry  that  developed  the  ai  technology  implemented  in  alphago:  google  deepmind,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization autofuss,  bot  dolly,  holomni,  industrial  perception,  redwood,  mekarobotics,  boston  dynamics  and  schaft.  this  is  the  reason  google  is  considered  the  world  leader  in  robotics  instead  of  the  japanese  companies  honda,  sony,  fanuc  and  toshiba  or  the  german  firm  kuka.  atlas  from  the  google  affiliate,  boston  dynamics  source:  there  are  already  accounts  in  the  press  about  softbank,  the  maker  of  the  humanoid  pepper,  forming  a  partnership  with  ibm  watson  to  develop  the  japanese  intelligent  robot  technology  industry.  softbank  pepper  left,  ibm  watsonright  source:  ,  however,  it  will  take  time  to  vitalize  the  humanoid  robot  industry  to  the  degree  the  smartphone  industry
__label__assetoperationsoptimization has  been  developed.  as  various  firms  battle  to  become  the  leader  in  the  industry,  it  will  be  very  much  like  a  war.  iot  is  currently  being  implemented  in  products  such  as  smart  tvs  and  smart  cars,  and  as  the  technology  expands,  experts  are  saying  that  robots  will  be  the  next  items  to  be  integrated.  it  seems  like  robot  software  platforms  in  the  robot  engineering  field  will  be  what  makes  this  a  reality.  today  we  will  take  a  closer  look  at  the  intelligent  robot  software  platforms  that  are  receiving  attention  as  the  next  iot  target.  lets  first  define  what  the  word
__label__assetoperationsoptimization robot  means.  most  of  us  have  a  vague  concept  of  what  a  robot  is,  but  if  we  simply  define  the  word  robot,  the  definition  would  likely  be  something  similar  to  a  machine  that  is  similar  in  form  to  a  human  and  carries  out  operations  or  work  that  a  human  does.  so,  then  how  can  we  define  what  an  intelligent  robot  is?  in  the  definition  of  an  intelligent  robot,  among  these  technologies,  intelligence  technology  can  be  divided  into  3  categories:  sensors,  cognition  and  software.  in  this  article,  we  will  discuss  software  platforms  that  go  into  intelligence  technology.  as  mentioned  before,  competition
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  the  robot  software  platform  industry  has  become  very  heated.  lets  take  a  look  at  the  mrsrs  development  platform  implemented  by  microsoft,  us  developed  ros,  european  icub  and  orocos  as  well  as  the  korean  developed  opros.  ros  is  an  open  source  robot  software  framework  that  offers  various  development  and  debugging  tools  such  as  hardware  abstraction,  subordinate  device  control,  sensing,  detection,  mapping,  motion  planning  functionality,  message  transmission,  package  management  and  development  environments  that  are  required  for  robot  operating  systems.  ros  began  in  may  of  2007  as  a  switchyard  system  for  the  stair  stanford  ai  robot  project  run  by  the  stanford  university
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ai  laboratory.  soon  after,  in  november  of  2007,  willow  garage  received  the  technology  and  began  developing  it  under  the  name  ros,  and  now  the  osrf  open  source  robotics  foundation  is  running  the  ros  project.  currently,  over  20  organizations  are  cooperating  on  development  of  ros  and  it  is  being  offered  publicly  as  open  source  under  the  bsdl  berkeley  software  distribution  license.  ros  first  became  known  through  associations  related  to  robots.  the  rosday  and  roscon  conferences  were  opened  targeting  developers  and  users  while  ros  meetup  is  now  made  up  of  various  communities  in  the  industry.  companies  are  also  actively  developing  robots  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ros.  examples  of  these  robots  are  the  personal  robots  pr2  and  turtlebot  developed  by  willow  garage.  ros  based  pr2  left  and  turtlebot  right  source:  the  main  objective  of  ros  is  to  support  reuse  of  the  code  implemented  in  robot  development.  ros  code  can  be  combined  with  other  robot  software  frameworks  such  as  the  3d  simulator  gazebo,  the  open  source  video  manager  opencv,  pcl  point  cloud  library  and  the  motion  planning  library  moveit  and  many  developers  are  taking  advantage  of  this  feature.  ros  is  expanding  the  development  ecosystem  and  growing  as  the  robot  software  framework  that  is  receiving  the  most  attention.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization codyco  project  source:  the  main  open  source  humanoid  project  in  the  eu  is  icub.  this  project  is  popular  for  offering  electronic  circuitry,  hardware  designs  and  software.  the  software  is  made  public  under  the  gpl  general  public  license.  the  icub  robot  is  made  up  of  53  motors  that  can  move  the  head,  arms,  hands,  waist  and  legs.  laboratories  using  icub  source:  icub  is  being  developed  with  the  motif  of  a  23  year  old  child  and  was  designed  to  have  the  cognition  of  a  small  child  that  learns  through  interaction  with  other  people  using  various  sensor  systems.  since  icub  is  being  developed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization across  many  countries  and  at  many  different  laboratories,  there  is  no  set  output  schedule  but  the  project  is  structured  so  that  rd  is  a  continuous  process.  development  on  orocos  began  in  september  of  2001  and  the  first  version  was  released  in  the  summer  of  2002.  orocos  stands  for  open  robot  control  software  and  was  designed  for  the  development  of  robot  platform  independent  software  framework  for  robots  and  machines  and  a  broad  spectrum  of  free  software  development.  orocos  supports  4  c  libraries  such  as  realtime  toolkit,  kinematics,  dynamics  library  and  bayesian  filtering  library  for  the  application  development  and  building  the  library
__label__assetoperationsoptimization which  is  possible  to  use  is  important  in  projects.  orocos  libraries  source:  orocos  supports  realtime  toolkit  which  has  an  advantage  of  allowing  the  use  of  previously  used  components  and  other  unfamiliar  components.  for  example,  in  2007,  the  berlin  racing  team  entered  the  urban  grand  challenge  competition  with  a  car  implementing  the  orocos  realtime  toolkit.  also,  the  kuka  youbot  was  introduced  to  attendees  of  the  eu  robotics  forum  in  sweden  in  april  of  2011.  but,  orocos  only  offers  the  c  class  structure  without  the  development  tools  or  components  and  has  a  structure  that  is  not  suitable  for  nonrealtime  multimedia  services.  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 2007,  the  korean  association  of  robot  industry  began  opros  open  platform  for  robotic  services  in  a  move  to  spark  the  development  of  open  platform  technology  for  the  development  of  intelligent  robots.  opros  is  a  korean  open  source  project  for  making  component  based  platforms  with  a  high  level  of  reusability  and  past  implementation.  opros  development  and  community  site  source:  opros  has  dual  licenses,  the  lgpl  and  an  individual  commercial  license.  the  lgpl  is  for  using  opros  source  code  without  making  any  changes  or  publishing  the  altered  code,  and  the  individual  commercial  license  is  for  not  publishing  the  changed  source  code.  opros
__label__assetoperationsoptimization offers  all  developed  source  codes  available  on  the  public  site.  opros  holds  free  training  events  and  competitions  and  does  planning  and  management  to  popularize  the  platform  but  as  of  yet  it  has  not  caught  to  the  degree  that  ros  has.  at  the  end  of  2006,  the  vpl  visual  programming  language  was  released  and  offered  tools  to  highlevel  developers  for  c  services  and  simulation  programming.  microsoft  visual  programming  tool  source:  mrsrs  has  a  unique  feature  that  allows  developers  to  test  programs  in  a  3d  engine  based  simulation  environment  without  the  actual  robot  hardware.  programming  is  required  with  consideration  given  to  multiple
__label__assetoperationsoptimization physical  factors  for  precise  control  of  the  robot.  this  feature  is  important  for  highlevel  robot  programming  with  a  physical  engine  based  simulation  when  the  actual  physical  robot  is  not  available.  japanese  various  robot  software  platforms  such  as  openrtm  aist,  naoqi  os  softbank  and  ersp  evolution  robotics  are  also  being  developed.  we  have  now  taking  a  brief  look  at  some  robot  software  platforms.  so,  why  is  robot  software  so  important?  currently,  the  korean  robot  industry  is  developing  robots  in  the  industrial,  defense,  medical  and  disaster  relief  fields  but  in  the  near  future,  firms  are  expected  to  show  increasing  growth  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization service  robot  field.  experts  predict  that  the  global  robot  market  will  reach  usd  60b  by  2020.  growth  in  robot  industries  source:  korean  association  of  robot  industry  the  growth  of  the  robot  market  refers  to  the  growth  of  the  ecosystem  in  the  robot  field.  software  will  be  the  most  important  factor  in  the  growth  of  this  ecosystem  and  through  this  growth,  a  new  iot  service  will  arise.  as  robots  become  as  much  of  an  integral  part  of  our  lives  as  smartphones,  many  new  robots  and  new  services  will  be  created.  software  platforms  may  be  just  the  thing  that  makes  this  change
__label__assetoperationsoptimization marisela  ordaz  the  robot  operating  system  ros  is  not  an  actual  operating  system,  but  a  framework  and  set  of  tools  that  provide  functionality  of  an  operating  system  on  a  heterogeneous  computer  cluster.  its  usefulness  is  not  limited  to  robots,  but  the  majority  of  tools  provided  are  focused  on  working  with  peripheral  hardware.  is  split  up  in  more  than  2000  packages,  each  package  providing  specialized  functionality.  the  number  of  tools  connected  to  the  framework  are  probably  its  biggest  power.  ros  provides  functionality  for  hardware  abstraction,  device  drivers,  communication  between  processes  over  multiple  machines,  tools  for  testing  and  visualization,  and  much  more.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  key  feature  of  ros  is  the  way  the  software  is  run  and  the  way  it  communicates,  allowing  you  to  design  complex  software  without  knowing  how  certain  hardware  works.  ros  provides  a  way  to  connect  a  network  of  processes  nodes  with  a  central  hub.  nodes  can  be  run  on  multiple  devices,  and  they  connect  to  that  hub  in  various  ways.  the  main  ways  of  creating  the  network  are  providing  requestable  services,  or  defining  publisher/subscriber  connections  with  other  nodes.  both  methods  communicate  via  specified  message  types.  some  types  are  provided  by  the  core  packages,  but  message  types  can  be  defined  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization individual  packages.  developers  can  assemble  a  complex  system  by  connecting  existing  solutions  for  small  problems.  the  way  the  system  is  implemented,  it  allows  us  to:  replace  components  with  similar  interfaces  on  the  fly,  removing  the  need  of  stopping  the  system  for  various  changes  multiplexing  outputs  of  multiple  components  into  one  input  for  another  component,  allowing  parallel  solving  of  various  problems  connect  components  made  in  various  programming  languages  by  just  implementing  the  proper  connectors  to  the  messaging  system,  making  it  easy  to  develop  software  by  connecting  existing  modules  from  various  developers  create  nodes  over  a  network  of  devices,  without  worrying  about
__label__assetoperationsoptimization where  code  is  run  and  implementing  interprocess  communication  ipc  and  remote  procedure  call  rpc  systems  directly  connect  to  feeds  on  demand  from  remote  hardware  without  writing  any  extra  code,  by  employing  the  previous  two  bullet  points  we  plan  on  demonstrating  how  useful  that  is  by  iteratively  developing  a  simple  solution.there  are  several  key  advantages  compared  to  other  approaches.  ros  has  multi  platform  support  and  allows  connections  between  processes  over  multiple  devices  via  peertopeer  connections  that  are  handled  behind  the  scene.  the  design  allows  support  for  any  language  by  wrapping  the  c  communication  classes,  or  manually  developing  classes  for  the  language
__label__assetoperationsoptimization interface.  ros  is  made  by  its  own  community,  meant  for  its  community.  after  several  years,  that  resulted  in  a  great  amount  of  reusable  packages  that  are  simple  to  integrate,  thanks  to  the  architecture  of  the  system.  alternative  approaches  like  ,  ,  ,  ,  and  others  provide  some  of  those  features,  but  not  all.  most  of  the  time,  the  design  downfalls  are  language  support  limitations,  unoptimized  communication  between  processes,  or  the  lack  of  support  for  various  devices  which  is  arguably  the  hardest  problem  to  fix.  since  our  focus  is  the  framework  and  not  the  actual  algorithms  for  particular  problems,  the  given
__label__assetoperationsoptimization problem  will  be  fairly  simple.  our  goal  is  to  build  software  for  an  onboard  computer  that  allows  us  to  remotely  control  and  monitor  a  robot,  connected  to  us  via  wifi,  by  using  a  gamepad  on  our  computer  and  a  feed  from  the  camera  mounted  on  the  robot.  first  of  all,  well  make  a  simple  program  connect  to  a  simple  simulation,  just  to  demonstrate  basic  principles  of  ros.  we  will  attach  a  gamepad  to  a  computer  and  try  to  design  a  good  control  scheme  for  turning  gamepad  input  into  control  signals  for  a  robot.  the  main  languages  for  writing  ros  code
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  c  and  python,  c  being  preferred  due  to  better  performance.  we  will  explain  our  examples  in  due  to  less  boilerplate  in  code  and  no  need  for  explicit  building.  ros  versions  are  referred  to  by  name.  as  of  this  date,  the  latest  release  is  jade  turtle  ,  and  the  latest  lts  version  indigo  igloo  .  going  for  the  lts  version  is  preferable,  and  backwards  compatibility  isnt  guaranteed  in  ros,  so  all  the  examples  will  be  written  for  indigo  .  ros  is  available  on  various  nix  platforms.  the  officially  supported  version  is  on  ubuntu.  the  os  x,  arch  linux,  debian,  raspbian
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  android  versions  are  supported  by  the  community.  we  will  go  through  the  installation  process  for  ubuntu  14.04  on  desktop.  the  processes  for  all  supported  versions  and  platforms  are  available  on  the  official  .  virtual  machines  with  ros  installed  are  also  available.  installation  is  platform  dependent  and  most  platforms  have  packages  provided,  but  workspace  configuration  is  the  same  for  all  platforms.  ros  provides  its  own  repositories.  the  first  step  is  adding  them.  after  that  youll  have  all  hosted  packages  for  all  ros  versions  available  for  your  ubuntu  version.  for  example,  ubuntu  14.04  supports  and  .  installing  the  base  packages  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization desktop  has  one  of  three  options:  for  a  minimal  installation  for  having  the  basic  additional  gui  tools  for  having  all  official  features,  including  various  simulators  and  libraries  for  navigation  and  perception  for  the  best  working  experience,  the  full  option  is  recommended.  for  installation  on  devices  that  will  only  be  used  to  run  nodes,  the  base  version  is  sufficient.  no  matter  what  option  you  choose,  you  can  install  any  needed  package  named  by  running:  underscores  are  replaced  by  hyphens  in  the  final  name,  so  will  be  in  the  package  .  the  next  step  is  to  initialize  .  packages  in  ros  can
__label__assetoperationsoptimization declare  what  components  they  depend  on.  allows  you  to  compile  those  packages  without  too  much  manual  dependency  handling.  to  initialize  it,  call:  ros  has  several  environment  variables  used  by  its  tools.  with  the  default  installation,  the  bash  script  to  initialize  them  is  located  in  .  variables  need  to  be  initialized  within  every  bash  session,  so  the  best  solution  is  to  add  them  to  .  some  packages  install  external  dependencies  via  ,  which  is  available  as  a  package  and  installed  via  .  this  is  the  end  of  the  installation  on  ubuntu.  what  follows  is  a  short  introduction  to  installing  workspaces.  ever
__label__assetoperationsoptimization since  groovy  galapagos  ,  ros  workspaces  are  managed  via  .  we  need  to  define  a  directory  for  all  packages  that  we  host.  within  the  directory  we  create  a  folder,  and  call  form  inside  it.  that  will  create  various  symbolic  links  to  the  currently  sourced  ros  version.  the  next  step  is  to  add  this  workspace  to  environment  variables  as  well.  to  perform  this  whole  workspace  configuration,  choose  an  empty  directory  and  execute  the  following  commands:  you  have  now  created  a  workspace  within  which  you  can  create  your  own  ros  packages.  creating  any  code  is  a  big  jump.  lets  first  get  familiar
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  some  of  the  systems  running  behind  the  scene.  our  first  step  will  be  running  the  basic  gui  and  seeing  what  messages  it  generates.  to  run  anything  in  ros,  a  core  process  needs  to  be  launched.  its  as  easy  as  opening  a  new  terminal  window  and  typing:  in  your  whole  connected  network  of  devices,  needs  to  be  launched  only  once,  on  the  device  that  will  host  the  central  hub  for  communication  dispatching.  the  main  role  of  is  to  tell  nodes  which  other  nodes  they  should  connect  to,  and  in  which  way  whether  via  a  network  port  or  shared  memory.  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization goal  is  to  allow  nodes  to  only  care  about  what  data  they  want  to  know,  rather  than  what  node  they  want  to  connect  to,  while  minimizing  the  time  and  bandwidth  needed  to  perform  all  communication.  after  running  ,  we  can  launch  the  main  gui  tool  for  ros:  .  what  we  see  is  very  underwhelming  an  empty  window.  hosts  a  wide  variety  of  plugins  that  can  be  configured  into  any  visual  configuration  and  any  number  of  predefined  views.  for  a  start,  lets  run  the  robot  steering  plugin,  by  choosing  it  in  .  what  we  get  is  two  sliders,  representing  the  linear
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  rotational  motion  we  want  our  robot  to  have.  at  the  top  of  the  plugin  we  see  a  text  box  with  in  it.  we  can  rename  it  to  anything  we  want.  it  represents  the  name  of  the  topic  to  which  the  steering  is  publishing.  the  terminal  tools  are  the  best  place  to  see  whats  going  on  in  the  background.  ros  has  several  powerful  tools  for  inspecting  what  is  happening  in  the  system.  the  first  tool  well  introduce  is  .  it  allows  us  to  inspect  topics  that  nodes  can  subscribe  and  publish  to.  running  will  yield:  the  latter  2  topics  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization always  running  and  are  related  to  central  ros  systems.  the  topic  is  being  published  by  our  steering.  renaming  the  topic  in  the  steering  will  rename  it  here  as  well.  now,  we  are  interested  in  whats  going  on  within  the  topic.  running  will  show  us  nothing  unless  you  tinkered  with  the  sliders.  the  process  runs  until  we  cancel  it.  let  us  now  move  the  vertical  slider  to  20  m/s.  looking  at  the  echo,  we  can  see  the  following  repeated  over  and  over  again:  how  often  does  it  spam  this  message?  says  at  an  average  rate  of  10  hz.  well,  how  many
__label__assetoperationsoptimization topics  like  this  can  i  run  through  my  slow  wifi  connection?  detects  an  average  of  480  b/s.  now  thats  all  well  and  good,  but  we  talked  about  message  types.  this  data  is  good  for  a  human,  but  an  application  will  need  the  raw  data,  and  will  need  to  know  the  message  type  so  it  can  interpret  the  data.  the  type  can  be  determined  with  ,  telling  us  its  a  .  all  of  ros  terminal  tools  called  without  any  arguments  return  a  standard  help  message.  the  ros  wiki  is  good  enough  to  make  a  web  search  for  this  string  result  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  wiki  explanation  to  what  it  contains  and  how  its  structured.  but  we  dont  have  to  rely  on  it.  is  the  general  tool  for  message  types.  running  will  return:  the  message  consists  of  two  3d  vectors,  representing  linear  and  angular  velocity  in  3d  space.  if  we  want  what  topics  a  node  is  connected  to,  will  give  us  detailed  data  about  the  node.  the  tools  ,  and  are  the  main  tools  for  inspecting  raw  ros  functionality.  ros  has  a  lot  more  gui  and  terminal  tools,  but  those  are  out  of  our  scope  for  this  introduction.  the  main  tools  for  running  ros
__label__assetoperationsoptimization nodes  are  and  .  can  run  nodes  via  ,  and  runs  nodes  based  on  launch  files,  which  well  get  familiar  with  to  a  tiny  extent  since  they  are  the  most  complex  element  of  the  ros  automation.  we  can  shut  down  everything  we  ran  to  start  working  on  our  first  code.  for  future  reference,  it  will  go  without  saying  that  running  anything  ros  related  requires  an  active  instance  of  .  a  lot  of  issues  you  run  into  can  be  resolved  by  closing  the  terminal  window  that  is  run  within,  and  opening  a  new  one  to  relaunch  it.  this  updates  all  dependencies
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  needed  to  be  reloaded,  both  in  and  in  .  our  first  goal  is  to  imitate  the  functionality  of  by  creating  a  node  that  publishes  data  to  based  on  gamepad  input.  our  first  stop  is  the  package.  the  package  provides  generic  ros  drivers  for  joysticks  and  gamepads.  it  is  not  included  in  the  default  installation,  so  it  needs  to  be  installed  via:  after  the  installation,  we  can  run  .  this  will  connect  us  to  the  default  joystick  or  gamepad.  running  shows  us  that  we  have  a  topic  called  .  listening  to  it  via  shows  us  messages  of  the  following  format
__label__assetoperationsoptimization note  that  you  have  to  interact  with  the  gamepad  or  joystick  for  messages  to  be  published.  you  can  ignore  headers  for  now.  other  than  that,  we  have  and  ,  explaining  nicely  what  they  represent.  moving  axes  and  pushing  buttons  on  the  controller  will  result  in  these  numbers  changing.  using  our  tools,  we  can  determine  that  the  message  type  is  and  the  format  is:  the  first  step  to  writing  code  is  making  a  package.  within  the  folder  of  the  workspace,  run:  here  we  state  the  name  of  the  package  were  creating,  followed  by  packages  we  plan  to  depend  upon.  no  worries,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dependencies  can  be  updated  manually  later  on.  we  now  have  a  folder.  within  the  folder,  create  a  folder  that  will  house  all  our  python  scripts.  lets  create  a  file  called  ,  and  within  it  well  set:  well  also  need  to  set  so  the  script  becomes  runnable.  running  in  one  terminal  and  in  another  will  result  in  s  terminal  output  being  filled  with  joy  messages.  lets  examine  what  the  code  does.  first,  we  import  rospy,  which  hosts  the  library  for  interacting  with  the  ros  framework.  each  package  that  defines  messages  has  a  subpackage  with  message  definitions  in  it.  we  are  importing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  handle  the  input.  there  is  no  need  to  import  embedded  message  types  like  from  that  is  in  the  message  unless  we  want  to  explicitly  mention  them.  our  first  step  is  initializing  a  node  with  a  specific  name  in  this  case,  we  call  it  teleop.  after  that  we  create  a  subscriber  that  subscribes  to  the  joy  topic  of  type  ,  and  that  handles  each  message  by  calling  the  function.  callbacks  receive  one  parameter,  the  data  from  the  message.  accessing  members  of  the  data  is  simple.  if  we  wanted  to  print  the  state  of  the  first  axis,  if  we  recall  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization message  type,  we  would  call  ,  and  it  will  be  a  float.  the  loop  at  the  end  loops  until  ros  is  shut  down.  our  next  step  would  be  to  handle  our  data  somehow.  we  should  create  a  twist  message  that  changes  depending  on  the  input,  and  then  we  would  publish  it  to  the  topic.  first,  we  add  the  message,  and  we  add  support  for  binding  function  arguments  via  .  we  create  a  publisher,  ,  that  publishes  to  a  message  of  type  .  we  bind  that  publisher  to  the  callback,  and  make  it  publish  a  twist  message  on  every  input  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  speeds  being  represented  by  the  first  two  axes.  this  code  does  what  we  expect  it  to,  and  we  can  see  the  resulting  output  via  .  we  still  have  one  issue.  the  topic  can  publish  at  great  rates.  if  we  monitor  the  and  move  the  analog  stick  in  circles,  we  can  see  great  numbers  of  messages.  not  only  does  that  result  in  a  great  amount  of  communication,  but  the  processes  that  receive  these  messages  have  to  process  each  one  of  them.  there  is  no  need  to  publish  that  data  so  frequently,  and  we  are  better  off  just  publishing  at  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization stable  rate  of  10  hz.  we  can  accomplish  that  with  the  following  code.  we  modified  the  callback  to  receive  the  mutable  object  and  modify  it  within  the  loop.  the  function  from  maintains  a  stable  output  frequency.  the  final  code  will  result  in  the  topic  getting  velocity  commands  at  10  hz,  imitating  the  output  of  the  robot  steering  plugin.  our  first  goal  is  to  create  an  environment  in  which  we  can  simulate  a  scenario  we  want  to  achieve.  the  node  within  the  package  allows  us  to  run  one  robot  within  a  2d  stage  defined  via  an  image.  there  is  a  whole
__label__assetoperationsoptimization syntax,  described  within  the  for  world  files  and  how  to  generate  them.  its  fairly  simple,  but  outside  of  our  scope.  luckily,  the  package  comes  with  several  demo  world.  first,  lets  go  to  the  files  directory  by  running:  within  the  folder  there  are  several  files.  lets  run  one.  this  created  several  topics.  the  meaning  of  each  of  them  is  also  documented  with  the  package.  the  important  part  is  that  it  has  .  within  the  displayed  stage,  there  is  a  blue  square,  representing  the  robot  you  control.  by  using  either  our  code  or  robot  steering  ,  we  can  control  this  robot.  try
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  out.  lets  create  a  folder  within  our  package,  and  within  it  create  a  file  called  .  the  final  folder  structure  should  look  like  this:  within  the  file  we  will  define  a  set  of  nodes  and  their  interconnections.  the  new  world  consists  of  four  robots,  and  each  of  their  topics  has  a  prefix  of  .  so,  the  robot  number  0  has  a  velocity  command  topic  called  .  that  is  why  we  put  our  control  within  a  namespace  called  ,  to  adjust  their  names  to  the  new  form.  in  that  sense,  you  can  think  of  topic  names  as  folders  in  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization filesystem.  to  run  launchfiles,  no  is  needed.  in  a  sense,  is  just  a  special  case  of  a  launchfile  that  does  nothing.  if  a  is  missing,  only  the  first  launchfile  launched  will  run  a  core,  while  the  rest  will  connect  to  it.  now,  we  run  the  launch  with:  if  all  is  correct,  this  will  result  in  a  simulator  with  4  robots,  one  of  which  is  controlled  with  our  gamepad  or  joystick.  this  world  has  a  lot  more  under  the  hood  than  the  previous  one.  each  of  the  four  robots  has:  we  replace  with  0,  1,  2,  or  3.  this  brings  us
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  our  last  topic.  we  didnt  go  too  deep  into  ,  but  it  is  the  perfect  tool  for  viewing  more  complex  data.  you  can  experiment  with  all  the  topics,  but  well  focus  on  the  ,  ,  ,  and  topics.  lets  launch  and  remove  any  opened  plugins.  now  well  open  4  image  visualizers  ,  and  place  them  in  a  2x2  grid  formation.  finally,  in  the  top  left  corner  of  each  of  the  views,  lets  choose  one  of  the  four  stated  topics  for  .  what  we  get  is  stereo  vision  with  depth  perception,  with  low  resolution  cameras.  bear  in  mind  that  we
__label__assetoperationsoptimization could  have  even  gotten  this  result  without  our  input  system.  if  we  just  run  this  from  within  the  folder:  and  add  the  robot  steering  plugin  with  a  topic  called  ,  we  would  have  gotten  the  same  results  with  the  controls  being  onscreen  sliders.  a  lot  of  hardware  has  full  support  for  ros,  very  often  provided  by  third  party  volunteers.  many  robot  platforms  have  drivers  that  generate  these  types  of  messages,  and  ros  has  nodes  that  take  a  webcam  and  publish  an  image  feed.  while  the  last  result  was  a  simulation  of  what  we  want  to  achieve,  the  same  can  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization achieved  with  the  following  modifications:  what  this  really  comes  down  to  is  just  exporting  the  proper  environment  variable  on  the  remote  device,  and  the  rest  handles  itself.  running  ros  on  a  computer  cluster  only  needs  that  one  step  being  done  for  every  machine.  we  have  demonstrated  how,  with  very  little  coding,  you  can  have  a  complex  system  of  variables  that  you  can  manipulate  at  your  whim.  the  simple  publisher/subscriber  system  allows  you  to  quickly  develop  software  pipeline  that  processes  data  in  a  cluster  of  computers,  while  not  worrying  about  the  underlying  implementation  of  certain  elements.  while  we  used  a  simple
__label__assetoperationsoptimization simulator,  more  complex  simulators  like  also  included  in  the  full  desktop  version  allow  you  to  create  ,  and  can  give  you  an  experience  of  the  final  results  and  product  long  before  its  developed.  this  introduction  was  a  very  basic  one,  but  the  hope  is  that  you  became  more  interested  in  working  with  this  versatile  framework.  tags  adnan  ademovic  freelance  software  engineer  about  the  author  adnan  is  an  engineer  with  experience  in  desktop,  embedded,  and  distributed  systems.  he  has  worked  extensively  in  c  working  at  both  low  and  high  levels,  python,  and  in  other  languages.  he  is  experienced  in  developing  complex
__label__assetoperationsoptimization algorithms  and  intelligent  systems,  optimization,  networking,  and  signal  processing.  he  is  very  passionate  about  problems  faced  by  robotics  and  mechatronics  in  general.  worldclass  articles,  delivered  weekly.  subscription  implies  consent  to  our  thank  you  check  out  your  inbox  to  confirm  your  invite.  see  our  related  talents  hire  the  author  adnan  ademovic  freelance  software  engineer  worldclass  articles,  delivered  weekly.  subscription  implies  consent  to  our  thank  you  check  out  your  inbox  to  confirm  your  invite.  worldclass  articles,  delivered  weekly.  subscription  implies  consent  to  our  thank  you  check  out  your  inbox  to  confirm  your  invite.  join  the  toptal  community.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  screenshot  of  ubuntu.  credit:  canonical  this  year,  surgeons  at  oxfords  john  radcliffe  hospital  used  a  .  tokyos  henn  na  hotel  .  the  supermarket  chain  schnucks  tested  an  to  identify  outofstock  items  and  verifying  prices.  and  tennibot  created  the  .  these  are  just  a  few  examples  of  how  robotics  is  converging  with  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning  to  become  one  of  the  most  promising  and  exciting  initiatives  in  the  network  of  smart,  internetconnected  devices.  on  hardware,  software  and  services  will  reach  230.7  billion  by  2021.  robots  are  playing  a  larger  and  larger  role  across  almost  every  industry.  however,  as  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization many  other  initiatives  in  the  wider  internet  of  things  iot  sector,  companies  shouldnt  just  dive  in  without  a  wellcrafted  technological  blueprint  from  the  development  stage  onward  to  ensure  they  are  building  a  highly  productive,  sustainable,  futureproof,  and  secure  robot.  the  right  strategy  starts  with  the  right  operating  system  os.  unfortunately,  the  importance  of  the  os  isnt  always  obvious  until  the  company  is  too  invested  to  change  it,  which  can  lead  to  a  slew  of  delays  or  other  issues.  the  os  thats  perfect  for  hacking  things  together  may  be  impossible  to  maintain  once  the  robot  reaches  production.  similarly,  the  buildyourown  option
__label__assetoperationsoptimization means  maintaining  the  entire  os  backporting  upstream  security  updates,  etc.  for  the  lifetime  of  the  robot.  the  os  choice  also  can  influence  a  companys  monetization  route,  support  offerings,  and  security  strategy.  as  companies  join  the  robotics  revolution,  there  are  a  number  of  essential  os  factors  to  consider  that  can  help  or  hinder  robot  development  as  it  moves  from  development  through  to  production  and  maintenance.  here  are  nine  of  them.  the  os  used  on  the  robot  during  development  should  also  be  the  one  used  in  production  or  at  least  closely  related.  theres  a  balancing  act  to  be  had  here  for  example,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  engineering  team  will  naturally  want  the  os  that  best  supports  whatever  theyre  developing,  but  its  easy  to  get  tunnel  vision  during  development  and  forget  to  consider  other  factors.  regardless  of  other  reasons  that  go  into  deciding  on  an  os,  selecting  one  that  isnt  compatible  with  the  technology  required  libraries,  frameworks,  etc.  is  a  recipe  for  disaster.  the  engineering  team  will  spin  its  wheels  while  competitors  hit  the  market  first.  perhaps  required  libraries  are  written  specifically  for  certain  linux  distributions,  or  the  team  has  settled  on  using  some  middleware  to  enable  faster  development.  if  a  potential  os  is  evaluated  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  need  in  mind,  it  will  help  lead  to  a  streamlined  development  process.  hardware  compatibility  should  also  be  a  primary  concern,  for  much  the  same  reason  as  software:  a  significant  chunk  of  time  will  be  spent  ensuring  components  work  together  before  any  real  progress  can  be  made  on  the  robot  itself.  for  example,  its  not  unusual  to  find  hardware  that  requires  drivers  only  written  for  specific  linux  distributions,  or  to  work  with  vendors  that  have  limited  exposure  to  linux  in  general.  speed  is  huge  when  developing  any  product.  when  a  team  is  considering  programming  language  options  for  a  new  project,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  decision  is  heavily  influenced  by  the  teams  familiarity  with  said  language.  this  isnt  necessarily  because  the  team  is  resistant  to  change,  but  because  they  know  they  can  produce  higherquality  work  in  less  time  if  they  can  use  a  familiar  language.  a  similar  consideration  must  be  made  when  considering  robotics  os.  if  the  engineering  team  isnt  already  familiar  with  it,  time  to  market  will  be  delayed  as  they  learn  its  ins  and  outs.  a  robot  is  rarely  a  standalone  device;  it  often  needs  to  seamlessly  interact  with  other  devices.  cloud  robotics,  speech  processing  and  machine  learning  are  all  use  cases
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  can  benefit  from  processing  information  in  a  server  farm  instead  of  on  a  resourceconstrained  robot.  if  possible,  it  makes  a  lot  of  sense  to  use  the  same  os  on  the  robot  as  in  the  cloud.  it  prevents  division  of  domain  knowledge,  and  keeps  processes  the  same,  decreasing  development  time  of  both  the  client  and  server  components.  every  engineer  gets  to  the  point  where  they  need  some  help.  where  do  they  turn?  if  they  need  help  with  the  os,  they  often  turn  to  the  community  around  that  distribution,  where  more  often  than  not,  others  are  experiencing  the  same  issues.  while
__label__assetoperationsoptimization community  support  is  one  of  the  best  things  about  linux,  its  never  a  good  idea  to  rely  on  it  commercially:  sometimes  no  one  responds,  no  one  knows,  or  no  one  has  time  to  figure  it  out  right  now.  robotics  developers  should  choose  an  os  backed  up  by  commercial  support  options  where  they  can  predictably  and  reliably  seek  advice  and  solve  problems  quickly.  once  a  robot  starts  the  move  from  development  to  production  and  maintenance,  new  factors  come  into  play.  a  big  one  is  the  software  update  process,  since,  sadly,  it  doesnt  take  long  to  find  examples  of  companies  that  started
__label__assetoperationsoptimization shipping  devices  without  considering  the  need  to  update  them.  with  the  rush  to  get  devices  to  market,  its  not  at  all  rare  to  find  devices  with  hardcoded  credentials,  development  keys,  various  security  vulnerabilities  and  no  update  path.  companies  should  choose  an  os  that  has  this  functionality  built  into  it.  in  addition  to  considering  how  os  updates  are  delivered,  one  must  consider  for  how  long  those  updates  will  be  delivered.  specific  versions  of  an  os  are  typically  only  supported  for  a  set  amount  of  time.  if  the  supported  lifespan  of  the  os  is  shorter  than  the  anticipated  lifespan  of  the  robot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization being  produced,  it  will  eventually  stop  getting  updates.  actually  shipping  and  maintaining  robots  might  be  the  final  story  for  some,  but  it  shouldnt  be,  and  it  certainly  isnt  the  strategy  necessary  to  retain  customers  and  extend  the  robots  lifespan.  how  does  it  stay  relevant  as  competitors  come  out  with  newer  products?  one  way  is  by  supporting  an  app  store.  this  isnt  something  that  will  apply  to  all  robotic  platforms,  but  its  something  that  should  be  considered.  depending  on  the  purpose  of  the  robot,  one  could  actually  open  it  up  completely,  allowing  control  or  sensor  use  via  apis,  and  then  support
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  thirdparty  app  store  of  some  kind.  this  can  increase  the  longevity  of  the  robot  by  essentially  allowing  third  parties  to  have  another  vision  for  it,  but  this  depends  on  the  robot  being  pretty  generalpurpose.  even  if  the  robot  isnt  generalpurpose,  an  app  store  can  open  up  alternative  revenue  streams,  where  new  functionality  can  be  provided  in  exchange  for  a  fee,  or  on  a  subscription  basis.  by  keeping  these  nine  factors  in  mind,  companies  can  successfully  seize  the  huge  opportunity  that  robotics  presents.  the  demand  and  market  potential  are  there  now  its  just  a  matter  of  being  ready.  kyle  fazzari
__label__assetoperationsoptimization joined  as  a  software  engineer  in  2015,  where  he  works  on  snaps  and  to  help  companies  bring  secure  and  robust  iot  devices  to  market.  prior  to  this,  kyle  worked  as  a  roboticist  for  the  us  navy.  his  background  and  interests  include  robotics,  embedded  systems,  and  proclaiming  that  c  is  the  only  real  language.  hi  kyle,  informative  article.  what  do  you  think  about  ros?  this  list  is  great,  thank  you.  however,  what  are  some  industry  examples  of  robot  oss  and  which  ones  do  you  recommend?  great  article.  lots  of  the  points  made  apply  to  my  robotics  company.  we  in  particular  struggle
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  networking  and  arm  support.  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  covering  microcontrollers,  dsp,  networking,  analog  and  digital  design,  rf,  power  electronics,  pcb  routing  and  much  more  copyright  2019  wtwh  media,  llc.  all  rights  reserved.  the  material  on  this  site  may  not  be  reproduced,  distributed,  transmitted,  cached  or  otherwise  used,  except  with  the  prior  written  permission  of  wtwh  media.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  new  industrial,  personal,  enterprise,  and  toy  robots  are  being  announced  pretty  much  daily.  if  youre  a  developer  looking  to  start  coding  for  our  shiny  friends,  its  a  lot  to  take  in.  you  may  find  yourself  plowing  through  links  to  entirely  unfamiliar  software  stacks  and  wondering  where  to  start.  there  are  no  simple  answers,  but  a  quick  overview  may  help.  we  can  break  down  the  complexity  of  developing  for  robots  as  a  platform  in  a  few  ways:  for  this  first  post,  well  start  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization frameworks.  if  you  write  code,  youve  probably  used  a  framework.  from  angularjs  to  opencv,  are  reusable,  typically  extensible  environments  that  solve  specific  programming  problems  so  you  dont  have  to.  admittedly,  starting  with  frameworks  is  a  weird  way  to  look  at  robot  development  platforms.  after  all,  you  dont  need  to  talk  about  angularjs  in  order  to  discuss  programming  for  the  web.  but  in  the  case  of  robots,  we  need  to  begin  with  frameworks  because  robot  operating  system.  ros  is  the  heavyweight  contender  of  robotic  programming,  and  its  very  name  conflates  operating  systems  with  frameworks,  so  we  have  to  get  that  sorted
__label__assetoperationsoptimization first  thing.  ross  first  major  usage  was  to  support  development  on  this  big  guy  right  here:  willow  garages  280,000  after  30  percent  discount  pr2.  image  credit:  willow  garage  despite  os  being  part  of  its  name,  itself  is  not  an  operating  system.  the  first  step  to  getting  started  with  ros,  in  fact,  is  to  install  the  os  it  runs  on:  ubuntu  linux.  so  what  is  ros?  ros  is  a  framework  providing  an  abstraction  layer  that  sits  on  top  of  the  specifics  of  any  particular  robots  hardware.  along  with  the  specific  capabilities  you  can  get  from  ros  many  packages,  the  benefits  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  framework  include:  there  are  downsides  with  ros,  however.  one  is  that  its  complicated.  the  robotics  world  is  full  of  passionate  ,  but  their  message  overall  is  that  .  another  issue  is  that  a  significant  number  of  ros  packages  are  created  and  maintained  by  nonprofessionals  for  very  specific  use  cases,  so  their  crossrobot  applicability  can  be  limited.  a  third  issue  is  that  ros  was  not  designed  for  good  performance  in  realtime  embedded  systems.  nevertheless,  for  custom,  specialty,  or  academic  robots,  using  ros  has  traditionally  been  worth  it.  faced  with  coordinating  the  complexities  of  sensors,  motors,  and  controllers  in  situations  where
__label__assetoperationsoptimization performance  isnt  an  issue,  ros  could  be  a  big  help.  going  forward,  in  todays  world  of  commercial  robot  platforms  with  modern  highlevel  sdks,  the  requirement  for  most  robot  developers  to  learn  ros  is  less  clear.  that  said,  is  in  active  development.  system  performance  improvements  are  a  major  focus  area,  although  the  ros2  architecture  has  made  in  this  area  is  .  still,  ros2  is  a  big  bet  with  industry  heavyweights:  ros  continues  to  have  a  large  influence  in  the  field,  so  well  definitely  explore  it  further  in  upcoming  posts.  microsofts  support  of  ros  in  the  industrial  space  reflects  the  enormous  continuing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization growth  of  robots  in  industry.  image  credit:  microsoft  if  youre  looking  for  something  simpler  than  ros,  one  way  to  get  started  is  with  a  framework  designed  for  a  specific  programming  language:  nonrosbased  robot  frameworks  span  a  wide  range  of  audiences  from  academic  to  hobbyist  to  proand  use  cases:  not  the  heron  unmanned  surface  vessel  uses  moos  image  credit:  clearpath  robotics  a  simulation  created  by  the  late  willow  garages  nowdefunct  spinoff  unbounded  robotics  using  gazebo  image  credit:  moving  one  step  lower  from  frameworks,  in  our  next  post,  well  look  at  the  various  architectures  and  operating  systems  being  used  by  robots  today.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  the  meantime,  if  you  know  about  a  currentlyavailable  robot  development  framework  that  got  missed,  please  speak  up  in  the  comments  section  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__assetoperationsoptimization articles/010whyros2.md  this  article  captures  the  reasons  for  making  breaking  changes  to  the  ros  api,  hence  the  2.0.  original  author:  brian  gerkey  we  started  work  on  ros  in  november  2007.a  lot  has  happened  since  then  and  we  believe  that  it  is  now  time  to  build  the  next  generation  ros  platform.in  this  article  we  will  explain  why.  ros  began  life  as  the  development  environment  for  the  willow  garage  pr2  robot.our  primary  goal  was  to  provide  the  software  tools  that  users  would  need  to  undertake  novel  research  and  development  projects  with  the  pr2.at  the  same  time,  we  knew  that  the  pr2  would  not
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  the  only,  or  even  the  most  important,  robot  in  the  world,  and  we  wanted  ros  to  be  useful  on  other  robots.so  we  put  a  lot  of  effort  into  defining  levels  of  abstraction  usually  through  message  interfaces  that  would  allow  much  of  the  software  to  be  reused  elsewhere.  still,  we  were  guided  by  the  pr2  use  case,  the  salient  characteristics  of  which  included:  it  is  fair  to  say  that  ros  satisfied  the  pr2  use  case,  but  also  overshot  by  becoming  useful  on  a  surprisingly  wide  .today  we  see  ros  used  not  only  on  the  pr2  and  robots  that  are  similar
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  the  pr2,  but  also  on  wheeled  robots  of  all  sizes,  legged  humanoids,  industrial  arms,  outdoor  ground  vehicles  including  selfdriving  cars,  aerial  vehicles,  surface  vehicles,  and  more.  in  addition,  we  are  seeing  ros  adoption  in  domains  beyond  the  mostly  academic  research  community  that  was  our  initial  focus.rosbased  products  are  coming  to  market,  including  manufacturing  robots,  agricultural  robots,  commercial  cleaning  robots,  and  others.government  agencies  are  also  looking  more  closely  at  ros  for  use  in  their  fielded  systems;  e.g.,  nasa  is  expected  to  be  running  ros  on  the  robonaut  2  that  is  deployed  to  the  international  space  station.  with  all  these  new
__label__assetoperationsoptimization uses  of  ros,  the  platform  is  being  stretched  in  unexpected  ways.while  it  is  holding  up  well,  we  believe  that  we  can  better  meet  the  needs  of  a  nowbroader  ros  community  by  tackling  their  new  use  cases  headon.  of  specific  interest  to  us  for  the  ongoing  and  future  growth  of  the  ros  community  are  the  following  use  cases,  which  we  did  not  have  in  mind  at  the  beginning  of  the  project:  at  the  core  of  ros  is  an  anonymous  publishsubscribe  middleware  system  that  is  built  almost  entirely  from  scratch.starting  in  2007,  we  built  our  own  systems  for  discovery,  message  definition,  serialization,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  transport.the  intervening  seven  years  have  seen  the  development,  improvement,  and/or  widespread  adoption  of  several  new  technologies  that  are  relevant  to  ros  in  all  of  those  areas,  such  as:  it  is  now  possible  to  build  a  roslike  middleware  system  using  offtheshelf  open  source  libraries.we  can  benefit  tremendously  from  this  approach  in  many  ways,  including:  a  further  reason  to  build  ros  2  is  to  take  advantage  of  the  opportunity  to  improve  our  userfacing  apis.a  great  deal  of  the  ros  code  that  exists  today  is  compatible  with  the  client  libraries  as  far  back  as  the  0.4  mango  tango  release  from  february  2009.thats
__label__assetoperationsoptimization great  from  the  point  of  view  of  stability,  but  it  also  implies  that  were  still  living  with  api  decisions  that  were  made  several  years  ago,  some  of  which  we  know  now  to  be  not  the  best.  so,  with  ros  2,  we  will  design  new  apis,  incorporating  to  the  best  of  our  ability  the  collective  experience  of  the  community  with  the  firstgeneration  apis.as  a  result,  while  the  key  concepts  distributed  processing,  anonymous  publish/subscribe  messaging,  rpc  with  feedback  i.e.,  actions,  language  neutrality,  system  introspectability,  etc.  will  remain  the  same,  you  should  not  expect  ros  2  to  be  apicompatible  with  existing  ros  code.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization but  fear  not:  there  will  be  mechanisms  in  place  to  allow  ros  2  code  to  coexist  with  existing  ros  code.at  the  very  least,  there  will  be  translation  relays  that  will  support  runtime  interactions  between  the  two  systems.and  it  is  possible  that  there  will  be  library  shims  that  will  allow  existing  ros  code  to  compile/run  against  ros  2  libraries,  with  behavior  that  is  qualitatively  similar  to  what  is  seen  today.  in  principle,  the  changes  described  above  could  be  integrated  into  the  existing  core  ros  code.e.g.,  new  transport  technologies  could  be  added  to  and  .we  considered  this  option  and  concluded  that,  given
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  intrusive  nature  of  the  changes  that  would  be  required  to  achieve  the  benefits  that  we  are  seeking,  there  is  too  much  risk  associated  with  changing  the  current  ros  system  that  is  relied  upon  by  so  many  people.we  want  ros  1  as  it  exists  today  to  keep  working  and  be  unaffected  by  the  development  of  ros  2.so  ros  2  will  be  built  as  a  parallel  set  of  packages  that  can  be  installed  alongside  and  interoperate  with  ros  1  e.g.,  through  message  bridges.  open  source  robotics  foundation,  inc.  except  where  otherwise  noted,  these  design  documents  are  licensed  under  .
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  products:  by  companies:  by  services:  robotics  industry  insights  industry  insights  by  tanya  m.  anandan,  contributing  editor  having  mastered  dull,  repetitive  jobs  for  decades,  robots  are  ready  for  a  challenge.  in  the  nations  heartland,  a  smart  robot  decides  in  realtime  how  it  will  tackle  a  paint  job  where  every  single  part  is  unique.  meanwhile,  a  robotic  welder  finds  the  seams  on  its  own  and  welds  an  assembly  its  never  seen  before.  across  the  way  in  a  warehouse,  dozens  of  mobile  robots  nimbly  fill  orders  with  their  own  3d  printed  hands,  while  in  another  part  of  the  world,  fleets  of  robots
__label__assetoperationsoptimization autonomously  transport  1ton  loads  of  car  parts  across  miles  of  factory  floor  without  human  intervention.  these  arent  farfetched  robotic  applications.  theyre  already  here.  and  they  all  have  one  thing  in  common,  ros.  the  robot  operating  system  ros,  developed  and  maintained  by  the  nonprofit  ,  is  a  collection  of  software  libraries  and  tools  that  help  developers  and  programmers  build  robot  applications.  from  drivers  and  stateoftheart  algorithms  to  powerful  developer  tools,  ros  is  all  opensource.  free  to  use,  free  to  share.  the  repository,  which  is  a  treasure  chest  of  opensource  software  code  and  toolsets,  is  supported  by  open  robotics  and  can  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization found  at  ,  with  numerous  additional  and  complementary  repos  found  at  .  the  hub  is  home  to  over  36  million  developers  working  together  to  host  and  review  code,  manage  projects  and  build  software.  github  is  now  owned  by  microsoft  corporation.  rosindustrial  rosi  is  an  opensource  project  that  extends  the  advanced  capabilities  of  ros  to  manufacturing  automation.  in  addition  to  research  and  educational  institutions  that  serve  and  collaborate  with  industry,  rosi  is  particularly  geared  to  robot  manufacturers,  component  suppliers,  system  integrators  and  robot  end  users.  no  longer  the  sole  domain  of  grad  students  huddled  in  university  labs,  or  ambitious  robotics  incubators
__label__assetoperationsoptimization trying  to  change  the  world,  ros  has  become  serious  business  in  the  industrial  realm.  ros  provided  a  solid  foundation.  now  rosindustrial  has  come  of  age.  as  evidenced  by  the  activity  and  sheer  number  of  entrants  to  the  order  fulfillment,  warehouse  and  logistics  space,  this  area  has  proven  that  rosbased  solutions  can  survive  and  even  thrive  in  manufacturing  environments  where  uptime  and  reliability  are  critical,  says  matt  robinson,  program  manager  for  rosindustrial  consortium  americas.  the  rosindustrial  opensource  project  began  as  a  collaborative  endeavor  between  southwest  research  institute  swri,  robot  manufacturer  yaskawa  motoman,  and  to  support  the  use  of  ros  for  robotics
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  manufacturing  automation.  first  multipurpose  robot  designed  for  use  on  the  aerospace  factory  floor  for  aircraft  sanding  and  coating  removal  using  advanced  sensors  to  conduct  realtime  path  planning  and  analysis  as  it  moves  around  the  aircraft.  courtesy  of  southwest  research  institute  san  antonio,  texasbased  swri  is  one  of  the  oldest,  independent  nonprofit  organizations  in  the  u.s.,  providing  innovative  science,  technology  and  engineering  rd  services  to  government  and  industry  around  the  world.  founded  in  1947  by  philanthropist  and  oilman  tom  slick  jr.  on  a  converted  cattle  ranch,  swri  occupies  1,200  acres  of  laboratories,  test  facilities  and  offices  for  over  2,500  technical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  support  staff.  the  institute  takes  a  multidisciplinary  approach  to  problem  solving,  leading  initiatives  in  fuel  and  energy  efficiency,  geosciences,  turbomachinery,  automated  driving  systems  and  energy  storage.  over  the  years,  swri  has  gained  worldwide  renown  for  leading  several  nasa  missions.  swri,  yaskawa  and  boeing  recently  collaborated  on  a  rosindustrial  project  for  the  advanced  automation  for  agile  aerospace  applications  a5  robotic  system.  demonstrate  aircraft  sanding  and  coating  removal  on  a  mock  c17  aircraft  part.  rosindustrial  was  founded  by  former  swri  team  member  shaun  edwards  in  january  2012.  managed  by  swri,  the  rosindustrial  consortium  americas  launched  in  march  2013  and  now  has
__label__assetoperationsoptimization siblings  in  asia  and  europe.  rosi  consortium  european  union  is  managed  by  fraunhofer  ipa  in  stuttgart,  germany.  rosi  asia  pacific  is  managed  by  the  advanced  remanufacturing  and  technology  centre  artc  under  the  agency  for  science,  technology  and  research  astar,  in  collaboration  with  nanyang  technological  university  in  singapore.  together  the  three  rosi  consortia,  or  rics,  are  over  60  members  strong,  representing  research  and  educational  institutions,  government,  startups  and  large  multinationals  around  the  globe.  members  come  from  nearly  every  major  industry,  including  automotive,  aerospace,  construction,  agriculture,  logistics,  electronics,  power  generation,  healthcare,  defense,  process  automation  and  robotics.  big  or  small,  these  are  .
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ric  members  are  forwardthinking,  innovative  companies  populated  with  thought  leaders  and  visionaries  who  are  investing  in  their  organizations  futures  as  well  as  industrys  future  as  a  whole.  return  on  investment  is  high.  each  member  pays  for  only  a  fraction  of  the  development  efforts,  but  each  benefits  from  all  of  the  results.  members  work  collaboratively  to  develop  an  application  roadmap  for  rosindustrial,  set  nearterm  technical  goals,  and  participate  in  spinoff  focused  technical  projects  ftps  to  develop  tools  and  applicationspecific  software  capabilities  of  interest  to  multiple  members.  sticking  close  to  its  opensource  roots,  ros  was  originally  developed  on  the  linux  operating  system.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization but  now  microsoft  has  joined  the  opensource  initiative  to  broaden  the  exposure  of  ros  and  rosindustrial  to  an  even  larger  community  of  users  and  contributors  at  home  in  the  windows  ecosystem,  and  to  further  the  digitalization  of  industry  through  cloud,  internet  of  things  iot  and  ai  solutions.  building  on  the  success  and  widespread  adoption  of  ros,  open  robotics  officially  in  2017.  the  nextgeneration  development  framework  will  include  support  for  multirobot  systems,  realtime  control,  windows  and  other  platforms,  enhanced  security  and  standardization,  and  more  use  cases  in  realworld  production  environments.  microsoft  support  and  the  ros  2  release  will  only  enhance  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization opportunities  rosindustrial  affords  robot  oems,  integrators  and  users.  as  the  ros  to  ros  2  transition  progresses,  the  rosindustrial  community  will  continue  to  provide  guidance  as  new  versions  are  released.  within  ros  and  the  surrounding  opensource  ecosystem  are  packages  that  enable  intelligent  application  development,  including:  2d/3d  point  cloud  processing  robot  motion  planning  and  navigation  offline  visualization  and  planning  tools  well  see  these  tools  put  to  task  as  rosi  consortium  members  share  use  cases  for  highmix  robotic  painting,  mobile  robots  for  factory  intralogistics,  and  robottogoods  picking  solutions.  first,  lets  address  some  misconceptions  about  ros,  and  explain  what  ros  can  and  cannot  do.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization because  its  the  source  code,  ros  is  significantly  more  secure  than  any  canned  software  you  would  download  on  your  pc,  according  to  swris  robinson.  you  can  see  every  character,  every  call  and  every  keystroke.  theres  no  hidden  file  you  cant  read  in  opensource.  in  fact,  rosindustrial  focuses  on  code  quality  and  reliability  because  of  their  importance  to  the  manufacturing  automation  world.  its  well  known  in  the  it  world  that  the  big  players  like  ibm  download  opensource  code  and  then  wrap  their  ip  around  it,  says  robinson.  nobody  starts  from  scratch.  thats  the  idea  we  are  trying  to  bring  to  industrial.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  course,  nothing  replaces  proper  validation.  good  runoffs,  good  system  testing,  software  hardening.  one  of  the  first  misconceptions  people  have  when  they  hear  opensource  is  that  they  will  lose  all  of  their  ip.  not  the  case.  consortium  members  say  ros  is  very  open  even  for  opensource,  due  to  userfriendly  licensing,  in  the  sense  that  you  can  take  and  use  software  packages  and  develop  modules  and  code,  do  what  you  want  with  it,  build  on  top  of  it,  and  then  repackage  it  in  your  own  proprietary  way.  you  dont  have  to  resubmit  it  to  anyone,  and  you  dont  have  to  divulge
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  to  anyone  if  you  choose  not  to  share  your  experiences  with  the  community.  ros  gives  a  lot  and  asks  for  little,  if  anything,  in  return.  and  its  the  gift  that  keeps  on  giving.  some  might  assume  opensource  means  immature,  unstable  and  unreliable.  according  to  consortium  members,  thats  not  necessarily  true.  you  may  occasionally  run  across  a  piece  of  code  that  might  be  buggy,  but  its  not  prevalent.  in  fact,  they  find  it  to  be  the  opposite.  its  a  bit  like  crowdsourcing,  says  spirit  aerosystems  curtis  richardson.  there  are  lots  of  people  who  love  to  spend  time  trying  to  stresstest
__label__assetoperationsoptimization software  code  and  theyll  find  the  bugs  for  you,  even  when  you  thought  your  own  code  was  perfect.  you  get  free  support  and  improvement  opportunities  that  you  might  not  have  the  time  or  resources  to  do  yourself.  ros  is  essentially  a  middleware  or  a  framework  that  enables  efficient  communication  between  disparate  pieces  of  hardware  and  software  libraries.  rosindustrial  takes  ros  and  extends  it  to  manufacturingrelevant  hardware  or  industrialrelevant  use  cases  and  applications.  if  i  develop  a  system  with  a  robot,  a  camera  and  other  components,  it  may  work  great,  says  robinson.  but  if  i  try  to  change  out  the  robot,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization im  essentially  starting  from  scratch.  the  advantage  of  starting  with  a  rosbased  approach  is  that  i  have  a  middleware  that  abstracts  away  all  the  details  of  the  specific  hardware  i  choose.  he  likens  it  to  a  windows  driver  on  your  computer  desktop.  the  first  time  you  plug  in  a  new  mouse,  windows  has  to  download  a  driver  so  the  device  works  properly.  ros  removes  the  potential  constraints  posed  by  your  hardware  selection,  or  helps  you  avoid  having  to  reinvent  the  wheel  should  you  have  to  go  from  one  robot  brand  to  another  brand,  or  from  a  particular  sensor  to  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization different  brand  or  type  of  sensor.  its  important  to  note  that  just  because  a  company  uses  ros,  doesnt  mean  that  its  in  the  final  product.  theres  a  difference  between  using  ros  as  a  foundation  for  development  versus  actually  running  a  solution  with  ros  as  the  middleware.  once  you  get  to  a  development  standpoint  where  you  dont  need  hardware  interoperability  and/or  distributed  components,  you  can  back  out  the  ros  components  and  make  a  traditional  hardened  software  stack,  says  robinson.  many  companies  have  done  this.  ros  has  been  around  for  over  10  years.  theres  an  extensive  community  of  users  who  are  always
__label__assetoperationsoptimization contributing  significant  improvements  to  ros  and  the  complementary  tools.  many  oems  are  now  offering  ros  drivers  or  interfaces  so  their  hardware  plays  nice  with  the  ros  ecosystem  right  out  of  the  box.  robotic  3d  printing  on  a  nonplanar  surface  using  opensource  tools  for  generating  robot  trajectories  with  a  rosenabled  robot.  courtesy  of  university  of  southern  california  yaskawa  motoman  was  one  of  the  first  industrial  robot  oems  to  develop  ros  drivers  for  its  robots.  these  drivers  allow  the  robot  controller  to  communicate  with  ros.  all  yaskawa  robots  are  rosenabled.  it  should  be  no  surprise  that  many  pioneering  rosbased  technologies  feature  yaskawa
__label__assetoperationsoptimization robots.  not  everyone  can  get  access  to  an  industrial  robot,  says  robinson.  its  difficult  to  optimize  a  driver  or  do  application  development  without  access  to  an  industrial  robot.  yaskawa  has  broken  down  a  lot  of  barriers  to  let  people  get  their  hands  on  yaskawa  robots.  robot  manufacturer  is  another  rosi  consortium  member  supporting  ros  drivers  for  its  robots.  many  3d  sensor  manufacturers,  such  as  consortium  member  ,  also  provide  drivers  to  the  ros  community.  there  are  ros  drivers  for  many  of  the  robots  on  the  market,  but  they  are  developed  by  the  community.  as  such,  every  time  a  robot  oem
__label__assetoperationsoptimization updates  a  controller,  the  communitydeveloped  drivers  may  no  longer  work  as  anticipated.  we  would  like  the  robot  oems  to  recognize  the  value  of  participating  in  the  community  and  develop  and  support  their  own  drivers,  says  robinson.  he  says  other  robot  manufacturers  are  starting  to  come  around.  they  see  these  students  in  the  universities  doing  sophisticated  research  and  using  their  robots  for  advanced  capabilities,  realizing  these  students  will  end  up  at  the  googles,  amazons,  microsofts  and  innovative  manufacturing  software  companies  of  the  world.  as  those  students,  who  are  now  accustomed  to  the  interoperability  that  ros  affords  them,  emerge  from  the  universities,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization they  will  put  more  pressure  on  the  oems.  todays  students  will  become  the  decisionmakers  of  tomorrow.  yaskawa  was  on  board  with  ros  right  from  the  start,  helping  launch  the  rosindustrial  opensource  project.  we  realized  there  was  a  real  need  to  make  robots  smarter,  and  to  do  so,  it  required  a  community,  not  a  village,  says  roger  christian,  divisional  leader,  new  business  development  at  yaskawa  motoman  in  miamisburg,  ohio.  the  fact  that  swri  decided  to  shepherd  rosindustrial  added  a  lot  of  credibility  to  this  opensource  concept.  i  understand  microsoft  is  now  collaborating  with  ros,  which  will  continue  to  strengthen  its  appeal
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  make  using  ros  more  attractive  to  our  integration  partners.  christian  works  with  universities  to  support  the  advancement  of  robotic  capabilities  through  yaskawas  membership  in  the  arm  institute.  developed  with  opensource  tools  and  a  rosenabled  yaskawa  robot  at  the  university  of  southern  california.  to  his  credit,  erik  nieves  convinced  yaskawa  to  get  involved  in  the  rosi  community,  says  christian.  he  visited  universities  from  boston  to  silicon  valley  and  discovered  they  were  all  using  ros  for  advanced  robotic  development,  so  yaskawa  developed  a  robust  ros  communication  driver,  which  allows  our  robots  to  be  roscompatible  and  developmentfriendly.  thats  how  it  all  started.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization nieves,  the  former  technology  director  at  yaskawa,  is  now  ceo  and  cofounder  of  startup  .  he  realized  early  on  the  value  of  ros  for  accelerating  and  enabling  industrial  robotics  applications  development.  many  of  the  talking  points  in  are  still  relevant  today.  christian  says  ros  is  an  accelerator.  ros  is  the  preferred  development  software  environment  for  any  university  that  offers  advanced  robotics  degrees.  you  can  bet  the  grad  students  leaving  to  create  the  next  revolution  in  robotics  start  their  development  with  ros  tools.  it  offers  a  large  and  growing  set  of  programming  tools  that  can  accelerate  their  desired  endproduct  development  without
__label__assetoperationsoptimization requiring  months  of  backend  corecoding.  leveraging  opensource  tools,  proprietary  ai  and  sensors,  and  rosenabled  hardware,  this  startups  proposed  solution  for  highmix,  lowvolume  robotic  welding  claims  to  locate  part  seams  and  generate  robot  motions  on  the  fly  without  costly,  laborintensive  programming.  courtesy  of  path  robotics  he  also  works  with  startups  that  initiated  development  in  rosi  to  create  easytouse  solutions  for  welding,  material  handling  and  logistics.  many  of  these  emerging  technologies  have  the  potential  to  lower  barriers  for  small  and  midsized  companies  that  may  want  to  embrace  robotics  but  dont  typically  have  the  resources  for  costly,  laborintensive  process  development  and  programming.  yaskawa
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  committed  to  offering  the  best  interface  for  anyone  wanting  to  develop  advanced  robotics  technology  in  ros,  says  christian.  our  team  is  making  sure  our  ros  driver  remains  fullfeatured,  robust  and  accessible  to  all  developers.  spirit  aerosystems  was  also  an  early  adopter  of  rosindustrial.  the  aerostructure  manufacturer  and  supplier  for  major  oems  such  as  boeing,  airbus  and  bell  helicopter,  has  made  significant  contributions  to  the  rosi  community.  over  the  last  few  years  in  particular,  theres  been  a  groundswell  of  credibility  for  rosindustrial,  says  curtis  richardson,  technical  fellow  for  spirit  aerosystems  in  wichita,  kansas.  the  more  people  that  join,  the  more
__label__assetoperationsoptimization momentum  it  gets,  and  the  more  credibility  it  has.  now  its  considered  cuttingedge.  richardson  says  the  rosi  consortium  is  a  truly  collaborative  environment.  we  get  to  sit  at  the  table  with  colleagues  who  are  developers  and  experts,  and  have  similar  interests  and  objectives.  one  of  the  greatest  things  is  that  its  not  just  aerospace.  its  wonderful  to  hear  that  folks  from  caterpillar  and  bmw,  and  all  of  these  other  industry  segments,  share  similar  challenges.  they  have  a  lot  of  similar  perspectives  on  what  they  would  like  to  see  and  the  capabilities  they  need.  we  can  collaboratively  work  towards  addressing  those
__label__assetoperationsoptimization challenges.  we  know  we  can  learn  a  lot  from  the  automotive  industry,  but  equally  from  the  heavy  industries,  the  ag  guys,  etc.  we  all  help  each  other.  rosindustrial  has  several  software  suites  of  featurerich  tools  that  lend  themselves  to  highly  dynamic  environments  where  realtime  adaptability  is  imperative.  according  to  users  in  the  consortium,  there  are  few  if  any  alternatives  on  the  commercial  market  to  handle  these  types  of  highmix,  lowvolume  applications.  aerospace,  in  a  general  sense,  tends  toward  the  highmix,  lowvolume  scenario,  especially  compared  to  industries  like  automotive,  explains  richardson.  that  traditionally  creates  a  type  of  barrier  to  entry  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization automation.  ros  is  one  of  many  tools  available  to  help  attack  that.  you  combine  things  like  machine  vision,  ai,  and  mobile  robots,  and  ros  is  one  of  those  tools  that  helps  bring  all  those  things  together  in  a  costeffective  way  and  helps  shorten  development  timelines.  applying  those  types  of  technologies  and  capabilities  to  lowvolume,  highmix  challenges  has  been  our  primary  focus.  opensource  software  tools  for  realtime  robot  trajectory  planning  use  3d  scan  data  to  identify  the  condition  of  a  part  and  create  a  robot  program  on  the  fly.  courtesy  of  spirit  aerosystems  spirit  aerosystems  first  foray  into  deploying  rosindustrial  was
__label__assetoperationsoptimization nearly  five  years  ago  on  a  highmix  robotic  painting  application  for  commercial  aircraft  skins.  admittedly,  they  were  not  deep  experts  in  ros  development,  so  the  aerospace  supplier  partnered  with  swri  to  develop  technology  for  identifying  the  condition  of  a  part  and  then  creating  a  robot  program  on  the  fly.  the  result  was  one  of  the  first  implementations  of  what  would  become  technologies,  a  suite  of  rosi  software  tools  that  enable  realtime  robot  trajectory  planning  from  3d  scan  data.  the  scannplan  approach  is  particularly  effective  for  these  types  of  conditions:  highly  variable  part  mixes  where  hand  programming  is  impractical  no  cad
__label__assetoperationsoptimization part  models  available  flexible  or  deformable  parts,  making  preprogramming  impossible  parttopart  variability  that  is  difficult  to  accommodate  with  static  programming  applications  requiring  flexible  part  fixturing  or  no  fixturing  at  all  using  robotic  automation  to  paint  these  large  commercial  aircraft  skins  is  particularly  challenging.  the  aluminum  sheeting  is  relatively  shiny,  so  richardson  says  its  difficult  to  apply  sensor  technology  to  it.  using  sensor  fusion,  the  rosi  tools  combine  all  the  data  from  different  sensors  and  create  the  process  solution  for  that  particular  part.  even  more  challenging,  every  single  part  is  different.  the  rosi  piece  is  essentially  telling  the  robots  what  part
__label__assetoperationsoptimization they  have  and  what  condition  the  part  is  in,  so  that  they  know  where  to  go  and  what  to  do  for  that  particular  part,  explains  richardson.  every  part  that  comes  through  has  a  brandnew,  neverbeforeused  robot  program  applied  to  it.  we  dont  build  a  program,  store  it  and  then  the  next  time  that  part  comes  through,  recognize  it  and  pull  up  the  right  program.  no,  we  actually  create  a  brandnew  program  every  time  a  part  comes  into  the  paint  booth.  this  painting  process  has  been  done  manually  for  decades.  for  that  reason,  the  parts  never  had  to  be  consistently  loaded
__label__assetoperationsoptimization into  a  tool.  no  one  ever  had  to  worry  about  what  shape  the  part  was  in.  the  aircraft  skin  is  pretty  thin,  so  it  can  deform  very  easily,  says  richardson.  when  its  on  the  picture  frame  tool  that  it  rides  into  the  paint  booth,  it  can  be  loaded  differently  each  and  every  time.  it  can  be  pulled  out  of  contour  very  easily.  the  rosi  tool  in  effect  reverseengineers  that  part  and  tells  the  robot  what  it  looks  like  in  reality.  two  inverted  robots  paint  commercial  aircraft  skins  using  sensor  fusion  and  opensource  software  tools  for  realtime  robot  trajectory  planning  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  fly.  courtesy  of  spirit  aerosystems  spirit  aerosystems  used  opensource  tools  such  as  during  the  projects  early  stages  of  development,  but  more  recently  has  been  looking  at  and  for  robot  path  planning.  we  developed  and  proved  the  capability  together  with  swri,  says  richardson.  then  spirit  aerosystems  took  the  responsibility  to  finalize  the  code  and  package  it,  and  then  implement  it  and  maintain  it.  painting  was  the  first  commercial  application  of  scannplan,  but  with  improvements  over  time,  the  rosi  technology  has  become  applicable  to  other  processes,  including  surface  finishing,  deburring,  inspection  and  surface  blending.  spirit  aerosystems  has  other  rosbased  systems  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  works,  and  just  kicked  off  another  project  using  rosi  in  collaboration  with  swri,  wichita  state  university,  and  funded  by  the  arm  institute  that  will  use  collaborative  robots  for  sanding  aerospace  parts.  richardson  says  rosindustrial  is  part  of  their  longterm  strategy.  take  flight  at  spirit  aerosystems.  we  really  want  to  take  the  scannplan  work  weve  done  and  move  it  closer  to  state  of  the  art  in  machine  learning  and  artificial  intelligence,  and  using  perception  with  mobility  and  navigation,  he  says.  were  also  working  on  human  interfacing,  like  integrating  augmented  and  mixed  reality.  those  things  together  we  think  will  hold  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization lot  of  potential  for  our  safety  strategy  in  terms  of  getting  automation  more  deeply  embedded  in  our  manufacturing.  from  the  aerospace  industry  to  the  automotive  market,  robot  users  are  leveraging  rosindustrial  to  help  them  lower  costs,  achieve  greater  efficiencies,  and  reach  coveted  milestones  in  their  industry  4.0  strategies.  between  its  four  brands  bmw,  bmw  motorad,  mini  and  rollsroyce  the  bmw  group  produced  more  than  2.5  million  vehicles  in  2017,  an  alltime  high  for  the  german  automaker.  every  day,  suppliers  deliver  over  31  million  parts  to  the  30  bmw  production  sites  worldwide.  to  ensure  the  companys  global  production  network  receives  parts
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  a  timely  and  reliable  manner,  bmw  continues  to  expand  its  use  of  innovative  technologies  in  production  logistics.  in  2015,  bmw  began  developing  a  selfdriving  smart  transport  robot  str  for  transporting  roll  containers  through  production  halls.  the  lowprofile  mobile  robots  autonomously  calculate  the  ideal  route  and  move  freely  through  the  factory  space,  carrying  roll  containers  weighing  up  to  one  ton.  a  builtin  battery  module  from  the  bmw  i3  allelectric  sedan  powers  the  str  for  a  full  work  shift.  autonomous  mobile  robot  uses  sensor  fusion  capabilities  developed  with  ros  opensource  software  tools  to  freely  and  safely  navigate  the  production  aisleways  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  automaker.  courtesy  of  bmw  group  rosi  tools  were  used  as  a  foundation  for  str  development.  bmw  also  partnered  with  microsoft  on  the  cloudbased  fleet  management  hub  for  the  autonomous  transport  systems.  last  year,  swris  matt  robinson  gave  microsoft  a  tour  of  the  institutes  robotics  lab  in  exchange  for  an  onsite  preview  into  rosi  development  applications  at  bmw  group.  check  out  this  globespanning  episode  of  microsofts  decoded  show  and  see  the  .  with  rosi,  bmw  group  logistics  was  able  to  incorporate  several  different  sensors  into  their  str  to  enable  sensor  fusion  within  each  mobile  robot.  rosi  allows  the  different  hardware
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  sensors  contained  within  the  vehicle  to  communicate  with  each  other,  and  also  allows  the  robot  to  communicate  with  different  iot  solutions.  bmw  uses  a  cloudbased  operating  platform  for  central  coordination  of  the  strs.  this  interoperability  is  a  key  benefit  for  many  large  robot  users.  its  the  main  reason  bmw  chose  rosi  over  commercial  solutions.  carlos  ferretiz  is  the  logistics  expert  in  robotics  at  bmw  group  in  munich,  germany.  hes  focused  on  rosi  and  the  automakers  smart  transport  robots.  ros  enables  us  to  introduce  all  these  iot  sdk  packages  from  different  companies  to  communicate  in  our  cloud  system,  explains  ferretiz.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  cloud  system  is  in  charge  of  sending  the  job  to  the  robot.  to  introduce  this  system  into  different  platforms  from  other  companies  would  have  been  quite  difficult,  because  its  a  closed  system  and  we  are  not  allowed  to  go  into  the  system  and  import  these  packages.  thats  why  we  decided  to  start  our  platform  with  ros.  its  easy  to  introduce  different  packages  and  test  different  solutions,  and  then  decide  which  solution  is  the  best,  he  continues.  using  ros  with  different  platforms,  different  robots  and  different  sensors  is  really  fast,  noting  this  speeds  overall  development  of  the  platform.  the  rosi
__label__assetoperationsoptimization communitys  support  and  collaborative  software  development  model  was  also  a  driving  factor  in  bmws  str  development  process.  they  use  rosi  toolsets  for  navigation,  visualization  and  simulation.  we  started  using  turtlebots  opensource  mobile  robot  research  platform  to  help  us  understand  how  we  can  use  the  navigation  stack  from  ros  and  how  we  can  implement  it  in  our  industry,  says  ferretiz.  one  of  the  benefits  is  the  support  we  get  from  the  ros  community.  we  learn  from  their  experiences  and  how  they  have  been  implementing  different  packages.  this  helps  us  to  adapt  them  to  our  solution.  he  says  the  different  forums  within
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  community  provide  a  platform  for  discussions  between  different  ros  developers  to  not  only  help  solve  specific  development  problems,  but  also  inspire  new  capabilities  development.  all  of  these  rich  toolsets  for  development  and  simulation  that  ros  offers  helps  us  understand  all  these  new  technologies,  says  ferretiz.  the  tool  that  helped  us  the  most  is  ,  which  is  a  3d  visualization  tool.  we  use  it  specifically  for  our  navigation  stack  to  visualize  all  driving  behaviors.  autonomous  mobile  robot  receives  its  orders  from  the  cloud  and  transports  roll  containers  across  the  plant,  making  sure  the  automakers  production  lines  receive  parts  reliably  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  time.  courtesy  of  bmw  group  rviz  also  logs  sensor  data  from  the  robot,  which  helps  bmw  understand  why  some  missions  dont  go  as  expected.  we  call  them  missions  when  the  robot  is  going  from  one  point  to  another,  or  when  the  robot  is  transporting  some  material  from  one  point  to  another,  says  ferretiz.  when  there  is  a  failure  in  a  mission,  in  order  to  log  information,  we  use  what  is  called  ,  where  we  save  all  the  information  from  the  laser  sensors  and  the  odometry  from  the  motors.  we  can  see  this  information  in  rviz  and  then  we  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  complete  understanding  of  why  the  robot  is  misbehaving  in  an  area.  we  can  react  quickly  to  solve  these  kinds  of  errors.  martin  bauer  is  product  owner  of  services  for  autonomous  transportation  systems  ats  at  bmw.  he  leads  a  team  of  almost  30  people  developing  the  platform  bmw  will  use  to  connect  and  integrate  all  autonomous  vehicles.  the  openness  of  ros  and  connecting  it  to  our  new  open  platform  for  ats  helped  a  lot  because  we  learned  how  to  standardize  that  interface  as  well,  and  define  it,  says  bauer.  opensource  simulation  tools  allowed  bmw  to  test  fleet  management  capabilities  before
__label__assetoperationsoptimization deploying  large  fleets  of  robots  in  its  plants.  simulation  will  also  act  as  a  virtual  proving  ground  for  future  deployments.  we  used  argos  to  program  the  simulation  of  our  service  solution  for  more  than  100  robots,  says  bauer.  we  started  with  gazebo,  but  when  we  scaled  up,  we  had  to  move  to  argos.  he  says  argos  scales  better  than  gazebo,  especially  for  large  numbers  of  robots.  bmw  has  five  plants  using  strs  in  production  areas.  before  production  deployment,  each  robot  goes  through  pilot  testing  and  then  staging,  before  joining  the  general  factory  population.  in  the  following  years,  the  robot  fleet
__label__assetoperationsoptimization will  increase  significantly  so  that  we  have  over  3,000  autonomous  robots  in  our  plants,  says  ferretiz.  like  many  ros  users,  bmw  is  looking  forward  to  microsoft  integration.  bmw  already  had  a  close  partnership  with  the  software  giant,  as  the  plants  have  over  3,000  machines  running  on  the  microsoft  azure  industrial  iot  cloud  platform.  at  the  moment,  our  ros  tools  are  running  on  linux,  says  bauer.  but  we  are  working  with  microsoft  to  find  out  how  far  windows  is  on  ros  in  regards  to  our  solution  and  what  additional  benefits  windows  can  bring.  our  cloud  solution  runs  on  microsoft  azure,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization we  have  been  working  very  closely  together  with  various  microsoft  development  teams,  for  example  building  a  robot  simulation  which  is  available  as  an  open  source  component,  he  says.  now  we  are  formalizing  that  partnership  on  the  .  omp  is  a  new  initiative  to  drive  open  industrial  iot  development  and  help  foster  a  community  to  build  future  industry  4.0  solutions.  bmw  envisions  production  facilities  where  the  best  suitable  robot  for  a  specific  transportation  task  can  be  freely  chosen  by  the  plant.  hence,  they  need  an  open  platform  that  gives  them  the  capabilities  to  design  and  execute  various  use  cases  by  providing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization generic  and  lightweight  components.  rosindustrial  joins  a  long  legacy  of  robotics  technology  that  continues  to  transform  the  automotive  industry.  but  perhaps  no  other  sector  has  benefited  more  than  the  logistics  space,  where  developers  use  rosindustrial  to  deliver  innovative  solutions  for  their  customers.  ros  helps  keep  ecommerce  on  pace  with  demand.  the  intralogistics  market  is  expanding  at  a  frenetic  pace.  mobile  robots,  picking  robots  and  other  types  of  material  handling  and  logistics  automation  are  in  high  demand  by  the  .  bastian  solutions,  a  material  handling  and  robotics  system  integrator  headquartered  in  indianapolis,  indiana,  provides  automated  solutions  for  distribution,  manufacturing  and  order
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fulfillment  centers  around  the  world.  bastian  is  a  rosi  power  user,  and  chief  innovation  officer  chris  morgan  is  a  fervent  advocate.  developed  using  ros  opensource  tools,  robotic  mobile  manipulator  picks  multiple  product  types  and  batches  with  greater  efficiency.  courtesy  of  bastian  solutions  ros  is  such  an  incredible  framework,  says  morgan.  when  youre  doing  these  things  at  high  volume  for  customers,  you  need  a  highly  dependable  framework  that  you  can  go  to  at  a  moments  notice  and  leverage  those  pieces  of  technology  and  bring  them  together  very  rapidly.  if  we  have  to  write  lines  of  code  for  every  little  thing  out
__label__assetoperationsoptimization there  to  achieve  these  goals,  we  wouldnt  be  nimble  and  agile,  and  be  able  to  help  the  customer  to  get  where  they  need  to  go  quickly.  bastian  solutions  was  acquired  by  toyota  industries  corporation  tico  in  2017  and  is  now  part  of  toyota  advanced  logistics  north  america,  created  by  tico  to  complement  its  material  handling  side  of  the  business.  in  his  role  at  bastian  solutions,  morgan  brings  emerging  technologies  to  toyota  and  its  partners.  we  have  many  pieces  of  technology  that  toyota,  vanderlande,  raymond  and  bastian  solutions  make  across  the  globe.  my  team  not  only  forecasts  the  future,  we  also
__label__assetoperationsoptimization guide  where  those  investments  should  go  for  the  nextlevel  technologies  that  will  help  solve  customer  problems.  along  the  way,  we  help  develop  immediateneed  technologies.  we  also  partner  very  closely  with  all  of  the  other  business  units  across  the  toyota  ecosystem  to  help  them  come  up  with  the  latest  technologies.  scorpion  is  one  of  those  technologies.  this  supersized  mobile  manipulator  moves  robotic  batch  picking  to  the  next  level.  integrating  a  mobile  platform  with  a  visionenabled  material  handling  robot,  scorpion  serves  as  a  robottogoods  solution  by  picking  multiple  product  types,  eaches  and  skus  for  various  orders  at  a  time.  developed  using  rosi
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  a  foundation,  the  scorpion  is  in  its  pilot  stages.  bastian  expects  it  to  be  productionready  later  this  year.  morgan  says  rosi  is  a  silo  buster.  rosi  breaks  down  silos  internally  within  companies  and  externally  across  different  organizations  and  industries.  were  trying  to  figure  out  how  to  glue  different  pieces  of  technology  together,  he  says.  internally  in  a  company,  different  groups  will  choose  different  ways  of  doing  things.  ros  helps  pull  them  together.  it  helps  us  accelerate  our  development,  build  a  better  robot  for  that  unique  brand.  then  it  takes  that  approach  and  unifies  it  for  all  of  the  developers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization within  the  community.  it  helps  us  all  speak  the  same  language,  regardless  of  what  part  of  the  world  were  in,  so  we  can  help  enable  each  other  to  build  better  products  across  the  globe.  autonomous  robotic  shuttle  is  equipped  with  a  3d  printed  arm  and  gripper  destined  for  ecommerce  robotic  picking  applications.  courtesy  of  bastian  solutions  bastian  solutions  new  autonomous  robotic  shuttle  was  developed  in  the  ros  vernacular.  the  shuttle  uses  a  robotic  arm  and  custom  gripper  with  3d  printed  components  made  possible  through  a  collaboration  with  additive  manufacturing  solutions  company  fast  radius.  the  lightweight  but  durable  polymer  arm  will
__label__assetoperationsoptimization allow  the  agile  robotic  picker  to  quickly  navigate  a  grid  of  totes,  picking  product  as  it  goes,  for  an  entirely  new  paradigm  in  robotic  picking  solutions.  you  dont  have  to  bring  the  tote  to  a  person  to  pick  the  goods.  the  entire  order  is  picked  within  the  grid  and  then  its  brought  out  for  delivery,  says  morgan.  the  shuttle  can  also  leave  the  grid  entirely  and  take  products  anywhere  in  the  warehouse.  it  can  also  repack  and  replenish  the  grid  by  filling  up  totes  and  then  the  shuttle  drives  back  into  the  grid.  the  patented  system  made  its  debut  at
__label__assetoperationsoptimization promat  2019.  when  released,  the  shuttle  will  target  the  ecommerce  market  and  retailers  struggling  to  keep  up  with  the  amazon  effect.  that  includes  grocery  stores  now  offering  onehour  curbside  pickup.  were  trying  to  save  all  the  brickandmortar  stores,  says  morgan.  i  want  the  meijers,  the  walmarts,  the  targets  of  the  world  to  survive.  morgan  says  they  used  opensource  tools  like  gazebo,  rviz  and  moveit  in  the  shuttles  development  process.  then  we  used  our  own  mixed  blend  of  ros,  rosi  and  proprietary  code  base  to  make  this  all  come  to  life.  but  you  start  with  ros  as  a  foundation.  whether  were
__label__assetoperationsoptimization developing  this  new  shuttle,  the  scorpion  mobile  manipulator,  our  new  ,  or  a  raymond  truck,  we  use  a  variety  of  tools  for  vision,  navigation  and  mobility  those  are  all  in  the  ros  toolbox.  a  wise  man  once  said,  ros  itself  is  not  the  value.  the  applications  it  enables  are  the  principal  value.  thank  you,  erik  nieves  we  cant  wait  to  see  what  rosindustrial  enables  next  ria  members  featured  in  this  article:  spirit  aerosystems  user  member  originally  published  by  ria  via  on  05/28/2019  related  content  join  our  mailing  list  copyright  20082019  ,  ,  t:  f:  visit  our  other  association  websites  browse
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  service  robotics  use  case  will  involve  several  robotic  platforms,  like  the  opensource  robotics  operating  system  ros,  which  need  to  collaborate  to  scan  a  given  warehouse  and  to  assist  humans  in  a  logistics  domain.  the  term  service  robotics  is  generally  related  to  the  use  of  robots  to  support  operations  done  by  humans  and  the  logistics  domain  is  one  of  the  more  interesting,  for  the  presence  of  several  tasks,  where  the  robots  can  help  the  workers,  making  their  tasks  easier  and  safer.  in  example,  they  can  cooperate  to  move  a  heavy  object  from  one  place  to  another.  at  the  same  time,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization robots  involved  in  the  scenario  should  scan  the  whole  warehouse  and  update  in  realtime  informative  interfaces  for  the  managers  and  the  workers  e.g.  warehouses  map,  sharing  the  collected  information.  in  addition,  to  the  information  related  to  the  maps  of  the  whole  monitored  area,  the  connected  robots  will  also  be  equipped  with  a  set  of  sensors,  which  will  allow  collecting  interesting  info,  like  room  temperature,  presence  of  humans  or  presence  of  obstacles  in  the  robotpath.  since  several  robots  collaborate  to  collect  the  information,  they  can  keep  the  status  of  the  area  updated  in  realtime  and  balance  the  effort  required  among  them.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization at  the  beginning,  the  robots  are  configured  with  some  default  information,  like  the  map  of  the  warehouse.  then,  this  information  is  updated  in  realtime,  while  the  robots  perform  their  main  tasks.  the  demonstration  usecase  proposed  will  include  both  realtime  collection  of  data  and  control  of  the  included  robots.  particularly,  the  actuation  of  these  robots  will  be  an  interesting  testbed  for  the  platform,  to  demonstrate  how  the  solutions  developed  by  brainiot  allow  to  control  remotely,  in  a  standard  way,  the  complex  devices  involved  in  this  scenario.  the  brainiot  solution  enables  the  service  robotics  scenario,  demonstrating  how  the  toolchain  and  marketplace  developed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  the  project  can  be  used  to  enable  the  cooperation  of  the  different  robots.  in  the  envisioned  scenario,  the  brainiot  toolkit  will  be  leveraged  to  design  and  test  all  the  aspects  of  the  use  case:  the  behaviours  of  the  robots,  the  interactions  with  humans  and  the  cooperation  of  involved  robots,  to  do  specific  tasks.  the  use  of  the  brainiot  toolkit  will  enable  to  limit  the  development  of  new  adhoc  software  components,  indeed,  where  possible,  the  solution  will  be  based  on  opensource  components  and  services  already  developed  in  other  iot  platforms,  provided  to  the  developers  through  the  brainiots  marketplace  and  interconnected
__label__assetoperationsoptimization using  the  services  and  tools  developed  in  the  project.  this  scenario  described  will  involve  also  several  security  aspects.  mechanisms  of  encryption  and  authentication  will  be  adopted  in  the  whole  final  solution,  to  guarantee  the  protection  of  the  data  exchanged  and  of  the  users  privacy.  to  avoid  inappropriate  use  of  the  robots  by  malicious  users  and  to  avoid  possible  incidents  due  to  remote  control  i.e.  authorized  workers  that  try  to  control  the  robots  remotely,  without  a  correct  visual  of  what  is  happening  in  the  warehouse,  techniques  of  indoor  localization,  developed  in  other  eu  projects  i.e.  satifactory  or  ebbits  will  be  used,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  guarantee  that  only  workers  located  in  specific  zones  near  the  robots  can  control  them.  furthermore,  the  solution  will  protect  the  privacy  of  users,  anonymizing  the  data  collected,  in  order  to  avoid  sharing  users  info,  also  if  the  data  are  stolen  by  malicious  users.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ros  adds  value  to  most  robotics  projects  and  applications,  but  you  may  still  wonder,  is  ros  appropriate  for  my  specific  use  case?  we  hope  that  you  will  be  able  to  answer  this  question  after  we  introduce  you  to  the  and  show  you  some  by  ros  users  from  a  variety  of  robotics  domains.  first,  well  cover  some  of  the  reasons  you  might  want  to  consider  using  ros.  ros  was  designed  to  be  as  distributed  and  modular  as  possible,  so  that  users  can  use  as  much  or  as  little  of  ros  as  they  desire.  well  cover  what  components  make  up  ros  ,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization but  the  modularity  of  ros  allows  you  to  pick  and  choose  which  parts  are  useful  for  you  and  which  parts  youd  rather  implement  yourself.  the  distributed  nature  of  ros  also  fosters  a  large  community  of  usercontributed  packages  that  add  a  lot  of  value  on  top  of  the  core  ros  system.  at  last  there  were  over  3,000  packages  in  the  ros  ecosystem,  and  that  is  only  the  ros  packages  that  people  have  taken  the  time  to  announce  to  the  public.  these  packages  range  in  fidelity,  covering  everything  from  proofofconcept  implementations  of  new  algorithms  to  industrialquality  drivers  and  capabilities.  the  ros  user
__label__assetoperationsoptimization community  builds  on  top  of  a  common  infrastructure  to  provide  an  integration  point  that  offers  access  to  hardware  drivers,  generic  robot  capabilities,  development  tools,  useful  external  libraries,  and  more.  over  the  past  several  years,  ros  has  grown  to  include  a  large  community  of  users  worldwide.  historically,  the  majority  of  the  users  were  in  research  labs,  but  increasingly  we  are  seeing  adoption  in  the  commercial  sector,  particularly  in  industrial  and  service  robotics.  the  ros  community  is  very  active.  according  to  our  ,  at  the  time  of  writing,  the  ros  community  has  over  1,500  participants  on  the  mailing  list,  more  than  3,300
__label__assetoperationsoptimization users  on  the  collaborative  ,  and  some  5,700  users  on  the  communitydriven  qa  website.  the  wiki  has  more  than  22,000  wiki  pages  and  over  30  wiki  page  edits  per  day.  the  qa  website  has  13,000  questions  asked  to  date,  with  a  70  percent  answer  rate.  the  core  of  ros  is  licensed  under  the  standard  threeclause  bsd  license.  this  is  a  very  permissive  open  license  that  allows  for  reuse  in  commercial  and  closed  source  products.  you  can  find  more  about  the  bsd  license  here:  while  the  core  parts  of  ros  are  licensed  under  the  bsd  license,  other  licenses  are  commonly  used
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  the  community  packages,  such  as  the  apache  2.0  license,  the  gpl  license,  the  mit  license,  and  even  proprietary  licenses.  each  package  in  the  ros  ecosystem  is  required  to  specify  a  license,  so  that  it  is  easy  for  you  to  quickly  identify  if  a  package  will  meet  your  licensing  needs.  ros  by  itself  offers  a  lot  of  value  to  most  robotics  projects,  but  it  also  presents  an  opportunity  to  network  and  collaborate  with  the  world  class  roboticists  that  are  part  of  the  ros  community.  one  of  the  core  philosophies  in  ros  is  shared  development  of  common  components.  if  you  find
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vmayoral  peer  written  with  irati  zamalloa  ugarte  .  robotics  is  called  to  be  the  next  technological  revolution.  many  seem  to  agree  that  robots  will  have  a  tremendous  impact  over  the  following  years  and  some  are  heavily  betting  on  it.  companies  are  investing  billions  in  buying  others  and  public  authorities  are  discussing  legal  frameworks  to  enable  a  coherent  growth  of  robots.  understanding  where  the  field  of  robotics  is  heading  is  more  than  guesswork.  while  much  of  the  existing  public  concerns  focus  on  discussing  the  potential  issues  that  will  arise  with  the  advent  of  robots,  in  this  article,  we  present  a  review
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  some  of  the  most  relevant  milestones  that  happened  in  robotics  over  the  last  decades  and  our  insight  about  the  technologically  feasible  near  future  of  robotics.  whats  the  origin  of  robots?  to  figure  it  out  well  need  to  look  quite  a  few  decades  ago  where  different  conflicts  motivated  the  technological  growth  that  eventually  enabled  companies  to  build  the  first  digitally  controlled  mechanical  arms  to  boost  the  performance  obtained  while  executing  different  activities.  one  those  first  and  well  documented  robots  was  unimate  considered  by  many  the  first  industrial  robot  ,  a  programmable  machine  funded  by  general  motors  used  to  create  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization production  line  with  only  robots.  unimate  helped  improve  the  production  at  the  time.  this  motivated  other  companies  and  research  centers  to  actively  dedicate  resources  to  robotics  which  boosted  the  growth  of  the  field.  sensors  were  not  typically  included  in  robots  until  the  70s.  starting  from  1968,  a  second  generation  of  robots  appeared  which  integrated  sensors.  these  robots  were  able  to  react  to  its  environment  and  offer  responses  that  met  different  scenarios.  relevant  investments  were  observed  during  this  period  in  robotics.  industrial  players  all  around  the  world  were  attracted  by  the  advantage  that  robots  promised.  many  consider  that  the  era  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization robots  started  in  1980.  billions  of  dollars  were  invested  by  companies  all  around  to  world  to  automate  basic  tasks  in  their  assembly  lines  and  sales  of  industrial  robots  grew  80  above  what  happened  in  previous  years.  key  technologies  for  the  future  of  robots  appeared  within  these  years.  general  internet  access  was  extended  in  1980,  ethernet  became  a  standard  in  1983  ieee  802.3,  the  linux  kernel  was  announced  in  1991  and  soon  after  that  realtime  patches  started  appearing  on  top  of  linux.  the  robots  created  between  1980  and  1999  belong  to  what  we  call  the  third  generation  of  robots  .  robots
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  were  reprogrammable  and  included  dedicated  controllers.  robots  populated  many  industrial  sectors  and  were  used  for  a  wide  variety  of  activities:  painting,  soldering,  moving,  assembling,  etc.  by  the  end  of  the  90s,  companies  started  thinking  about  robots  outside  of  the  industrial  environment.  several  companies  created  promising  concepts  that  later  will  represent  an  inspiration  for  future  roboticists  .  among  the  robots  created  within  this  period,  we  highlight  two:  the  first  lego  mindstorms  kit  rcx  brick  sonys  aibo  1999  integration  effort  was  identified  as  one  of  the  main  issues  within  robotics  and  particularly  related  to  robots  operating  in  industry.  a  common  infrastructure
__label__assetoperationsoptimization typically  reduces  the  integration  effort  by  facilitating  an  environment  where  components  can  simply  be  connected  and  interoperate.  each  of  the  infrastructuresupported  components  are  optimized  for  such  integration  at  their  conception  and  the  infrastructure  handles  the  integration  effort.  at  that  point,  components  could  come  from  different  manufacturers,  yet  when  supported  by  a  common  infrastructure,  they  will  interoperate.  sonys  aibo  and  legos  mindstorms  kit  were  built  upon  this  principle  and  both  presented  common  infrastructures  .  even  though  they  came  from  the  consumer  side  of  robotics,  one  could  argue  that  their  success  was  strongly  related  to  the  fact  that  both  products  made  use
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  interchangeable  hardware  and  software  modules.  the  use  of  a  common  infrastructure  proved  to  be  one  of  the  key  advantages  of  these  technologies  however  those  concepts  were  never  translated  to  industrial  environments.  instead,  each  manufacturer,  in  an  attempt  to  dominate  the  market  started  creating  their  own  robot  programming  languages  .  starting  from  the  year  2000,  we  observed  that  a  new  generation  of  robot  technologies  started  appearing.  the  so  called  consisted  of  more  intelligent  robots  that  included  advanced  computers  to  reason  and  learn  to  some  extend  at  least  and  more  sophisticated  sensors  that  helped  controllers  adapt  themselves  more  effectively  to  different
__label__assetoperationsoptimization circumstances.  among  the  technologies  that  appeared  in  this  period  wed  highlight  the  2000,  formerly  the  player/stage  project,  the  2004  and  the  2007.  moreover,  relevant  hardware  platforms  appeared  during  these  years.  single  board  computers  sbcs  like  the  raspberry  pi  enabled  millions  of  users  all  around  the  world  to  create  robots  easily.  the  increasing  popularity  of  artificial  intelligence  and  particularly  of  neural  networks  became  relevant  in  this  period  as  well.  while  a  lot  of  the  important  work  on  neural  networks  happened  in  the  80s  and  in  the  90s,  at  that  time  computers  did  not  have  enough  computational  power.  datasets  werent  big  enough
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  be  useful  in  practical  applications.  as  a  result,  neural  networks  practically  disappeared  in  the  first  decade  of  the  21st  century.  however,  starting  from  2009  speech  recognition,  neural  networks  gained  popularity  and  started  delivering  good  results  in  fields  such  as  computer  vision  2012  or  machine  translation  2014.  during  the  last  years  weve  seen  how  these  techniques  have  been  translated  to  robotics  for  tasks  such  as  .  in  the  coming  years  its  expected  to  see  how  these  ai  techniques  will  have  more  and  more  impact  in  robotics.  relevant  key  technologies  appeared  also  for  the  industrial  robotics  landscape  e.g.:  ethercat  however  except
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  the  appearance  of  the  first  so  called  collaborative  robots  ,  the  progress  within  the  field  of  industrial  robotics  has  significantly  slowed  down  when  compared  to  previous  decades.  several  groups  identified  this  fact  and  wrote  about  it  with  conflicting  opinions.  below  we  summarize  some  of  the  most  relevant  points  encountered  while  reviewing  previous  work:  supplier  industry  factory  language  for  robots  to  enter  new  and  different  fields,  it  seems  reasonable  that  they  need  to  adapt  to  the  environment  itself.  this  fact  was  previously  highlighted  for  the  industrial  robotics  case  where  robots  had  to  be  fluent  with  factory  languages  .  one  could
__label__assetoperationsoptimization argue  that  the  same  for  service  robots  e.g.  households  robots  that  will  need  to  adapt  to  dish  washers,  washing  machines,  media  servers,  etc.,  medical  robots  and  many  other  areas  of  robotics.  such  reasoning  leads  to  the  creation  of  the  hros,  a  vendoragnostic  hardware  and  software  infrastructure  for  the  creation  of  robot  components  that  interoperate  and  can  be  exchanged  between  robots.  hros  builds  on  top  of  ros  which  is  used  to  define  a  set  of  standardized  logical  interfaces  that  each  physical  robot  component  must  meet  if  compliant  with  hros.  facilitates  a  fast  way  of  building  robots  choosing  the  best  component  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization each  usecase  from  a  common  robot  marketplace.  it  complies  with  different  environments  industrial,  professional,  medical,  where  variables  such  as  time  constraints  are  critical.  building  or  extending  robots  is  simplified  to  the  point  of  placing  hros  compliant  components  together.  the  user  simply  needs  to  program  the  cognition  part  i.e.  brain  of  the  robot  and  develop  their  own  usecases  without  facing  the  complexity  of  integrating  different  technologies  and  hardware  interfaces.  hros  is  on  active  development  and  the  first  prototypes  are  being  deployed  with  partners.  if  youre  interested  to  learn  more  about  it  refer  to  or  drop  us  a  line  at  .  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization latest  ai  results  being  translated  to  robotics  and  the  recent  investments  in  the  field,  theres  a  high  expectation  for  whats  coming  to  robotics  over  the  following  decades.  as  it  was  nicely  introduced  by  in  an  interview  not  long  ago,  nowadays,  still,  therere  not  that  many  things  you  can  do  with  a  10005000  bom  robot  which  is  what  most  people  would  pay  on  an  individual  basis  for  a  robot.  hardware  is  still  a  limiting  factor  and  our  team  strongly  believes  that  a  common  infrastructure  such  as  hros  will  facilitate  an  environment  where  robot  hardware  and  software  will  be  able  to  evolve.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  list  presented  above  summarizes,  according  to  our  judgement,  some  of  the  most  technically  feasible  future  robotic  technologies  to  appear.  this  review  was  funded  and  supported  by  ,  a  firm  focused  on  the  development  of  nextgeneration  robot  solutions  for  a  range  of  clients.  the  authors  would  also  like  to  thank  the  erle  robotics  and  the  acutronic  groups  for  their  support  and  help.  scientific  american  international  journal  on  computer  science  and  engineering  ieee  annals  of  the  history  of  computing  proceedings  of  the  ieee  ieee  control  systems  production  automation  project,  university  of  rochester,  international  journal  on  interactive  design  and  manufacturing  washington  dc:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization u.s.  patent  and  trademark  office,  the  capital  century  19001999.  http://www.  capitalcentury.  com/1961.  html  ieee  transactions  on  electron  devices  23  autonomous  robot  vehicles  strategic  management  journal  linkping  university  electronic  press  the  industrial  robot  robotic  fabrication  in  architecture,  art  and  design  2014  position  sensing  wrists  for  industrial  manipulators  proceedings  fourth  international  joint  conference  on  artificial  intelligence  proceedings  of  the  4th  acm/ieee  international  conference  on  human  robot  interaction,  robotics  and  factories  of  the  future87  ieee  transactions  on  systems,  man,  and  cybernetics,  construction  research  congress  2005:  broadening  perspectives  oxford  university  press  on  demand,  25  years  of  pc  control,  press  release  ieee  science  253  international
__label__assetoperationsoptimization federation  of  robotics  industrial  robot:  an  international  journal  26  1988  robotics  conferences.  doctoral  dissertation,  massachusetts  institute  of  technology,  oreilly  media  ieee  micro  industrial  robot:  an  international  journal  get  solid  gold  sent  to  your  inbox.  every  week
__label__assetoperationsoptimization riot  powers  the  internet  of  things  like  linux  powers  the  internet.  riot  is  a  operating  system  developed  by  a  gathering  companies,  academia,  and  hobbyists,  .  riot  supports  most  lowpower  and  microcontroller  architectures  32bit,  16bit,  8bit.  riot  aims  to  implement  all  relevant  supporting  an  internet  of  things  that  is  connected,  secure,  durable  privacyfriendly.  you  want  to  participate  and  contribute  to  the  kernel  development  or  integrate  new  mcu  and  platform  support?  youre  welcome  read  the  and  scan  through  our  .  subscribe  to  the  ,  which  is  the  right  place  in  case  you  have  questions.  for  live  discussions,  join  the  irc  channel  at
__label__assetoperationsoptimization .  the  informs  about  bugs  and  enhancement  requests.  you  could  also  subscribe  to  the  to  get  informed  about  new  issues,  comments,  and  pull  requests.  all  commits  to  the  source  code  will  be  posted  to  the  .  take  a  look  at  our  and  .  whether  you  are  looking  for  help  with  writing  an  application  for  riot,  learn  more  about  it,  or  just  want  to  stay  in  the  loop,  you  are  invited  to  join  the  .  rioters  meet  face  to  face  at  the  .  program  like  you  are  used  to.  do  not  waste  time  with  complex  or  new  environments.  benefit  from  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization microkernel  architecture  and  a  tickless  scheduler  on  very  lightweight  devices.  make  your  applications  ready  for  the  smaller  things  in  the  internet  with  common  system  support.  you  find  all  the  information  you  need  to  get  started  on  the  .  for  a  highlevel  overview,  check  this  to  riot.  for  a  first  handson  experience,  you  can  try  a  .  you  might  also  find  answers  to  your  questions  in  the  .  detailed  is  available  online.  the  documentation  can  also  be  built  offline  from  the  code,  using  doxygen.  riot  is  a  community  project  and  publicly  available.  we  host  our  source  code  on  github.  checkout  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization code  from  or  download  the  .  for  those  of  you  who  are  more  familiar  with  nonembedded  programming,  you  should  start  with  the  of  riot.  this  allows  to  run  riot  inside  a  process  on  linux  or  mac  os.  it  eases  the  development  and  debugging  of  both,  riot  and  .  such  a  native  process  can  be  analyzed  using  readily  available  tools  such  as  gdb  or  valgrind.  you  can  create  of  multiple  instances  of  riot  running  simultaneously  and  networked  together,  via  a  configurable  topology.  all  you  need  is  your  pc  and  linux  or  mac  os  this  enables  easy  evaluation  of  network  protocols  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization applications.  a  high  code  quality  and  thorough  testing  is  a  major  concern  for  the  riot  community.  therefore,  established  tools  like  and  and  a  hrefhttps://ci.riotos.org/jenkins/  titlejenkins  continuous  integrationjenkins/a  are  used.  riot  supports  docker  and  vagrant.  setup  your  riot  development  environment  very  easily.  we  provide  a  ,  as  well  as  a  .  riot  runs  on  several  platforms  including  embedded  devices  as  well  as  common  pcs.  it  supports  multiple  drivers,  which  allows  you  to  start  out  of  the  box.  the  hardware  dependent  code  is  reduced  to  a  minimum  and  abstracted  from  the  kernel  itself.  riot  is  free  software:  you  can  redistribute  it  and/or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization modify.  software  developed  by  the  riot  community  is  available  under  the  terms  of  the  gnu  lesser  general  public  license  as  published  by  the  free  software  foundation,  version  2.1  .  in  short,  lgplv2  allows  you  to  redistribute,  use  and/or  modify  the  free  open  source  code  developed  and  maintained  by  the  riot  community,  without  requiring  you  to  necessarily  open  your  code.  other  software  released  under  lgplv2  include  for  example  vlc,  gnu  c  library,  or  git,  as  well  as  software  for  industrial  products,  such  as  panasonic  lcd  hdtv  software.  do  you  need  more  arguments?  please  read  our  .  through  this  license,  riot  use
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  suitable  for  virtually  all  scenarios.  but  if  you  think  your  use  case  is  not  covered,  contact  us  and  we  will  work  something  out.  some  external  libraries  for  example  are  published  under  a  separate  license.  but  dont  worry,  all  code  files  contain  licensing  information  that  provide  the  necessary  details.  you  can  find  our  coding  conventions  and  a  template  for  the  license  preamble  in  the  .  you  are  using  riot  in  a  scientific  context?  please  consider  one  of  the  following  references  for  citation.  riot  goes  public.  riot  is  the  direct  successor  of  kleos.  we  decided  on  rebranding  to  avoid  problems  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization spelling  and  pronouncing  the  name  of  the  operating  system.  we  explicitly  promote  riot  to  a  larger  community.  we  have  a  .  be  part  of  the  community  and  follow  ongoing  enhancements  in  our  .  start  working  on  new  features  or  let  the  riot  community  know  what  you  miss  to  the  original  authors  of  feuerware,  the  members  of  the  research  projects  avs  extrem,  gmeshlab,  opnex,  safest  and  vive,  and  anybody  else  who  has  contributed  to  feuerware,  kleos,  and  riot.  furthermore,  a  special  thank  goes  to  peter  schmerzl  riot  is  significantly  supported  by  ,  by  ,  and  by  .  many  people  are  working
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  riot.  public  development  questions  should  be  directed  to  the  mailing  list.  if  you  require  onetoone  communication  for  other  development  questions,  you  can  contact  the  ,  and  for  questions  related  to  formal  project  establishment  or  collaboration,  you  can  contact  ,  ,  and  .  20132017.  all  rights  reserved.  .
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dublin  the  report  has  been  added  to  offering.  the  global  robot  operating  system  ros  market  size  is  expected  to  grow  from  usd  312  million  in  2019  to  usd  467  million  by  2024,  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  8.4  during  the  forecast  period.  the  rise  in  research  and  development  funds  for  industrial  automation  and  increasing  implementation  of  collaborative  modular  robots  to  drive  the  ros  market  the  increasing  demand  for  roboticsasaservice  raas  model  and  the  rising  adoption  of  lowcost  industrial  robots  are  the  key  factors  driving  the  ros  market.  however,  the  complex  design  of  modular  robots  and  controlling  electronics,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  high  installation  cost  of  lowvolume  production  applications  may  hamper  the  growth  of  ros  market.  companies  such  as  abb  and  fanuc  corporation  look  forward  to  investing  funds  toward  research  and  innovation.  strategies  such  as  collaborations  and  acquisitions  assist  organizations  which  offer  ros  in  expanding  their  geographic  footprints.  these  business  expansions  of  major  players  are  creating  a  demand  for  ros.  the  robotic  sector,  through  partnerships,  mergers,  and  acquisitions,  is  providing  companies  access  to  the  rapidly  growing  robotics  industry.  collaborative  robots  to  account  for  the  highest  cagr  during  the  forecast  period  the  safety  features  and  benefits  over  other  robots  to  perform  certain
__label__assetoperationsoptimization lightduty  tasks  is  driving  the  adoption  of  collaborative  robots  across  the  ros  market.  robots  can  be  integrated  with  various  sensors,  vision  systems,  and  passive  compliance.  it  also  integrates  with  overcurrent  detection  features,  which  detect  an  imminent  collision  with  humans  and  take  appropriate  action  to  stop  their  movement,  or  deactivate  the  arm,  or  move  the  joint  in  the  opposite  direction,  to  avoid  injury.  automotive  industry  to  dominate  the  market  during  the  forecast  period  the  automotive  industry  is  extremely  dynamic  and  requires  exceptional  flexibility  from  automotive  manufacturers.  the  growing  global  competition  demands  for  smart  production  systems,  combined  with  flexible  logistics  systems.  within
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  manufacturing  process,  competitiveness,  quality,  and  productivity  have  been  improved  owing  to  a  better  level  of  speed,  accuracy,  precision,  flexibility,  and  agility  of  robots.  hence,  ros  is  highly  incorporated  in  robots  that  are  used  in  the  automotive  industry.  the  implementation  of  robots  can  help  manufacturers  to  reduce  timetomarket,  cut  product  costs,  and  lower  energy  consumption.  as  automotive  manufacturers  look  to  remain  competitive,  they  expect  robotics  to  continue  playing  a  pivotal  role  in  the  evolution  of  the  automotive  industry.  asiapacific  to  grow  at  the  highest  cagr  during  the  forecast  period  the  ros  market  has  been  witnessing  tremendous  growth  in  regions,  such
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  china,  japan,  and  south  korea.  these  countries  have  a  high  penetration  in  the  ros  market  and  provide  solutions  that  resolve  the  complex  queries  faced  by  customers.  the  high  adoption  rate  of  digital  technologies  and  automation,  especially  in  china,  japan,  and  south  korea,  has  made  apac  a  lucrative  market.  the  growing  development  in  these  countries  is  expected  to  provide  several  new  opportunities  for  ros  vendors  in  apac.  the  rising  ageing  population  is  driving  the  demand  for  robots  in  countries,  such  as  china  and  japan.  the  increased  application  of  robots  in  diverse  industries,  including  education  and  healthcare,  further  supplements  the  growth
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  ros  market  in  apac.  the  report  covers  the  competitive  landscape  and  profiling  of  the  major  players,  such  as  abb  switzerland,  husarion  sp.  z  o.o.  poland,  stanley  innovation  us,  clearpath  robotics  canada,  fanuc  corporation  japan,  kuka  ag  germany,  irobot  corporation  us,  rethink  robotics  us,  yaskawa  electric  corporation  japan,  omron  corporation  japan,  universal  robotics  denmark,  microsoft  us,  and  denso  corporation  japan.  the  companies  are  adopting  strategies  such  as  mergers  and  acquisitions,  partnerships  and  collaborations,  and  product  developments  to  increase  their  shares  in  the  ros  market.  these  activities  have  also  been  tracked  and  mentioned  in  the  report.  the  companies  have  adopted
__label__assetoperationsoptimization various  strategies,  such  as  acquisitions,  expansions,  new  product  launches,  product  enhancements,  partnerships,  agreements,  and  collaborations,  to  cater  to  the  growing  demand  for  ros  across  the  globe  as  well  as  to  strengthen  their  position  in  the  market.  these  strategies  have  also  been  tracked  and  mentioned  in  the  report.  4.1  attractive  opportunities  in  the  robot  operating  system  market  4.2  market  in  north  america,  by  robot  type  and  country  4.3  market  major  countries  5.1  introduction  5.2  market  dynamics  5.2.1  drivers  5.2.1.1  rising  rd  funds  for  industry  automation  5.2.1.2  increasing  implementation  of  collaborative  modular  robots  5.2.1.3  growing  participation  of  smes  in  developing  countries  5.2.2
__label__assetoperationsoptimization restraints  5.2.2.1  complex  design  of  modular  robots  and  controlling  electronics  5.2.2.2  high  installation  cost  of  lowvolume  production  applications  5.2.3  opportunities  5.2.3.1  increasing  demand  for  roboticsasaservice  model  5.2.3.2  rising  adoption  of  lowcost  industrial  robots  5.2.4  challenges  5.2.4.1  requirement  of  advanced  robotics  applications  to  meet  consumer  expectations  5.2.4.2  need  to  safely  handle  industrialgrade  operations  5.3  use  cases  5.3.1  introduction  5.3.1.1  use  case:  scenario  1  5.3.1.2  use  case:  scenario  2  5.3.1.3  use  case:  scenario  3  5.3.1.4  use  case:  scenario  4  5.4  integration  with  other  operating  systems  5.4.1  introduction  5.4.2  gazebo  5.4.3  opencv  5.4.4  point  cloud  library  5.4.5  moveit  5.4.6  ros  industrial  6.1  introduction
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 6.2  articulated  robots  6.2.1  increasing  demand  for  articulated  robots  to  pave  the  way  for  the  robot  operating  system  market  in  different  verticals  6.3  scara  robots  6.3.1  best  timetoperformance  ratio  offered  by  scara  robots  for  speed  application  to  enhance  the  market  growth  6.4  parallel  robots  6.4.1  increasing  demand  for  pick  and  place  application  to  drive  the  market  for  parallel  robots  6.5  cartesian  robots  6.5.1  high  degree  of  mechanical  rigidity,  accuracy,  and  repeatability  to  drive  the  growth  of  cartesian  robots  6.6  collaborative  robots  6.6.1  safety  features  of  collaborative  robots  to  drive  the  growth  of  the  market  7.1  introduction  7.2  automotive  7.2.1  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization demand  for  smart  production  in  the  automotive  industry  to  drive  the  growth  of  the  market  7.3  electrical  and  electronics  7.3.1  increasing  demand  for  miniaturization  of  electrical  and  electronic  equipment  to  boost  the  market  7.4  metal  and  machinery  7.4.1  machine  tending  and  welding  applications  to  drive  the  market  for  metal  and  machinery  industry  7.5  plastics,  rubber,  and  chemicals  7.5.1  capability  to  handle  hazardous  explosive  substances  to  boost  the  adoption  of  ros  in  plastics,  rubber,  and  chemicals  industry  7.6  food  and  beverages  7.6.1  the  demand  for  palletizing  and  pickandplace  applications  in  food  and  beverages  industry  to  enhance  the  growth  of  the  market
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 7.7  healthcare  7.7.1  need  for  handling  hazardous  biologicals  and  radioactive  substances  to  boost  the  market  growth  in  healthcare  industry  7.8  others  8.1  introduction  8.2  pick  and  place  8.2.1  increasing  need  of  automation  driving  the  ros  adoption  across  repetitive  pick  and  place  tasks  8.3  plastic  injection  and  blow  molding  8.3.1  ros  offers  costeffective,  highperformance  factory  automation  tool  for  injection  molders  8.4  printed  circuit  board  handling  and  information  communication  and  technology  8.4.1  complicated  tasks  included  in  pcb  handling  to  drive  the  growth  of  rosimplemented  robots  in  the  market  8.5  testing  and  quality  inspection  8.5.1  ros  to  increase  consistency  and  maintain  high  levels
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  product  quality  8.6  metal  stamping  and  press  trending  8.6.1  rosbased  robots  to  help  manufacturers  in  terms  of  utilization,  secondary  processes,  labor  resources,  and  productivity  8.7  computer  numerical  control  machine  tending  8.7.1  ros  to  support  robots  to  tend  machines  and  relieve  employees  from  repetitive  work  8.8  copacking  and  end  of  line  packaging  8.8.1  ros  to  ensure  the  deliveries  counted  correctly  and  packed  9.1  introduction  9.2  north  america  9.2.1  united  states  9.2.1.1  increasing  demand  for  automating  production  to  drive  market  growth  in  the  us  9.2.2  canada  9.2.2.1  growing  need  for  flexible  automation  to  boost  the  market  growth  in  canada  9.3  europe
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 9.3.1  united  kingdom  9.3.1.1  increasing  manufacturing  competitiveness  to  drive  market  growth  in  the  uk  9.3.2  germany  9.3.2.1  increase  in  the  number  of  automotive  original  equipment  manufacturers  to  boost  market  growth  in  germany  9.3.3  rest  of  europe  9.4  asiapacific  9.4.1  china  9.4.1.1  electrical  and  electronics  industry  to  drive  the  market  growth  in  china  9.4.2  japan  9.4.2.1  shortage  of  skilled  labor  to  drive  the  growth  of  ros  market  in  japan  9.4.3  south  korea  9.4.3.1  rapid  technological  adoption  to  drive  the  market  growth  in  south  korea  9.4.4  rest  of  asiapacific  9.5  rest  of  the  world  10.1  introduction  10.2  competitive  situation  and  trends  10.2.1
__label__assetoperationsoptimization new  product/service  launches  10.2.2  agreements,  collaborations,  and  partnerships  10.2.3  mergers  and  acquisitions  10.2.4  business  expansions  10.3  key  players  in  the  robot  operating  system  market  11.1  abb  11.2  fanuc  11.3  kuka  ag  11.4  yaskawa  electric  corporation  11.5  denso  11.6  microsoft  11.7  omron  11.8  universal  robots  11.9  clearpath  robotics  11.10  irobot  corporation  11.11  rethink  robotics  gmbh  11.12  stanley  innovation  11.13  husarion  for  more  information  about  this  report  visit  researchandmarkets.com  laura  wood,  senior  press  manager  for  e.s.t  office  hours  call  19173000470  for  u.s./can  toll  free  call  18005268630  for  gmt  office  hours  call  35314168900  researchandmarkets.com  laura  wood,  senior  press  manager  for  e.s.t  office  hours
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  same  internet  of  things  iot  devices  that  are  enabling  more  granular  lighting  and  are  now  making  predictive  maintenance  easier,  cheaper  and  less  laborintensive  for  elevators  and  escalators.  iots  technical  capabilities  let  the  devices  manage  large  streams  of  performance  data  and  and  impending  failures  with  a  fraction  of  the  time  and  effort  it  would  take  a  human  technician  to  perform  that  kind  of  analysis.  as  a  result,  vertical  transportation  is  embracing  the  philosophy  aircraft  engineers  have  used  for  years,  says  rory  smith,  director  of  strategic  development  for  thyssenkrupp  elevator  americas.  photo:modern  interior  of  trade  center  with  lifts.  credit:  roman  sigaev
__label__assetoperationsoptimization pilots  radio  ahead  when  they  have  a  problem.  if  they  detect  a  problem  with  an  oil  pump  in  an  engine  on  a  flight  from  london  to  chicago,  they  can  radio  ahead  and  say  i  need  my  oil  pump  replaced  when  we  land,  and  they  can  change  the  parts  rapidly  and  put  the  plane  back  into  service  without  missing  the  next  flight,  explains  smith.  they  have  expensive  assets  and  a  high  cost  of  failure.  now  we  can  take  advantage  of  that  same  technology  and  apply  it  to  assets  like  elevators  and  escalators.  so  far,  iot  implementation  for  vertical  transportation  has  revealed
__label__assetoperationsoptimization two  key  customer  camps,  according  to  jeremy  rainwater,  senior  vice  president  of  existing  installation  and  modernization  for  schindler:  people  who  prize  the  benefits  of  improved  performance,  ,  and  those  who  are  more  focused  on  cost  savings.  todays  iotenabled  elevators  deliver  these  10  benefits  and  more.  like  the  iot  devices  in  other  building  systems,  elevator  iot  devices  make  gathering  data  simple  and  effortless.  depending  on  the  elevator  manufacturer  and  model,  your  iotenabled  elevator  might  gather  data  in  any  of  these  areas,  according  to  charlie  slater,  director  of  field  operations  at  american  testing  and  inspection  services:  the  biggest  immediate  timesaver  that  iot
__label__assetoperationsoptimization data  fuels  is  improving  your  preventive  maintenance  schedule  and  switching  to  more  of  a  predictive  maintenance  model.  the  devices  can  monitor  changes  in  operating  conditions,  like  heat,  friction  or  noise,  and  use  the  changes  to  predict  when  the  elevator  needs  maintenance.  photo:technician  fix  the  lift  or  elevator  in  railway  station  of  skytrain.  credit:  sb7  if  certain  conditions  are  left  unattended,  they  could  result  in  equipment  failure,  and  in  turn  cause  an  unplanned  disruption  in  a  building,  explains  daniel  elez,  senior  vice  president  of  service  business  for  .  iot  is  allowing  maintenance  to  become  predictiveand  .  keeping  track  of  wear  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization tear  is  another  useful  way  to  predict  when  and  where  maintenance  will  soon  become  necessary,  adds  smith.  that  could  include  door  openclose  cycles,  how  long  the  door  takes  to  close  and  how  much  power  it  draws  to  do  so,  how  many  times  the  elevator  has  to  relevel,  acceleration  speeds  and  even  the  physical  distance  the  elevator  has  traveled.  were  keeping  track  of  door  cycles  on  a  per  floor  basis  so  that  we  know  which  floors  have  the  most  use  of  the  doors.  no  matter  what  brand,  the  doors  on  elevators  are  the  most  problematic  device  because  theyre  mechanical  and  they
__label__assetoperationsoptimization take  a  lot  of  abuse,  smith  explains.  people  run  into  the  doors  and  hold  them  open  when  theyre  trying  to  close.  we  believe  theres  a  correlation  between  the  amount  of  abuse  and  the  number  of  breakdowns  and  we  want  to  make  sure  we  adjust  our  maintenance  frequency  to  the  doors  that  get  the  most  use.  now  we  can  and  say  every  x  number  of  times  the  door  cycles,  we  should  schedule  maintenance,  he  adds.  the  constant  stream  of  data  from  the  monitoring  devices  also  enables  manufacturers  and  other  elevator  service  professionals  to  diagnose  problems  at  least  partially  before  they  even
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reach  your  building,  saving  valuable  onsite  time  that  would  otherwise  have  been  wasted  on  testing  and  troubleshooting.  use  this  checklist  to  keep  major  building  systemshvac,  roofing,  plumbing  and  lightingin  good  working  order.  the  technician  can  receive  a  complete  diagnosis  with  corroborating  information  and  suggested  actions  ahead  of  time  so  that  when  they  reach  your  building,  they  can  spend  all  of  their  time  actually  fixing  the  problem,  elez  says.  without  iot,  if  its  noticed  that  an  elevator  is  out  of  service,  a  maintenance  company  would  be  contacted  to  request  a  service  call,  says  slater.  the  elevator  maintenance  company  would  need  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dispatch  a  mechanic  to  visit  the  unit  and  hopefully  diagnose  the  issue  correctly.  they  may  have  to  order  parts  and  have  a  return  visit  to  perform  the  repair.  if  the  diagnosis  was  incorrect,  they  would  have  to  start  over  again.  with  iot,  the  elevator  maintenance  company  knows  immediately  and  probably  before  the  building  does  that  the  elevator  is  out  of  service.  iot  devices  in  elevators  may  even  be  able  to  catch  problems  before  facilities  managers  or  building  occupants  notice  anything  is  amiss.  remote  monitoring  and  diagnostics  can  instead  of  waiting  until  the  elevator  is  noticeably  noisier  or  drawing  a  spike
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  power.  for  example,  schindler  can  see  that  an  elevator  is  on  the  third  floor  of  a  building  with  a  switch  in  the  wrong  position  and  can  proactively  contact  the  customer  to  resolve  the  issue,  vs.  the  customer  having  to  call  for  service,  get  in  the  queue  for  a  technician  and  have  the  technician  arrive  just  to  find  out  that  a  switch  needed  to  be  turned,  rainwater  says.  this  level  of  proactive  service  will  help  us  deliver  even  better  performance  and  reliability  by  using  data  to  identify  and  act  on  potential  issues  even  before  our  customers  are  aware  of  an
__label__assetoperationsoptimization issue.  future  elevator  iot  devices  should  be  able  to  gather  data  on  the  behavior  of  users  and  use  that  to  inform  the  units  behavior,  elez  notes:  for  example,  instead  of  an  unexpected  influx  of  lobby  visitors,  data  can  help  inform  systems  when  trains  arrive  nearby  or  large  meetings  or  conferences  are  ending,  all  to  be  prepared  for  lots  of  people  arriving  or  departing  a  building.  theres  significant  value  in  not  having  to  drop  everything  to  deal  with  an  unexpected  elevator  or  escalator  breakdown.  downtime  for  your  vertical  transportation  should  be  rare,  planned  and  during  offpeak  hours.  failure  prediction  is  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization big  goal,  smith  says.  we  want  elevators  to  be  running  a  higher  percentage  of  the  time,  but  we  also  want  to  have  planned  downtime.  you  cant  have  100  percent  uptime  because  youll  have  to  take  it  out  of  service  to  provide  maintenance,  so  we  want  to  make  sure  that  the  right  amount  of  maintenance  is  being  provided.  preventative  maintenance  is  a  crucial  component  to  your  facilities  systems.  taking  this  one  step  further  is  prescriptive  maintenanceor  rxm.  the  iot  devices  are  like  a  computerized  version  of  a  resident  or  escalator  mechanic  who  gets  to  know  the  machines  through  daily  use  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization inspection,  smith  adds.  most  buildings  dont  have  that  kind  of  specialized  expertise  onsite  anymore,  but  the  24/7  monitoring  by  iot  devices  serves  as  the  eyes  and  ears  of  whoever  is  responsible  for  maintaining  a  buildings  vertical  transportation  systems.  manufacturers  can  use  iot  data  inhouse  to  improve  the  innovation  process.  something  as  simple  as  switching  out  a  part  vendor  could  have  sizable  effects,  positive  or  negative.  with  machine  learning  and  all  of  this  data,  were  learning  which  components  are  strong  and  which  ones  are  weak  so  that  we  can  take  that  and  say  were  having  a  lot  of  problems  with  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization particular  component.  lets  fix  that  and  figure  out  how  we  can  harden  it  so  it  wont  fail,  smith  says.  we  might  have  a  new  vendor  for  a  product  and  well  be  able  to  see  the  results  of  changing  vendors  on  what  appears  to  be  an  equal  component.  iot  ends  up  being  a  product  improvement  and  customer  satisfaction  approach.  facilities  teams  looking  at  iot  integration  often  fear  that  the  equipment  is  proprietary,  slater  says.  sometimes  thats  true,  but  you  can  avoid  being  trapped  into  a  longterm  maintenance  agreement  for  a  system  that  wont  communicate  with  other  manufacturers  by  specifying  your  needs
__label__assetoperationsoptimization up  front.  other  maintenance  companies  may  be  able  to  integrate  if  not  fully,  then  partially  their  own  iot  systems  with  the  existing  equipment  of  another  manufacturer,  slater  says.  there  are  also  steps  that  can  be  taken  prior  to  having  iot  installed  or  purchasing  a  new  or  modernized  elevator  or  escalator  with  iot.  for  example,  hire  an  elevator  inspector  or  consultant  to  draft  a  specification  for  iot  and  ensure  the  building  receives  something  that  most  maintenance  companies  can  integrate  with.  monitoring  equipment  constantly  and  avoiding  breakdowns  not  only  lets  you  avoid  emergency  service  calls,  it  also  may  save  you  money  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  actual  services  performed,  elez  says.  ongoing  monitoring  of  equipment  can  provide  significant  cost  savings  in  the  long  run  by  upgrading  component  parts  vs.  the  need  for  a  fullunit  replacement  due  to  more  extensive  damages  from  a  series  of  issues,  elez  explains.  the  ultimate  benefit  is  the  smooth  flow  of  people  in  a  facility.  the  falling  cost  of  iot  devices  and  advances  in  the  cellular  technology  that  the  devices  use  to  communicate  are  making  iot  a  more  than  ever,  rainwater  says.  previous  technology  was  limited  in  its  capability  and  potential,  creating  a  ceiling  on  innovation,  rainwater  adds.  the  latest  generation
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  cellular  technology  and  the  ability  to  use  that  tech  to  get  massive  amounts  of  information  to  systems  with  far  more  computing  power  allows  us  to  use  iot  as  a  tool  for  predictive  analytics  and  predictive  maintenance  and  add  future  services  and  apps  for  building  managers.  janelle  penny  has  more  than  a  decade  of  experience  in  journalism,  with  a  special  emphasis  on  covering  facilities  management.  she  aims  to  deliver  practical,  actionable  content  for  facilities  professionals.  join  our  buildings  bulletin  community  now  preventative  maintenance  scheduling  saves  money.  right  now,  get  the  top  40  pm  tasks  checklist  for  free  when  you  .
__label__assetoperationsoptimization go  paperless.  get  organized.  improve  communication.  and  its  all  for  free.  see  how  work  order  software  can  improve  your  maintenance  management.  .  raceways  move  connectivity  to  new  places  without  the  destruction  and  cost  of  core  drilling  and  trenching.  learn  how  they  work  and  .  still  using  paper  or  excel  to  track  your  maintenance  management?  stop.  theres  a  better  solution.  and  see  improved  efficiency  start  today.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  read  january  15,  2019  0  if  theres  one  technology  city  dwellers  take  for  granted,  its  elevators.  there  are  a  couple  of  reasons  for  this:  1  the  elevator  has  been  around  for  more  than  150  years  and  2  elevators  can  sometimes  be  slow  and  waste  a  lot  of  time  and  energy.  as  more  of  the  worlds  population  moves  to  cities,  elevators  are  becoming  a  necessity  standard  mode  of  transportation.  thats  why  elevator  manufacturers  are  overhauling  their  operations  with  faster  elevators  that  use  time  and  energy  more  efficiently.  elevators  have  even  involved  to  ditch  the  standard  cables  for  magnetic  levitation  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization .  if  elevators  and  escalators  do  not  work  properly,  this  has  a  significant  impact  on  the  way  cities  function.  people  may  not  get  to  work  on  time  in  office  buildings.  smart  elevators  have  been  around  for  more  than  a  decade  and  replace  buttons  with  keypads.  by  clustering  riders  together,  such  elevators  are  than  typical  traditional  elevators.  simply  having  topquality  escalators,  elevators  and  related  solutions  in  place  are  not  enough.  ai  is  helping  elevator  manufacturers  better  anticipate  problems,  improve  repair  services  and  handle  traffic  more  efficiently.  one  such  elevator  firm,  ,  recently  joined  forces  with  ibms  watson  iot,  to  provide  predictive
__label__assetoperationsoptimization maintenance  services  and  offer  more  personalized  experiences.  the  first  manifestation  of  kones  watson  iot  deal  is  24/7  connected  services.  the  offering  uses  the  watson  iot  platform  and  predictive  maintenance  insights  to  bring  intelligent  services  to  elevators  and  escalators.  by  connecting  its  elevators  to  the  cloud  and  analyzing  the  data  each  elevator  produces,  kone  can  tailor  the  perfect  maintenance  to  each  individual  elevator.  this  means  fewer  faults,  faster  repairs,  higher  availability  and  more  peace  of  mind  for  customers.  the  aibased  system  not  only  synthesized  incoming  data,  but  analyzes  it  to  make  sense  of  the  signals  it  receives.  for  instance,  a  temperature
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reading  thats  slightly  above  normal  may  be  an  indication  of  engine  trouble,  but  watson  iot  can  also  note  if  its  a  hot  day,  which  might  be  a  factor  as  well.  another  example  could  be  when  an  elevator  shares  it  landed  a  few  millimeters  higher  than  usual  or  is  experiencing  a  slight  vibration  after  start  all  indicators  of  potential  problems.  in  response,  watson  iot  could  schedule  maintenance  or  note  an  unusual  data  point  for  future  reference.  sensors  and  systems  connected  to  elevators  and  escalators  in  kones  maintenance  base  share  the  data.  the  analyzed  data  can  be  provided  to  service  technicians,  who
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  identify  the  issues  and  can  reserve  the  correct  spare  parts  in  advance  before  driving  to  the  site.  with  realtime  analysis,  intelligent,  proactive  decisions  can  be  taken  on  how  to  solve  any  potential  problems  before  they  become  an  issue.  in  addition  to  collecting  and  storing  equipment  data,  kone  is  also  using  ibm  cloud  to  collect  and  store  equipment  data,  build  applications  and  develop  new  solutions.  these  new  services  blend  cuttingedge  technology  with  an  understanding  of  peoples  needs  to  improve  people  flow  in  homes,  neighborhoods  and  cities.  increasingly,  elevators  will  be  a  key  component  of  smart  cities,  as  internetconnected  urban  centers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  use  iot  and  ai  will  use  resources  more  efficiently.  adding  intelligence  to  a  citys  infrastructure  can  make  it  easier  for  people  to  get  around  and  improve  their  quality  of  life.  over  the  next  few  years,  kone  aims  to  connect  its  global  maintenance  base  of  more  than  a  million  elevators,  escalators  and  building  doors  to  cloudbased  services.  kone  hopes  by  gathering  vast  amounts  of  data  from  equipment  operations  and  using  sophisticated  analysis  and  connectivity,  it  will  have  elevators  that  increasingly  arrive  on  time  when  you  need  them,  stop  less  and  use  energy  more  efficiently.  for  kone,  ai  is  playing  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization significant  role  in  transforming  the  company.  technicians  can  have  all  the  information  they  need  at  their  fingertips  such  as  work  tasks,  location  and  maintenance  history  of  the  elevator.  customers  can  also  access  kone  care  online  to  see  in  real  time  how  the  company  is  addressing  maintenance  issues  and  repairs.  with  the  latest  advances  and  integrating,  the  humble  elevator  is  transforming  into  cuttingedge  technology  to  offer  users  a  seamless  experience.  use  ai  to  constantly  monitor  the  condition  of  systems  that  power  your  business  to  ensure  bigger  problems  dont  disrupt  your  work.  read  more  by  by  by  by  by  by
__label__assetoperationsoptimization how  one  of  the  worlds  largest  elevator  firms  is  hoping  to  spot  problems  before  they  arise  by  funnelling  data  into  microsofts  azure  machine  learning  service.  by  topic:  chances  are  youve  ridden  in  a  thyssenkrupp  elevator.  the  germanbased  firm  looks  after  more  than  1.1  million  elevators  worldwide  and  runs  lifts  in  iconic  buildings  such  as  the  one  world  trade  center  in  new  york  and  the  1263foot  cma  tower  in  riyadh,  saudi  arabia  the  countrys  tallest  skyscraper.  keeping  those  elevators  running  is  a  fulltime  business,  and  demand  is  increasing  every  year  as  new  buildings  spring  up  in  the  fastgrowing  nations  of  china
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  india.  the  elevator  business  is  a  maintenance  operation.  you  install  an  elevator  once  and  you  maintain  it  for  100  years,  said  dr  rory  smith,  director  of  strategic  development  americas  for  thyssenkrupp.  our  customers  dont  want  us  to  say  we  know  it  broke;  they  want  we  fixed  it  before  it  broke.  all  they  care  about  is  never  hearing  about  their  elevator.  making  sure  an  elevator  never  breaks  down  requires  a  lot  of  data,  and  thyssenkrupp  turned  its  attention  to  the  large  amounts  of  untapped  information  it  generates  each  day.  since  last  year  the  company  has  been  working  with  microsoft  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization build  a  monitoring  system  that  feeds  data  from  its  elevators  and  escalators  to  the  azure  cloud  platform,  using  microsofts  to  help  capture  that  information  and  its  service  to  make  sense  of  it.  the  aim  is  to  develop  a  system  that  knows  what  repairs  need  to  be  carried  out  before  anything  breaks  and  which  can  advise  engineers  on  what  work  needs  doing  during  callouts.  thyssenkrupp  has  trialled  a  proofofconcept  version  of  the  system  on  less  than  50  elevators  and  plans  to  begin  rolling  it  out  in  earnest  this  year,  expecting  to  extend  it  to  about  600,000  elevators  and  escalators  in  12
__label__assetoperationsoptimization months  time.  eventually  the  company  intends  to  use  the  system  to  monitor  about  60  percent  of  its  elevators  worldwide.  modern  elevators  those  fitted  in  the  past  30  years  generally  use  multiple  embedded  computer  systems  to  help  run  the  lift.  these  systems  generate  an  array  of  data,  indicating  when  floor  buttons  are  pressed,  when  the  door  opens  and  closes,  how  often  the  motors  driving  the  lift  are  running  and  the  weight  being  carried  by  the  elevator  car.  the  lifts  systems  also  generates  error  or  event  codes,  which  can  be  read  by  a  maintenance  engineer  during  the  next  routine  service  and  help
__label__assetoperationsoptimization them  work  out  what  needs  attention.  thyssenkrupp  plans  to  attach  a  device  that  collects  these  codes,  alongside  other  data  about  the  operation  of  the  elevator,  and  sends  them  to  the  azure  platform  every  day.  by  monitoring  usage  in  this  way  thyssenkrupp  plans  to  target  when  and  where  it  carries  out  maintenance.  rather  than  scheduling  a  routine  service  every  x  number  of  months,  the  frequency  and  nature  of  these  services  would  instead  be  based  on  how  each  elevator  is  functioning.  keeping  tabs  on  their  workings  will  be  the  azure  machine  learning  service,  which  will  monitor  details  such  as  how  often  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization lift  door  opens  or  the  energy  expended  to  drive  the  elevator.  we  can  really  adjust  our  maintenance  and  learn  just  how  much  is  needed.  what  are  the  tasks  we  need  to  perform  on  our  next  visit  based  upon  the  usage,  the  environment,  the  weather  and  the  building,  said  smith.  lets  suppose  we  know  the  load  of  a  car  and  the  motor  current;  if  we  see  the  current  going  up  at  the  same  load  over  time,  it  means  some  friction  element  is  increasing  such  as  maybe  a  bearing  going  bad.  with  machine  learning  were  going  to  be  given  a  list  saying
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  your  next  maintenance  these  are  the  tasks  that  you  should  perform,  said  smith.  in  addition,  the  rules  used  by  the  machinelearning  service  to  determine  when  a  service  is  needed,  and  what  work  should  be  done,  will  be  automatically  updated  based  on  feedback  from  engineers.  for  example,  a  lift  door  might  be  scheduled  for  a  service  every  10,000  times  it  opens,  but  that  rule  could  be  altered  if  experience  dictates  that  door  generally  needs  attention  every  5,000  times.  for  each  elevator  the  ruleset  might  be  the  same,  but  the  condition  for  when  you  need  to  do  something  might  be  different,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smith  said,  adding  the  system  would  also  factor  in  what  it  had  learned  about  the  environment  where  the  building  was  based.  for  instance,  elevators  that  are  in  harsh  environments.  i  spent  five  years  in  dubai,  where  you  have  the  problem  of  sand  getting  into  everything.  maybe  you  need  to  do  more  maintenance  there  than  you  do  in  a  very  clean  environment.  smith  hopes  the  system  will  help  thyssenkrupp  handle  the  explosive  growth  in  demand  for  elevators  in  china,  india  and  other  rapidly  developing  nations.  in  the  us  there  are  one  million  elevators  currently  operating.  in  china  each  year  500,000  elevators
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  added.  so  every  two  years  in  china  the  number  of  elevators  installed  and  running  equals  the  number  that  have  been  running  for  about  150  years  in  the  us,  he  said.  how  do  you  keep  up  with  that?  the  training  problem  is  huge  because  you  have  to  be  training  all  these  people  that  have  no  experience  with  elevators  because  there  hasnt  been  an  elevator  industry  of  that  magnitude.  were  looking  at  this  to  help  training,  to  control  maintenance  and  keep  up  with  the  growth,  said  smith.  thyssenkrupp  and  microsoft  have  built  an  expert  system  based  on  azure  machine  learning  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  tell  an  engineer  whats  likely  to  be  wrong  with  an  elevator  during  a  service  visit  listing  the  four  most  probable  causes  of  an  error  code  and  ways  to  test  for  each  problem.  feedback  from  engineers  on  what  the  actual  problem  was  and  how  they  fixed  it  will  help  the  system  learn  and  refine  how  it  interprets  such  error  codes  and  advises  other  engineers  in  future.  working  out  what  information  the  company  has  available  and  what  to  do  with  it  accounted  for  the  lions  share  of  work  on  developing  the  system  over  the  past  year,  according  to  smith.  beyond  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization work,  the  two  companies  have  spent  most  of  their  time  devising  software  to  handle  data  flowing  from  its  equipment.  its  very  complex  because  we  have  multiple  types  of  elevators  and  escalators,  smith  said.  weve  had  to  put  a  great  deal  of  effort  into  building  the  rules  engines  and  software  to  support  this.  working  with  microsoft,  the  firm  had  to  devise  software  to  prioritise  handling  of  elevator  error  codes  so  the  system  understood  the  best  course  of  action.  first,  the  device  gathering  the  data  has  been  configured  so  any  error  codes  that  suggest  an  issue  requiring  urgent  attention  are  immediately  reported
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  the  company  .  however,  the  bulk  of  error  codes  will  be  sent  once  per  day,  and  smith  said  thyssenkrupp  and  microsoft  had  developed  a  very  complex  rules  engine  for  interpreting  those  error  codes  one  that  takes  into  account  both  general  and  specific  factors  such  as  the  country  an  elevator  is  based  in.  creating  that  rules  engine  is  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  we  have,  according  to  smith.  the  other  main  focus  of  thyssenkrupp  has  been  integrating  data  and  systems  on  microsofts  azure  cloud  with  its  erp  systems  oracle  in  the  us  and  sap  in  europe.  although  its  still  early
__label__assetoperationsoptimization days  for  the  project,  smith  is  hopeful  that  giving  its  engineers  a  pocket  expert  on  its  elevators  and  using  targeted  servicing  schedules  will  realise  thyssenkrupps  goal  of  cutting  breakdowns.  generally  speaking,  lift  companies  sell  maintenance  based  upon  whatever  happens,  we  fix  it  for  you,  every  breakdown  is  paid  for.  all  we  have  to  do  is  eliminate  one  breakdown  per  elevator  and  this  system  pays  for  itself,  smith  said.  by  topic:  internet  of  things  innovation  tech  industry  internet  of  things  2019  cbs  interactive.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization this  page  uses  cookies.  by  continuing  to  browse  the  site,  you  are  agreeing  to  our  use  of  cookies.  you  can  find  out  more  in  our  elevator  technology  max  max  the  game  changer  the  worlds  cities  are  getting  smarter.  our  smart,  machine  learning  internet  of  things  iot  solution  dramatically  increases  elevator  availability  by  reducing  outofservice  situations  through  realtime  diagnostics.  max  predicts  maintenance  issues  before  they  occur,  and  empowers  elevator  engineers  by  flagging  the  need  to  replace  components  and  systems  before  the  end  of  their  lifecycle.  70  of  the  worlds  population  living  in  cities  by  the  end  of  the  century.cities  are  growing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fast  and  increasingly  dense.  over  the  next  three  decades,  an  additional  three  billion  people  will  move  into  urban  centers  worldwide.  by  the  end  of  the  century,  70  of  the  globes  population  will  live  in  cities.more  people  and  traffic  in  cities  means  less  time  time  that  people  truly  need.  max  gives  back  some  of  this  precious  time  by  increasing  the  availability  of  the  worlds  most  common  and  safest  mode  of  transportation:  elevators.  more  than  12  million  elevators  move  one  billion  people  every  day.  worldwide,  more  than  12  million  elevators  make  seven  billion  trips  and  move  over  one  billion  people  every  day.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization yet  every  year,  maintenance  needs  render  elevators  unavailable  for  a  total  of  190  million  hours  216  centuries.  max  dramatically  improves  elevator  availability  and  overall  system  efficiency.  a  study  by  columbia  university  students  found  that  in  new  york  city  office  workers  spent  a  cumulative  16.6  years  waiting  for  elevators,  underscoring  the  need  to  increase  both  elevator  availability  and  efficiency.with  max,  new  york  city  office  workers  have  the  potential  to  get  back  more  than  eight  years  of  free  time.  keeping  people  moving  max  is  revolutionizing  the  elevator  industry.  this  datadriven  maintenance  technology  has  the  power  to  cut  downtime  by  up  to  50.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization max  collects  and  sends  realtime  data  from  connected  elevators  to  the  intelligent  cloud.  intricate  algorithms  calculate  the  remaining  lifetime  of  each  elevators  key  components  and  systems,  determining  which  parts  will  require  maintenance  and  when.  machine  data,  such  as  door  movements,  trips,  powerups,  car  calls,  error  codes  and  more,  is  collected  from  maxconnected  elevators  worldwide.  this  data  is  sent  to  the  cloud  where  unique  algorithms  analyze  it  for  patterns  and  compute  the  equipments  operation  and  the  components  remaining  lifetime.  precise  and  predictive  diagnostics  are  delivered  to  the  technician  in  real  time,  indicating  where  intervention  is  required.  with  max  as  their  digitalage
__label__assetoperationsoptimization partner,  our  24,000  global  service  engineers  and  technicians  receive  realtime  alerts  for  preissue  repairs,  enabling  them  to  be  more  proactive  with  customers.  this  includes  scheduling  maintenance  tasks  ahead  of  elevator  breakdowns  and  at  times  of  minimal  disruption  within  the  building.  in  this  way,  our  engineers  help  building  managers  and  users  avoid  the  frustration  and  inconvenience  of  outofservice  elevators.  max  increases  overall  elevator  availability,  significantly  improving  building  efficiency.  moving  from  reactive  troubleshooting  to  proactively  preventing  failures,  max  provides  advance  information  about  the  wear  and  tear  of  elevator  components,  allowing  you  to  anticipate  and  plan  for  future  costs  and  schedule  disruptions.  max
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gives  you  the  benefit  of  datadriven  maintenance  service  based  on  clear  and  transparent  data  and  hard  facts.  realtime  information  about  your  elevators  operations,  performance  and  service  history  are  readily  available.  max  enables  enhanced  maintenance  service,  ensuring  optimized  maintenance  for  all  elevator  components  and  prolonging  your  elevators  overall  lifetime.  elevator  safety  and  reliability  are  further  improved  with  any  anomalies  immediately  reported  to  a  technician  and,  when  max  is  in  full  predictive  mode,  will  be  reported  even  before  they  occur.  the  combination  of  cloud  technology,  big  data  and  machine  learning  makes  max  an  invaluable  asset  for  building  owners  and  custodians.  and  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization benefits  max  brings  get  bigger  and  better  over  time.  thanks  to  our  virtual  service  mode  feature,  max  does  not  transmit  any  data  during  a  scheduled  maintenance  visit,  avoiding  the  possibility  of  triggering  any  false  alerts  and  maximizing  accuracy  in  assessing  your  elevators  health.  is  an  alert  urgent  or  can  it  wait  until  a  scheduled  maintenance  visit?  max  determines  if  an  issue  is  critical  and  needs  to  be  addressed  immediately  or  if  it  can  be  solved  as  a  part  of  a  scheduled  visit,  resulting  in  more  efficient  maintenance.  as  a  result  of  machine  learning,  max  is  always  improving  and  we  make
__label__assetoperationsoptimization sure  you  have  the  latest  benefits  max  has  to  offer  via  our  remote  update  feature.  predictive  maintenance  is  now  available  for  your  escalators  too  applying  the  learnings  from  max  elevator  service  to  escalators,  we  bring  another  element  of  urban  mobility  into  the  max  fold.  clear  and  transparent  elevator  information,  including  elevators  in  service  and  their  availability,  are  always  at  hand.  max  also  records  service  data  such  as  the  number  of  maintenance  visits  and  dates  of  visits.  max  recognizes  patterns  between  callbacks  through  continuous  data  analysis,  enabling  proactive  contact  with  customers  to  resolve  any  problems.  in  the  near  future,  the  wear
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  tear  of  elevator  components  will  be  predicted  via  maxs  unique  algorithms.  hard  facts  on  required  repairs  or  replacements  that  are  readily  at  hand  help  you  plan  your  budgets  well  in  advance,  and  are  especially  useful  in  planning  the  replacement  of  expensive  components  such  as  ropes  or  doors.  how  many  trips  has  an  elevator  made?  how  many  door  movements  have  taken  place?counters  that  clearly  record  this  information  help  customers  and  technicians  see  where  and  why  any  overuse  or  wear  and  tear  occurs.  the  technician  activates  this  digital  button,  letting  you  see  in  real  time  that  your  service  request  has  been
__label__assetoperationsoptimization answered  and  your  elevator  is  being  serviced.  the  technician  activates  this  signal  to  inform  you  that  your  elevator  is  available  again.  weve  brought  the  elevator  industry  into  the  digital  age  by  integrating  machine  learning  iot  technology  to  deliver  a  breakthrough  service  solution.  max  is  the  result  of  an  extensive  twoyear  rd  process  conducted  by  our  maintenance  engineers  and  field  specialists  in  partnership  with  microsoft  data  scientists  and  software  programmers.max  analyzes  realtime  data  from  elevators  around  the  world  and  provides  our  maintenance  control  hub  with  a  vast  level  of  detail.  this  allows  us  to  assess  the  health  of  connected  elevators  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization their  components.  the  result  is  a  fundamental  shift  from  reactive  to  proactive  maintenance  and  the  many  benefits  that  go  along  with  it.  in  recent  years,  robots  have  evolved  from  being  stationary  hightech  helpers  in  factories  to  become  mobile  connections  between  people,  places,  and  things.  that  connection  is  going  to  become  stronger  now  that  a  key  obstacle  to  mobile  robotic  service  has  been  solved.  robots  can  now  use  the  elevator.  elevator  lifecycle  principles:  maintain,  modernize  extend  the  service  life  since  2017,  maxenabled  elevators  have  been  proving  the  value  of  iot  connectivity  and  turning  predictive  maintenance  into  a  reality.  many  countries  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization already  benefiting  from  max  and  others  will  follow  shortly.  and  the  next  big  surprise  is  already  here:  iotconnectivity  for  escalators.  max  is  the  worlds  first  predictive  elevator  maintenance  service  that  offers  higher  availability  and  transparency  using  hololens,  24,000  elevator  service  technicians  can  now  visualize  and  identify  problems  ahead  of  a  job,  and  have  remote,  handsfree  access  to  technical  and  expert  information  when  onsite,  improving  the  way  people  and  cities  move.  microsoft  hololens  is  a  mixedreality  solution  that  helps  thyssenkrupp  elevators  service  engineers  do  their  jobs  more  safely  and  efficiently.  they  can  virtually  examine  a  service  request  in  advance,  and  access
__label__assetoperationsoptimization onsite  guidance.  in  initial  trials,  the  average  lengths  of  service  calls  were  reduced  by  4x.  anyone  who  has  ever  waited  for  an  elevator  in  a  lobby  knows  the  feeling:  after  around  20  seconds  you  start  looking  at  your  watch,  shifting  from  one  foot  to  the  other  and  staring  at  the  stairs.  why  is  it  taking  so  long,  and  cant  the  waiting  time  be  shortened?  max  brings  elevators  into  the  internet  of  things  with  highwaylike  traffic  control.  your  morning  commute  might  just  get  faster.  think  back  to  the  last  time  you  were  in  a  lobby  jam.  you  know,  that  pileup  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization people  all  waiting  for  an  elevator.  someone  has  already  hit  the  up  button.  but  as  the  seconds  pass,  they  seem  like  minutes,  then  hours.  another  person  steps  forward  and  jams  their  thumb  into  the  alreadylit  button  ten  more  times.  as  if  that  actually  does  anything.  we  all  know  what  its  like  when  you  try  to  be  early,  but  still  end  up  late.  usually,  modern  industrial  advances  makes  our  lives  easier  and  helps  us  get  from  a  to  b  quickly  and  easily.  but  no  machine  is  perfect.  breakdowns  happen,  and  we  just  have  to  accept  that  they  are  inevitable.  do  we?
__label__assetoperationsoptimization find  out  more  about  maxs  features  and  how  they  can  benefit  you.  how  can  max  improve  city  efficiency  and  save  time  in  a  rapidly  urbanizing  world?  find  out  more  from  thyssenkrupp  and  microsoft.  we  provide  private,  commercial  and  government  customers  alike  with  comprehensive  support  services.  thyssenkrupp
__label__assetoperationsoptimization follow  us  twitter  linkedin  facebook  the  increasing  amounts  of  structured  and  unstructured  data,  the  inclusion  of  innovative  technologies,  and  higher  customer  expectations  have  created  the  demands  of  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  internet  of  things  iot  in  the  business  sectors.  the  technologies  are  bringing  waves  of  opportunities  for  the  marketers  at  businesses  by  harnessing  the  power  of  data.  the  combination  of  these  two  offers  better  engagement  and  satisfaction  from  customers.  following  are  some  of  the  ways  this  combination  is  uplifting  businesses  in  a  better  way:  the  intelligent  technologies  have  the  ability  to  process  and  act  on  the  information  in  a  meaningful
__label__assetoperationsoptimization way.  aidriven  big  data  is  used  to  analyze  collected  data  and  understand  current  trends,  patterns  and  make  the  prediction.  big  data  analytics  helps  businesses  to  get  to  know  the  target  audience  and  bring  a  cuttingedge  campaign  to  market  with  more  speed  by  finding  correlations  in  data  sets  faster.  also,  chatbots  provide  financial  guidance  for  the  businesses  clients  through  voice  and  text  messages.  now  customers  do  not  need  to  hire  customer  service  personnel  as  chatbots  are  able  to  guide  them  in  daytoday  handling.  amalgamation  of  iot  and  ai  deliver  better  assessing,  understanding,  and  predicting  risks  in  the  businesses.  also,  to  automate
__label__assetoperationsoptimization responses  that  help  to  manage  worker  safety  and  decrease  the  growing  burden  of  cyber  threats.  ai  and  iot  can  help  businesses  to  run  more  efficiently  as  they  are  able  to  generate  precise  predictions  quickly.  also,  they  deliver  insights,  which  help  to  automate  timeconsuming  operational  processes  and  adding  more  productivity  to  the  business.  the  technologies  facilitate  inventory  management  and  mitigate  pressure  on  the  stock  by  let  the  concerned  business  person  know  the  time  to  need  to  fill  up.  this  saves  retailers  from  buying  the  products  they  wouldnt  sell.  the  aids  benefit  manufacturers  also  with  the  creation  of  sensors  that  improve  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization collection  and  analytics  for  stock  and  machine  maintenance.  the  advancement  of  augmented  and  virtual  reality  or  robots  is  evolving  the  future  of  the  business.  these  solutions  are  harnessing  the  power  of  iot  to  manage  wage  bills,  stocks,  and  improve  customer  experiences.  businesses  should  take  the  leverage  of  ai  and  iot  and  their  technology  solutions  to  offer  excellent  customer  satisfaction  and  appear  as  a  discreet  one  in  the  competition.  read  also  bypete  v.  sattler,  vpit  cio,  international  flavors  ...  bybenjamin  beberness,  cio,  snohomish  county  pud  bygary  watkins,  cio  of  it  shared  services,  kar  auction...  bytonya  jackson,  vp  global  supply  chain,  lexmark
__label__assetoperationsoptimization bychad  lindbloom,  cio,  c.h.  robinson  byryan  fay,  cio,  aci  specialty  benefits  bykris  holla,  vp  cso,  nortek,  inc.  byshawn  wiora,  cio  ciso,  creative  solutions  in  healthcare  bymichael  alcock,  directorcio  executive  programs  ...  byjeff  bauserman,  vpinformation  systems  technology,...  bywes  wright,  cto,  sutter  health  bypeter  ambs,  cio,  city  of  albuquerque  bymark  ziemianski,  vp  of  business  analytics,  childrens...  byjonathan  alboum,  cio,  the  united  states  department  of...  byryan  billings,  ms,  mba,  executive  director,  digital...  bychristina  clark,  managing  principal,  cresa  byevan  abrams,  associate,  steptoe  johnson  llp  byholly  baumgart,  vice  presidentinformation  technology,...  bymelissa  douros,  director  of  digital  product  management,...  byandrew  palmer,  svp  chief  information  officer,  u.s....  however,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization elevator  maintenance  is  vital  for  reliability.  building  owners  are  upgrading  their  technology  for  more  reliable  elevator  performance.  few  machines  are  relied  upon  as  frequently  as  elevators  and  escalators.  as  the  very  vessels  that  connect  stories  upon  stories  of  buildings  and  floors,  if  an  elevator  is  suddenly  out  of  commission,  that  business  or  residential  building  has  some  serious  problems.  thats  why  elevator  maintenance  requirements  are  strict  per  state,  with  at  least  one  mandatory  inspection  per  year.  however,  as  frequently  used  tools,  these  machines  take  a  beating,  which  is  why  and  can  seriously  add  up  over  time.  well,  the  biggest  elevator  manufacturers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  the  world  are  all  moving  towards  a  technological  shift  that  is  going  to  save  time,  money,  frustration,  and  improve  elevator  reliability.  by  using  advanced  technology,  these  companies  argue  they  can  reduce  the  time  and  resources  it  takes  to  fix  a  problem  after  it  happens,  and  then  eventually  predict  and  prevent  the  next  failure.  the  result?  a  better,  safer,  more  reliable  and  more  affordable  riding  experience  for  residential  and  commercial  clients  alike.  how  are  they  all  doing  it?  through  this  new  smart  network  of  iot:  the  .  lets  look  at  four  breakthrough  elevator  maintenance  improvements  and  how  iot  is  being
__label__assetoperationsoptimization leveraged  to  improve  cost  and  reliability  in  a  new  way  today.  named  after  machine  in  finnish,  kone  is  a  leading  elevator  maintenance  and  repair  company  throughout  the  world,  working  with  lifts,  escalators,  and  automated  doors.  employing  52,000  employees,  kone  is  committed  to  improving  urban  life  for  all  lift  and  elevator  riders  in  major  metropolitan  centers.  as  a  result,  they  are  continually  looking  into  innovations  and  leveraging  technology  in  a  smart  way  for  their  service  provisions.  thats  why  they  are  turning  their  attention  to  none  other  than  iot:  the  internet  of  things.  known  as  a  system  in  which  smart  machines  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization all  connected  through  the  internet,  able  to  communicate  with  one  another  and  provide  feedback,  kone  believes  that  iot  is  an  obvious  future  development  for  the  world  of  elevators.  thats  why  they  sought  out  the  one  and  only  ,  by  ibm,  for  a  new  kind  of  partnership.  that  will  take  their  operation  and  technology  capabilities  and  integrated  watson  iot  to  bring  intelligent  services  to  elevators  and  escalators.  essentially,  perfect  elevator  maintenance  can  be  maintained  through  iot  by  connecting  all  elevators  to  the  cloud,  analyzing  messages,  and  curating  an  ideal  system.  able  to  connect  to  building  systems,  a  ,  which  means  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization constant  elevator  maintenance  is  being  monitored  and  supplied  for  a  better,  safer  riding  experience.  like  kone,  thyssenkrupp  is  a  top  4  elevator  maintenance  and  manufacturing  firm  throughout  the  world,  continually  working  to  revolutionize  the  elevator  experience  for  patrons.  also  aware  that  technology  holds  the  keys  to  the  future  of  elevator  maintenance,  this  company  is  leveraging  iot,  but  with  a  different  partner.  they  are  turning  their  attention  to  none  other  than  microsoft.  using  the  microsoft  azure  iot  suite,  thyssenkrupps  iot  maintenance  solution,  ,  enables  the  company  to  capture  elevator  data  like  motor  temperatures,  shaft  alignment,  cab  speed,  and  more,  essentially  opening
__label__assetoperationsoptimization up  a  world  of  realtime  analytics.  with  proactive  elevator  maintenance  in  place,  this  partnership  has  dramatically  reduced  the  costs  associated  with  elevator  maintenance  that  9timesoutof10  could  have  been  prevented  with  the  right  intel.  with  ,  thyssenkrupp  technicians  can  provide  realtime  audible  and  visual  support  to  onsite  technicians  by  drawing  in  their  field  of  view  to  assist  with  repairs.  as  a  result,  the  is  reducing  the  average  length  of  service  calls  by  up  to  four  times  for  clients.  located  in  lucerne,  switzerland,  schindler  elevator  is  another  major  elevator  maintenance  company  in  the  world  looking  to  embed  iot  into  their  maintenance  services.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  iots  technical  capabilities  enabling  devices  to  work  together  in  cohesion  without  human  interaction  or  direction,  this  kind  of  elevator  maintenance  can  predict  problems  before  they  unfold.  thats  why  by  releasing  their  digital  network  supported  by  :  schindler  ahead.  by  creating  a  platform  that  connects  all  schindler  manufactured  elevators  and  escalators  with  the  ges  predix,  can  detect  problems  in  advance  through  sensor  data,  as  well  as  analysis  of  big  data  that  is  accumulated  through  the  iot  network.  additionally,  elevator  operations  can  monitor  the  current  status  of  the  elevators,  reducing  the  downtime  required  to  bring  in  fixes  once  an  elevator  breaks.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  a  result,  their  elevators  now  have  a  greater  lifespan,  which  means  time  and  money  savings  for  all  clients.  through  centuries  of  experience  building,  maintaining,  and  distributing  elevators,  .  currently  maintaining  over  2  million  elevators  today,  they  are  looking  to  rev  up  the  operation.  hoping  to  create  a  better  customer  service  experience  for  trusted  patrons,  they  have  built  their  own  iot  network,  ,  that  will  be  able  to  monitor  everything  from  elevator  sensors  to  inmovement  elevators.  by  moving  people  more  efficiently,  otis  elevator  is  improving  elevator  maintenance.  with  otisone,  sensors  are  placed  in  the  elevator,  along  with  an  edge  gateway
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  connects  to  microsoft  and  the  .  that  data  is  then  aggregated  in  a  dashboard  for  otis  engineers  and  managers  to  sift  through,  alerting  them  of  future  repairs  or  problems  before  they  happen.  accompanying  their  series  of  mobile  apps  that  have  been  released  over  the  last  few  years,  like  tune,  engineers  will  be  able  to  sync  their  service  schedules  with  realtime  information  synthesized  through  otisone.  although  technology  can  be  controversial  in  the  world  of  social  media  and  communication,  one  thing  is  for  sure:  its  creating  more  efficient,  safer,  and  more  reliable  elevator  situations  for  people  around  the  world.  using  iot,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization passengers  can  rest  easy  knowing  their  safety  is  being  monitored  in  realtime,  with  a  data  exchange  that  is  happening  through  an  invisible  network.  its  a  beautiful  change  in  the  world  of  elevator  maintenance;  and  one  that  has  been  desperately  needed  wondering  which  technology  is  best  for  your  building?  wondering  which  technology  is  compatible  with  your  equipment?  vast  database  of  elevator  records  will  answer  these  questions  for  you.  could  you  benefit  from  this  technology?  comment  below  and  let  us  know  how.  find  out  how  elevatorlab  can  help  you  cart
__label__assetoperationsoptimization thyssenkrupp  elevator  wanted  to  gain  a  competitive  edge  by  focusing  on  what  matters  most  to  their  customers:  reliability.  drawing  on  the  potential  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  microsoft  technologies  by  connecting  their  elevators  to  the  cloud,  gathering  data  from  their  sensors  and  systems,  and  transforming  that  data  into  valuable  business  intelligence,  thyssenkrupp  is  vastly  improving  operationsand  offering  something  their  competitors  do  not:  predictive  and  even  preemptive  maintenance.  how  to  use  azure  ultra  disks  with  azure  virtual  machines  how  to  share  sql  tables  and  views  using  azure  data  share  how  to  monetize  your  saas  solutions  on  microsoft  appsource  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization photo  from  kone  elevators  and  escalators  have  been  the  key  enabler  in  the  vertical  development  essential  to  the  urbanization  of  the  worlds  cities  from  the  time  they  were  introduced  in  the  late  1800s.  they  are  in  fact  our  urban  workhorses  and  play  an  essential  role  in  moving  us  through  cities,  said  axel  berkling,  executive  vice  president  for  asiapacific  at  kone,  in  an  exclusive  interview  with  futureiot.  we  are  using  elevators  and  escalators  in  our  daily  commute  to  work,  to  move  between  floors  at  our  workplace  and  shopping  and  in  some  cases,  a  mode  of  transport  to  save  time  of  walking
__label__assetoperationsoptimization from  point  to  point.  indeed,  one  example  of  this  is  the  central  mid  levels  escalator  in  hong  kong,  considered  as  the  worlds  longest  outdoor  escalator,  with  a  length  of  over  800  metres,  to  transport  residents  from  their  homes  in  midlevels  to  their  offices  in  central  financial  district.  the  design  of  elevators  and  escalators  likewise  has  evolved  over  the  years.  elevators  can  now  be  hoisted  with  carbon  fibre  ropes  instead  of  conventional  steel  ropes,  which  are  more  ecofriendly  and  durable  than  its  predecessors;  and,  and  the  can  now  travel  at  fast  speeds  while  consuming  up  to  90  less  electricity  than  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization ones  made  nearly  30  years  ago.  escalators,  on  the  hand,  offer  more  design  choices  with  the  advent  of  arched  and  spiralshaped  varieties.  in  fact,  kone  installed  the  worlds  first  arched  escalators  in  elbphilharmonie  in  hamburg,  germany  providing  users  an  experience  of  travelling  in  an  endless  escalator.  these  escalators  were  specially  designed  for  this  project  and  is  over  80  metres  long  and  21.43  metres  tall.  over  the  last  decade,  advances  in  ai  and  iot  have  changed  elevators  and  escalators  beyond  their  mechanical  function  of  getting  people  travel  up  highrises  with  speed  and  comfort.  they  have  become  more  intelligent,  connecting  to  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cloud  where  the  data  they  collect  are  analysed  and  stored.  for  several  years  now,  kone  has  been  using  ibms  watson  iot  platform  and  predictive  maintenance  insights  as  part  of  its  kone  24/7  connected  services  offering.  this  allows  building  operators  and  maintenance  providers  such  as  kone  to  tailor  the  maintenance  specific  to  each  individual  elevator  and  escalator  where  it  can  detect  potential  problems  even  before  the  maintenance  crew  visits  the  site.  futureiot  talked  at  length  with  berkling  to  discuss  the  key  role  both  technologies  play  in  the  evolution  of  the  industry.  having  excellent  elevators,  escalators  and  their  related  solutions  are  no
__label__assetoperationsoptimization longer  enough  in  the  age  of  smart  buildings.  the  right  technologies  must  be  put  in  place  that  enable  smooth,  safe  and  efficient  people  flow.  smart  elevators  and  escalators  are  intelligent  machines  that  can  generate  data,  identify  problems  and  make  decisions  on  maintenance  issues  and  operational  patterns  in  realtime  based  on  iot  and  artificial  intelligence.  out  24/7  connected  services  leverages  iotbased  monitoring  technology  to  our  elevators  and  escalators  to  predict  maintenance  issues  in  realtime  and  integrate  destination  control  systems  to  our  elevators.  ibm  watson  iot  platform  can  monitor  elevator  performance  based  on  set  parameters  and  data  can  be  sent  to  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cloud  in  realtime.  also,  kone  24/7  connected  services  can  identify  peak  periods  of  elevator  usage  and  furthermore,  application  programming  interfaces  api  can  be  developed  to  create  solutions  within  an  integrated  ecosystem.  kone  has  released  most  of  its  apis  in  public  domain  to  facilitate  integration  and  installation  for  both  its  developers  and  partners.  for  example,  one  of  our  partners  have  developed  an  app  that  enables  residents  to  use  tablets  as  a  virtual  receptionist  when  the  host  is  not  at  home.  using  the  app,  guests  can  call  the  host  and  an  elevator  will  be  sent  remotely  to  pick  up  the  guests.  one
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  keys  uses  of  iot  in  the  elevator  and  escalator  industry  is  in  predictive  maintenance.  maintenance  can  be  disruptive  to  the  movement  of  people  within  buildings,  especially  at  times  of  unexpected  breakdowns.  iot  enables  elevator  and  escalators  to  share  their  performance  data  and  predict  maintenance  issues  quickly  without  the  need  of  a  human  technician  to  visit  the  site  itself.  our  technicians  are  now  able  to  analyse  and  accurately  identify  problems  before  visiting  the  elevator/  escalator  site.  previously,  our  technicians  have  to  make  multiple  trips  to  the  site  to  detect  and  identify  problems  which  was  time  consuming.  with  kone  24/7
__label__assetoperationsoptimization connected  services,  our  technicians  know  what  exactly  the  problem  is  remotely,  and  they  just  need  to  spend  their  time  onsite  to  resolve  the  issue.  artificial  intelligence  is  helping  operators  better  anticipate  problems  and  manage  the  flow  of  traffic  for  elevators  and  escalators  throughout  the  lifecycle  of  their  equipment  based  on  data  collected  from  daily  usage.  in  the  case  of  kone,  it  does  not  only  synthesise  incoming  data  but  also  allows  our  technicians  to  predict  and  suggest  resolutions  to  detect  potential  problems  before  they  manifest.  this  data  is  shared  in  realtime  from  elevators  and  escalators  to  both  our  maintenance  teams  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization our  customers  in  which  both  parties  are  able  to  predict  and  solve  potential  problems  based  on  the  data  transmitted.  as  more  data  is  collected  and  stored  in  the  cloud,  artificial  intelligence  will  be  able  to  make  better  decisions  and  determine  when  should  maintenance  be  carried  out  and  what  action  should  technicians  take  to  resolve  the  problem.  they  also  have  access  to  all  the  information  they  require  before  going  down  onsite  where  they  traditionally  have  to  make  multiple  visits.  first,  to  identify  the  problem  and  then  to  make  the  necessary  repairs.  with  the  use  of  artificial  intelligence  to  identify  has  helped
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  reduce  the  downtime  of  elevators/  escalators  in  the  longterm  as  technicians  can  identify  the  potential  problem  beforehand  and  fix  it  in  a  single  visit.  in  the  medium  term,  we  hope  to  gather  more  data  from  equipment  operations  and  through  artificial  intelligence,  we  can  better  analyse  the  data  to  make  better  business  and  operational  decisions.  with  these  data,  we  aim  to  reduce  the  number  of  breakdowns,  energy  usage  while  ensuring  that  elevators  arrive  on  time  to  bring  them  quicker  to  their  destination.  in  the  age  of  smart  buildings,  elevators  and  escalators  of  the  2020s  and  2030s  will  be  able  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization have  a  mind  of  their  own.  what  we  see  in  science  fiction  movies  is  finally  becoming  a  reality.  elevators  and  escalators  are  able  to  talk  by  sending  messages  through  their  server.  for  example,  our  24/7  connected  services  enables  elevators  and  escalators  to  send  messages  to  the  servers.  this  forms  part  of  the  smart  building  ecosystem  as  smart  buildings  require  smart  machines  for  it  to  properly  function.  using  our  mobile  devices  to  call  for  elevators  and  bring  us  to  our  homes  will  become  commonplace.  we  will  be  able  to  call  an  elevator  with  our  smartphone  or  the  elevator  can  recognise  our
__label__assetoperationsoptimization typical  journey  simply  by  facial  recognition.  furthermore,  leveraging  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning,  residents  travel  patterns  can  be  recognised  by  the  system.  the  next  generation  elevator  will  be  able  to  determine  the  time  they  leave  and  return  to  their  homes,  floor  they  are  on  as  well  as  determining  if  elevator  doors  can  be  kept  open  longer  for  elderly  people.  in  fact,  we  have  already  rolled  out  our  smart  home  solution,  kone  residential  flow,  in  select  markets  and  are  continuously  improvising  to  provide  the  best  possible  user  experience.  a  similar  smart  office  building  solution  has  been  introduced  in  some  markets  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization well.  moving  forward,  we  will  introduce  these  solutions  to  the  market  to  provide  a  smarter  live,  work  and  play  experience.  furthermore,  having  thirdparty  systems  and  applications  integrated  into  elevators  and  escalators  will  become  the  way  of  life  in  the  future.  we  are  already  seeing  that  in  action  in  some  industries  and  this  will  become  more  prevalent  in  the  next  two  decades.  at  hotel  jen  orchard  gateway  in  singapore,  robots  are  being  used  to  deliver  inroom  dining  and  amenities  to  guests  by  using  elevators.  i  foresee  this  become  commonplace  in  the  near  future  where  we  have  to  consider  the  implications  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization smooth,  safe  and  efficient  people/  resource  flow  within  buildings.  the  race  to  harness  the  power  of  internet  of  things  iot  is  here.  futureiot  is  dedicated  to  individuals,  as  well  as  public  and  private  organizations  looking  to  tap  the  potential  of  iot  to  transform  the  way  we  live,  work  and  do  business.  futureiot  is  the  dedicated  media  that  provides  the  single  source  of  truth  about  iot,  the  technology,  its  application  and  regulation,  originating  from  asia.  copyright  2019  cxociety  pte  ltd  designed  by  copyright  2019  cxociety  pte  ltd  designed  by  login  to  your  account  below  or  not  a  member  yet?  fill  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  selection  of  our  most  aweinspiring  projects  otisline  44  800  181363  explore  our  website,  tailored  for  92  countries/territories  and  21  languages.  using  smart,  internet  of  things  iot  technology,  otis  one  brings  you  and  your  passengers  the  next  generation  of  service.  with  24/7  realtime,  connected  service  combined  with  our  foundational  historic  data  your  elevator  experience  will  be  transformed  as  you  receive  new  insights.  transparent,  proactive,  predictive:  this  is  otis  one.  important  questions  deserve  quick  answers,  and  weve  made  instant  access  a  priority.  our  exclusive  customer  portal  is  updated  in  real  time  so  you  can  track  service  delivery,  view  equipment  data  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization communicate  with  your  extended  service  team  on  demand.  turning  data  into  action  our  primary  goal  is  to  minimize  disruption  in  your  day.  with  heartbeat  monitoring,  we  track  the  pulse  of  your  equipment,  so  you  dont  have  to  worry  about  a  shutdown.  with  our  proactive  insights  and  predictive  maintenance,  we  communicate  issues  early  and  provide  a  clear  repair  schedule,  so  you  can  inform  your  tenants  and  keep  everyones  day  right  on  track.  whether  you  have  a  dozen  tenants  or  thousands  traveling  through  your  building,  every  elevator  journey  sends  a  message.  is  your  equipment  healthy?  which  floors  are  busiest?  when  will  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization need  service  and  upgrades?  predictive  data  helps  you  benchmark  elevator  performance,  reduce  unplanned  shutdowns  and  prolong  your  investment  for  the  future.  our  connected  sensors  gather  data  on  hundreds  of  elevator  components,  passenger  traffic  and  more  to  assess  portfolio  health  and  make  intelligent  recommendations  for  greater  uptime.  our  intelligent  products  make  use  of  machine  learning  to  remember  emerging  patterns,  so  devices  can  adjust  in  real  time.  predictive  insights  combined  with  otis  expertise  allow  you  to  plan  ahead  for  specific  investments  through  leveraged  data  like  manufacture,  age,  environment,  usage  and  door  health  scores.  to  watch  three  short  software  demo  videos  that  explain
__label__assetoperationsoptimization how  otis  one  brings  you  transparent  information,  proactive  communications  and  predictive  insights,  please  complete  the  form  below.  well  be  in  touch  soon...  equipment  health,  service  calls  and  account  updates  are  organized  in  easytoread  graphical  dashboards  and  assess  elevator  health  in  less  than  5  minutes.  monthly  email  reports  summarize  key  metrics  about  your  equipment  health.  view  the  realtime  health  status  of  every  unit  in  your  portfolio  on  a  single  map.  access  data  stored  in  the  otis  cloud  from  your  existing  building  management  applications.  realtime  elevator  status  and  proactive  monitoring  ensure  you  stay  up  and  running  or  well  notify  you  first.  service
__label__assetoperationsoptimization requests  are  closed  sooner  with  automatic  alerts  that  tell  mechanics  accurate  fault  information  and  the  parts  needed  before  they  arrive  at  your  building.  30  years  of  remote  monitoring  experience  and  aggregated  data  from  300,000  connected  units  provide  highly  accurate  and  specific  trends  to  predict  unit  performance  recommendations  are  tailored  based  on  similar  elevator  type  and  age  to  help  you  plan  and  budget  for  future  capital  expenses,  increasing  the  lifetime  and  value  of  your  investment.  the  incab  display  connects  passengers  with  otisline  via  video  chat  to  provide  greater  peace  of  mind  in  an  emergency.  like  technology  ecosystems  before  it,  the  otis
__label__assetoperationsoptimization one  platform  is  designed  to  evolve.  powered  by  the  internet  of  things,  machine  learning  and  cloud  connectivity,  future  updates  are  only  a  download  away.  and  as  we  invest  in  more  tools,  services  and  functionality,  you  can  select  from  a  menu  of  addons  that  make  sense  for  your  building  and  needs.  1998  otis  elevator  company.  allrightsreserved.  to  give  you  the  best  possible  browsing  experience,  this  site  may  use  cookies.  by  continuing  to  use  this  site  you  consent  to  this  use.  for  more  information  on  our  cookie  policy  please  visit  our
__label__assetoperationsoptimization written  by:  jon  clark  industry  4.0  is  here,  whether  youre  ready  or  not.  industry  4.0  is  defined  by  modern  automation  and  data  exchange  trends  in  manufacturing  technologies  that  continue  to  fuse  physical,  digital  and  biological  capabilities.  the  term  industry  4.0  is  best  defined  as  a  fusion  of  technologies  that  is  blurring  the  lines  between  the  physical,  digital,  and  biological  spheres,  collectively  referred  to  as  cyberphysical  systems.  thanks  to  everadvancing  digital  technologies  like  the  internet  of  things,  5g  wireless  innovations,  3d  printing,  augmented  reality  and  beyond,  modern  manufacturing  environments  are  changing  at  a  rapid  pace,  and  theres  no  slowdown  on  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization horizon.  new  tools,  techniques,  and  optimized  production  processes  will  continue  empowering  savvy  industrial  organizations  to  drive  both  topline  and  bottomline  growth  through  exciting  new  digital  initiatives.  but  when  considering  what  digital  transformation  strategy  you  should  pursue,  its  not  always  clear  whats  going  to  have  the  biggest  impact  on  your  organization  both  in  the  long  and  shortterm.  for  large  manufacturers,  competing  with  newer,  more  nimble  companies  by  adopting  impactful  new  technology  is  a  daunting  challenge  with  difficult  to  understand  implications.  to  better  prepare  your  organization  for  the  inevitable  changes,  lets  explore  what  makes  smart  manufacturing  smart,  how  the  internet  of  things
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  bringing  about  the  4th  industrial  revolution,  and  what  manufacturers  need  to  know  to  take  advantage  of  it.  to  begin,  make  sure  youre  caught  up  with  the  latest  definitions.  smart  manufacturing  is  broadly  defined  as  leveraging  advanced  technology  to  automate  data  collection  and  processing  to  make  much  more  informed  production  decisions  on  a  daytoday  basis.  while  this  definition  barely  touches  on  the  full  breadth  of  possibilities  brought  on  by  smart  manufacturing,  it  still  demonstrates  from  a  high  level  what  smart  manufacturing  is  all  about.  however,  when  you  examine  many  examples  of  smart  manufacturing  applications  and  benefits,  youll  find  that  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization most  prominent  factor  driving  these  technological  advancements  is  the  internet  of  things  otherwise  known  as  iot.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  a  conceptual  term  that  describes  the  connection  of  physical  objects  to  the  internet.  the  easiest  way  to  think  about  iot  is  as  a  huge  network  of  connected  objects  and  people.  objects  connect  to  other  objects  the  global  number  of  connected  devices  is  now  in  the  billions,  and  people  connect  to  objects.  these  connections  then  allow  the  objects  and  people  to  send  data  back  and  forth  to  each  other.  armed  with  new  information,  people  make  decisions  about  the  connected
__label__assetoperationsoptimization objects,  and  with  a.i.,  the  objects  can  also  automatically  make  decisions  about  other  objects  all  in  realtime.  whether  you  realize  it  or  not,  were  all  likely  contributing  to  the  internet  of  things.  some  of  the  most  familiar  examples  of  how  iot  technology  is  already  integrated  into  everyday  life  include:  but,  the  above  consumer  applications  dont  even  scratch  the  surface  on  how  iot  is  currently  being  leveraged  across  businesses  globally,  let  alone  how  it  will  be  leveraged  next  year,  or  in  10  years.  and,  as  you  will  see,  these  applications  are  well  underway  in  the  industrial  sector.  the  industrial  internet  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization things  iiot  is  the  concept  of  iot  as  applied  mainly  to  manufacturing  and  applications  in  related  industries  like  logistics,  oil  and  gas,  transportation,  energy/utilities,  and  other  industrial  sectors.  iiot  allows  manufacturers  to  leverage  wired  and  wireless  technologies  with  many  impressive  results.  for  example,  by  enabling  the  realtime  flow  of  data  and  providing  manufacturers  with  the  ability  to  remotely  monitor  and  manage  various  processes  in  their  warehouses  and  factories,  iot  greatly  improves  the  efficiency  of  daily  operations.  at  the  same  time,  iot  also  helps  manufacturers  reduce  waste,  automatically  share  production  data  with  stakeholders,  and  change  plans  in  real  time  whenever  necessary.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  far  as  many  industry  leaders  are  concerned,  these  are  the  key  benefits  of  having  advanced  iot  in  manufacturing  facilities  and  thats  not  expected  to  change  any  time  soon.  in  fact,  its  been  estimated  that  industrial  iot  could  well  be  one  of  the  biggest  drivers  of  productivity  and  growth  throughout  the  next  decade,  adding  as  much  as  trillion  to  the  global  economy  by  2030.  according  to  research,  the  smart  manufacturing  market  is  projected  to  be  valued  at  205.42  billion  by  2022,  while  another  prominent  report  projects  the  iiot  market  reaching  .  with  iot  tech  applications  primarily  driving  this  rapid  growth,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization other  factors  include  the  increased  adoption  of  industrial  robots,  heightened  demand  for  smart  automation,  and  a  much  stricter  emphasis  on  regulatory  compliance.  north  america  is  a  key  market  region  for  both  iiot  and  smart  manufacturing  growth  because  its  home  to  some  of  the  worlds  largest  multinational  manufacturing  companies.  these  industryleading  internationals  are  investing  to  uncover  even  more  innovative  iot  possibilities  that  help  move  their  businesses  forward,  which  is  one  of  the  most  crucial  factors  driving  the  growth  of  this  market  throughout  north  america.  iiot  implementation  opportunities  are  seemingly  infinite.  from  production  processes  to  distribution  logistical  data,  to  initiatives  in  hr,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization marketing  and  beyond,  the  limitless  potential  of  a  scalable  iiot  strategy  can  provide  the  confidence  you  and  your  stakeholders  need  to  remain  poised  for,  and  evercapable  of,  competitive  differentiation  in  an  era  defined  by  how  well  traditional  companies  take  advantage  of  the  latest  technological  advancements.  for  manufacturers,  the  immediate  benefits  of  iot  adoption  could  include:  ,  only  30  of  industrial  organizations  said  they  were  either  piloting  or  implementing  iiot  projects  currently,  while  70  indicated  they  were  in  consideration,  early  discussions  or  planning  phases.  in  fact,  early  adopters  of  iiot  technologies  like  the  companies  highlighted  below  are  seeing  big  returns  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization will  continue  to  increase  efficiency  and  promote  cost  savings  for  years  maybe  decades  to  come.  as  a  pioneer  in  iiot,  they  actually  coined  the  phrase  industrial  internet  which  eventually  became  iiot  models  are  each  equipped  with  30  sensors  that  constantly  transmit  data  on  oil  pressure,  manifold  air  temperature  and  other  mechanical/functional  engine  data.  the  data  is  relayed  to  ge  transportations  global  performance  and  optimization  center,  where  it  is  compiled  and  then  analyzed  via  a  single  dashboard  to  plan  out  maintenance  and  repair  initiatives  including  preemptively  securing  needed  parts  and  improve  the  overall  efficiency  of  each  engine  in  service.  ge  currently
__label__assetoperationsoptimization has  over  17,000  smart  trains  operating  across  23  countries  for  which  theyve  reduced  repair  time  windows  from  3  days  to  3  hours,  since  implementing  the  new  smart  trains.  they  have  also  reduced  emissions  by  70  per  train.  hershey  recognized  some  potential  savings  opportunities  within  their  candy  production  processes,  specifically  with  one  of  their  classic  brands  twizzlers.  in  an  attempt  to  reduce  the  amount  of  product  and  materials  waste,  and  ultimately  quantify  the  factors  and  conditions  that  make  their  twizzlers  either  too  long,  too  short,  or  just  right.  coupled  with  machine  learning  and  data  analytics,  hershey  was  able  to  make  sense
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  60  million  data  points  collected  via  automation  to  reduce  the  variety  in  candy  size  to  ensure  each  piece  is  no  longer  than  necessary,  generating  huge  savings.  by  cutting  down  on  excess  candy  produced,  hershey  has  been  able  to  save  about  500,000  per  14,000gallon  holding  tank  for  every  1  change  in  actual  twizzler  size.  with  multiple  holding  tanks,  the  expected  savings  should  exceed  1  million  annually  for  this  initiative  alone.  hershey  is  currently  implementing  similar  initiatives  to  their  vast  line  of  chocolatebased  products,  and  since  chocolate  ingredients  are  much  more  expensive  than  the  basic  flour  and  sugar  combination  in  twizzlers,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization hershey  expects  an  even  greater  production  impact  and  bigger  savings  down  the  road.  thyssenkrupp  is  a  germanowned  multinational  conglomerate  with  deep  roots  in  industrial  engineering  and  steel  production  one  of  the  worlds  largest.  also  a  prominent  manufacturer  of  elevators,  around  the  world.  each  sensor  transmits  specific  data  about  each  elevator  in  service,  including  motor  temperature,  shaft  alignment,  cab  speed,  door  functionality,  error  codes,  and  more.  the  entire  system  is  connected  to  the  cloud  where  unique  algorithms  analyze  the  incoming  data  for  patterns  and  compute  the  components  remaining  lifetime  and  the  overall  operational  efficiency  of  each  piece  of  equipment.  the  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  then  viewable  via  a  single  dashboard  that  not  only  compiles  it  into  a  single  location  but  also  automatically  visualizes  the  data  for  quick  interpretation.  the  entire  system  informs  a  network  of  24,000  service  engineers  about  specifics  related  to  maintenance  of  the  elevators.  technicians  are  then  able  to  be  more  proactive  with  their  maintenance  and  repair  scheduling,  including  intervening  before  elevators  breakdown,  and  scheduling  service  when  there  will  be  minimal  disruption  and  when  downtimes  wont  impact  the  building  workers.  technicians  can  also  determine  where  and  how  elevators  are  failing  based  on  usage  specifics.  with  this  system  in  place,  thyssenkrupp  has
__label__assetoperationsoptimization been  able  to  greatly  streamline  their  service  to  elevators,  freeing  up  over  95  million  hours  in  total  labor  time  for  engineers  while  also  substantially  eliminating  elevator  downtime  during  heavy  usage  hours.  the  initiative  has  been  so  successful  that  thyssenkrupp  has  recently  introduced  a  similar  system  for  their  escalators.  its  not  just  megacorporations  who  are  implementing  iot  technologies.  from  immediate  returns  to  laying  the  foundation  for  future  aienabled  advantages,  iiot  gives  industrial  organizations  the  competitive  advantage  needed  to  remain  at  the  front  of  the  pack.  fortunately,  there  are  countless  opportunities  to  leverage  the  proliferation  of  smart  technologies  to  your  advantage  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization you  might  not  have  even  realized  yet.  still,  due  to  the  complexities  and  largescale  changes  needed  to  both  understand  and  then  implement  an  effective  digital  transformation,  many  organizations  struggle  with  finding  a  solution  to  effectively  manage  all  of  the  data  they  are  generating,  or  hope  to  in  the  future.  there  is  no  easy  button  here,  but  there  are  certain  steps  ranging  from  simple  to  complex  to  position  your  company  to  better  leverage  iiot  technologies  in  the  near  future.  becoming  a  smart  manufactureris  heavily  predicated  on  your  companys  ability  to  adopt  scalable  digital  technologies,  many  of  which  are  deeply  rooted  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  foundations.  in  many  cases,  there  are  certainly  some  large  technological  systems  and  infrastructure  updates  that  will  need  to  be  made  in  advance  of  being  able  to  optimize  the  efficiency  of  your  assets  and  the  people  that  interact  with  them.  youll,  of  course,  need  to  first  ensure  that  you  have  strong  internet  connectivity  throughout  your  manufacturing  facility  and  that  the  network  is  capable  of  handling  the  increased  workload  and  data  transfers  you  expect  in  the  future.  but  just  because  an  object  is  connected  to  the  internet,  doesnt  mean  its  going  to  immediately  start  sending  you  concisely  worded  emails  about  itself,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization complete  with  data  tables  that  highlight  gaps  in  your  product  efficiency.  this  type  of  automated  data  gathering  is  within  reach  if  your  systems  are  set  up  to  operate  appropriately.  laying  the  technological  groundwork  for  streamlining  your  manufacturing  production  environment  is  all  about  first  determining  what  data  you  want  to  capture  for  analysis,  and  then  installing  the  necessary  hardware  to  begin  collecting  that  data.  wifienabled  smart  sensors  make  the  collection  possible,  whether  its  an  offtheshelf  product  or  a  custom  built  tool  to  meet  your  unique  needs.  when  planning  out  the  sensor  installation,  make  sure  to  get  input  from  your  end  users,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization be  they  engineers,  technicians  or  shop  floor  managers.  they  will  help  determine  what  you  will  need  each  sensor  to  do/provide,  which  often  varies  for  each  set  of  users  if  there  are  multiple.  some  questions  your  implementation  team  should  be  asking  are:  determining  the  right  hardware  to  install  is  no  easy  process,  so  make  sure  you  run  through  all  of  the  potential  possibilities  and  needs  with  all  of  the  people  using  the  systems.  prioritization  of  initiatives  is  key  with  any  digital  transformation  because,  while  the  possibilities  are  endless,  your  source  of  funding  is  finite.  leveraging  cloud  computing  is  the  ideal  way
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  incorporate  scalable  digital  technologies  that  help  manufacturers  store,  disseminate,  and  analyze  data  that  comes  from  your  things.  you  could  consider  it  a  critical  first  step  in  your  digital  transformation.  you  cant  use  the  data  until  you  have  somewhere  to  house  it,  and  later  access  it.  the  days  of  having  all  your  organizational  data  stored  and  computed  onpremises  is  quickly  becoming  a  thing  of  the  past.  businesses  are  able  to  avoid  many  of  the  complexities  that  come  with  iot  adoption  because  cloud  computing  and  storage  environments  are  already  set  up  for  these  kinds  of  advanced  computation  and  connectivity.  advancements  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cloud  capabilities  are  growing  much  faster  than  most  internal  it  teams  could  ever  dream  of  keeping  pace  with.  cloud  computing  and  cloud  storage  have  become  a  more  costeffective  and  reliable  solution,  encouraging  more  and  more  manufacturers  to  data  protection,  backup  and  recovery,  realtime  analytics  and  computing,  ease  of  maintenance,  etc.  the  benefits  of  cloud  computing  are  plentiful.  with  an  expanding  market,  increasing  competition,  and  companies  unbundling  previously  packaged  services,  the  overall  cost  of  cloud  storage  continues  to  drop,  becoming  equal  to  or  more  costeffective  than  internal  system  storage.  according  to  research  conducted  by  morgan  stanley,  the  top  5  challenges  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization concern  todays  automation  executives  include:  1.  cybersecurity  2.  lack  of  standardization  3.  legacyinstalled  base  4.  significant  upfront  investments  5.  lack  of  skilled  workers  a  solid  cloud  strategy  makes  most  if  not  all  of  these  challenges  much  easier  to  tackle,  as  specialized  technology  and  tools  are  available  across  a  variety  of  cloud  storage  vendors.  the  last  thing  anyone  wants  is  another  platform  to  log  into,  let  alone  one  for  each  data  sensor.  but  before  you  start  logging  in  and  reaping  the  benefits  of  automation,  the  data  needs  to  be  compiled  and  combined  into  a  single  data  repository.  this  is  where  savvy
__label__assetoperationsoptimization software  engineers  technical  leads  become  a  key  part  of  your  digital  transformation:  they  help  compile  your  various  and  vastly  differing  datasets  for  computation,  all  accessible  via  an  easytouse  platform  for  it  and  nonit  personnel  alike.  from  a  maintenance  perspective,  unique  algorithms  can  be  designed  to  help  autoidentify  any  issues  and  predict  when  issues  might  occur.  as  specific  issues  or  preemptive  warnings  arise,  the  system  can  then  send  notifications  to  your  team  in  whatever  format  is  preferred  and  allow  them  to  either  take  action  from  there  sending  commands  back  to  the  machine  to  adjust  or  simply  schedule  physical  maintenance  tasks  at
__label__assetoperationsoptimization specific  times,  depending  on  the  severity  of  the  issue  and  systems.  once  the  data  is  collected,  compiled  and  consolidated,  it  then  needs  to  be  prepped  for  the  human  eye  to  be  able  to  make  sense  of  it.  this  is  when  data  visualization  experts  and  ux  designers  alike  help  to  craft  userfriendly  dashboards  that  represent  data  in  a  way  that  allows  your  everyday  users  to:  connecting  elements  of  your  manufacturing  production  to  the  internet  certainly  brings  about  new  security  challenges  for  your  it  team.  in  fact,  in  a  recent  survey,  within  an  unsecured  or  loosely  secured  system,  a  malicious  hacker  or
__label__assetoperationsoptimization negligent  user  could  wreak  havoc  on  your  production  facility  or  processes  with  potentially  devastating  consequences.  your  automation  and  smart  manufacturing  strategy  should  always  include  layers  of  security  intertwined  throughout.  on  this  front,  you  wont  go  wrong  borrowing  from  the  playbook  of  the  ncsc.  they  follow  the  classic  idiom,  hope  for  the  best,  but  prepare  for  the  worst.  to  effectively  prepare  for  the  worst  when  designing  a  system  or  network:  these  steps  should  be  reinforced  by  setting  standards  of  security  for  any  vendor  you  work  with,  creating  defense  in  depth.  some  factors  to  consider  when  creating  your  own  standards  are:  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization last  nugget  of  wisdom  provided  by  ian  levy,  technical  director  of  the  ncsc,  is  put  too  eloquently  to  summarize:  luckily,  cloud  storage  providers  recognize  these  as  nonnegotiables  and  can  help  with  much  of  the  heavy  lifting  needed  to  secure  the  data.  but,  every  manufacturer  should  do  their  due  diligence  to  ensure  access  is  restricted  to  these  critical  systems,  from  hardware  to  software  and  everything  in  between.  theres  no  denying  that  you  will  have  a  lot  of  new  potential  points  of  failure  to  roll  up  under  your  blanket  of  security.  if  the  data  is  flowing  in  and  is  easily  accessible  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization understood  by  your  human  stakeholders,  then  data  analysis  processes  should  be  relatively  simple,  as  well.  analyzing  the  data  starts  with  determining  what  analysis  automation  aspects  you  want  the  machines  to  carryout  versus  where  human  analysis  and  intervention  is  crucial.  for  humans,  how  the  data  is  conveyed  plays  a  key  role  in  their  ability  to  analyze  and  take  the  necessary  next  steps  to  remedy  anything,  keep  things  running  smoothly,  and  unlock  efficiencies.  for  automation  systems  and  robots,  theyre  always  going  to  be  following  the  human  lead.  they  are  only  going  to  take  the  actions  they  are  programmed  to  do  based  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  data.  intelligent  programmers  are  therefore  essential  in  setting  up  any  automated  aspects  where  machines  make  decisions  to  change  something  in  your  facility  or  organization.  in  spite  of  the  nonstop  advancements  being  made  with  industrial  iot  applications,  its  still  human  beings  who  are  ultimately  tasked  with  coming  up  with  the  right  strategies  and  putting  these  technologies  to  use.  that  means  youll  need  to  stay  on  top  of  emerging  trends  and  opportunities  in  the  field  if  you  want  your  strategies  to  remain  relevant,  while  also  utilizing  your  iiot  solutions  to  their  full  potential.  of  course,  it  helps  to  have  an  industryleading
__label__assetoperationsoptimization digital  agency  and  software  development  company  on  your  side  to  help  steer  you  down  the  right  path,  keep  you  up  to  date  with  the  latest  digital  transformation  trends,  and  utilize  your  resources  in  the  most  efficient  way  possible.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization home  clients  case  events  event  solutions  solution  blog  blog  post  campaign  workshop  jobs  job  contact  about  query  revolutionize  your  backend  systems  by  harnessing  the  powers  of  integration.  with  our  unrivaled  expertise,  codit  is  the  ideal  partner  for  your  digital  transformation.  brussels  airlines  be  on  the  cuttingedge  of  tech  solutions  with  iot.  explore  options  with  codit  and  well  guide  you  from  idealization  to  realization  of  your  iot  projects.  bhler  get  that  extra  edge  over  competitors  by  being  the  first  with  innovative  product  offerings  and  new  ways  to  leverage  your  internal  tech  systems.  schneider  electric  futureproof  your  business  by  channeling  the  power
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  cloud.  whether  youre  looking  for  a  100  cloud  or  a  hybrid  solution,  codit  has  you  covered.  swiss  re  codit  managed  services  keep  your  systems  uptodate  and  running,  while  you  focus  on  what  you  do  best  growing  your  business.  soudal  harness  the  powers  of  apis  and  leverage  your  data  by  connecting  your  systems  with  mobile  apps.  codit  can  help  you  take  your  business  to  next  level  with  apis.  nxtport  stories  solutions  blog  events  jobs  about  contact  revolutionize  your  backend  systems  by  harnessing  the  powers  of  integration.  with  our  unrivaled  expertise,  codit  is  the  ideal  partner  for  your  digital  transformation.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization brussels  airlines  be  on  the  cuttingedge  of  tech  solutions  with  iot.  explore  options  with  codit  and  well  guide  you  from  idealization  to  realization  of  your  iot  projects.  bhler  get  that  extra  edge  over  competitors  by  being  the  first  with  innovative  product  offerings  and  new  ways  to  leverage  your  internal  tech  systems.  schneider  electric  futureproof  your  business  by  channeling  the  power  of  the  cloud.  whether  youre  looking  for  a  100  cloud  or  a  hybrid  solution,  codit  has  you  covered.  swiss  re  codit  managed  services  keep  your  systems  uptodate  and  running,  while  you  focus  on  what  you  do  best  growing  your  business.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization soudal  harness  the  powers  of  apis  and  leverage  your  data  by  connecting  your  systems  with  mobile  apps.  codit  can  help  you  take  your  business  to  next  level  with  apis.  nxtport  show  me  the  content  for  in  codit  uses  different  types  of  cookies  functional,  analytical  and  targeting  cookies  to  improve  your  browsing  experience.  to  accept  these  cookies,  click  on  confirm  language  cookies.  want  to  change  your  preferences?  click  on  settings  to  adjust  them.  we  use  the  following  cookies  these  are  necessary  for  the  sites  functionality.  cant  be  disabled  these  cookies  help  us  improve  our  sites  performance  and  understand  how  you  interact
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  it  by  collecting  anonymous  information  about  your  visit.  always  active  codit  and  third  parties  use  these  to  track  your  interests  and  display  relevant  ads  across  websites.  the  list  of  our  partners  can  be  found  within  our  privacy  policy.  iot  offers  endless  possibilities  in  manufacturing  and  other  industries,  not  only  to  improve  supplychain  efficiency,  but  also  as  a  means  to  remotely  control  the  health  conditions  of  your  machine  infrastructure  and  predict  maintenance  service.  iot  or  the  internet  of  things  isnt  just  one  of  the  new  overhyped  buzzwords,  it  is  a  necessity  to  ready  your  business  for  the  digital  transformation.  innovative
__label__assetoperationsoptimization companies  are  already  widely  applying  and  monetizing  this  new  technology.  iot  offers  endless  possibilities  in  manufacturing  and  other  industries,  not  only  to  improve  supplychain  efficiency,  but  also  as  a  means  to  remotely  control  the  health  conditions  of  your  machine  infrastructure  and  predict  maintenance  service.  the  benefits  are  clear:  it  helps  your  company  reduce  downtime,  become  more  efficient  and  cut  back  on  maintenance  costs.  imagine  how  easy  and  timesaving  it  would  be  if  you  no  longer  have  to  send  a  technician  to  physically  check  the  condition  of  your  machine  infrastructure,  but  instead  were  able  to  monitor  it  remotely  in  realtime.  french
__label__assetoperationsoptimization multinational  understands  this  perfectly.  the  company,  specialized  in  energy  management  and  automation  solutions,  wanted  to  develop  a  product  that  could  easily  collect  operational  and  environmental  data  from  their  customers  remote  agricultural  infrastructures  in  realtime.  the  main  challenge  however,  was  creating  a  reliable  longrange  communication  network  that  sends  and  receives  data,  collected  via  sensors,  over  vast  distances.  the  traditional  radiobased  transmission  protocols  wouldnt  do  the  job,  as  their  range  of  communications  are  limited  to  about  100  meters.  this  limited  range  meant  that  data  transparency  was  low.  operators  couldnt  access  realtime  data,  which  could  have  severe  consequences.  codit  developed  the  ideal  solution
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  schneiders  challenges.  we  connected  the  sensors  from  the  remote  infrastructure  to  an  lpwan  network,  a  powerful  longrange  data  transmission  system.  the  network  antennas  broaden  the  receiving  range  from  100  meters  to  no  less  than  50  kilometers.  but  the  transmission  of  realtime  data  was  only  one  part  of  the  problem.  in  order  to  actively  monitor  and  analyze  the  data,  it  needed  to  be  collected  in  a  centralized  platform.  codit  thus  developed  a  new  cloudbased  platform,  using  microsoft  azure,  to  capture  the  data  the  sensors  transmitted.  simplicity  and  user  experience  were  key  in  developing  the  platform.  with  a  few  clicks  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  mouse  button,  the  platform  can  be  implemented.  thanks  to  codits  iot  and  cloudbased  solution,  schneider  electric  now  empowers  customers  by  connecting  remote  infrastructure  to  the  cloud.  their  customers  can  now  proactively  monitor  their  remote  infrastructure  in  realtime.  the  iot  solution  was  rolled  out  across  a  wide  range  of  schneiders  customers,  from  agricultural  companies  over  road  transport,  public  transport,  to  companies  in  charge  of  water  production  and  distribution.  these  companies  are  now  able  to  monitor  critical  data  in  real  time  and  take  immediate  action  when  issues  arise.  for  example,  the  cloud  connected  sensors  are  used  to  prevent  remote  wastewater  systems
__label__assetoperationsoptimization releasing  wastewater  and  harmful  chemicals  into  rivers  or  lakes.  if  a  valve  accidentally  opens,  the  sensors  send  this  data  through  the  cloud  to  operators  monitoring  the  infrastructure.  the  operators  receive  a  realtime  alert  via  a  mobile  device  and  can  immediately  respond  to  the  problem.  schneider  electric  isnt  the  only  example  of  how  iot  can  be  monetized.  many  companies  are  expanding  their  product  range  by  offering  iotpowered  services  as  well.  sandvik  coromant  for  instance,  uses  microsoft  azure  iot  technology  to  analyze  data  from  its  cutting  tools,  in  order  to  help  customers  optimizing  the  manufacturing  process.  from  remote  maintenance,  it  is  only
__label__assetoperationsoptimization one  small  step  towards  predictive  maintenance.  thanks  to  a  combination  of  iot  and  some  machine  learning,  technicians  are  not  only  able  to  remotely  check  the  condition  of  inservice  equipment,  the  equipment  selfestimates  when  maintenance  should  be  performed.  this  approach  promises  cost  savings  over  routine  or  timebased  preventive  maintenance,  because  tasks  are  performed  only  when  necessary.  elevator  manufacturer  offers  a  good  example  of  how  predictive  maintenance  can  be  used  to  realize  unseen  comprehensive  efficiencies  and  how  that  impacts  everyones  life,  even  when  the  effects  are  not  immediately  visible  to  the  everyday  person.  in  new  york  alone,  office  workers  annually  spend  around
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 16.6  years  waiting  for  elevators,  according  to  a  study  of  columbia  university.  worldwide,  more  than  12  million  elevators  make  seven  billion  trips  and  move  over  one  billion  people  every  day.  moreover,  elevators  take  up  4  of  the  worlds  energy  use.  therefore,  it  is  a  necessity  that  elevators  run  as  efficiently,  and  with  the  least  amount  of  downtime,  as  possible.  to  address  the  issue  of  cutting  elevator  downtimes  due  to  maintenance,  thyssenkrupp  developed  a  new  technology  combining  and  machine  learning.  the  smart  system,  called  max,  works  in  three  stages.  first,  machine  data,  such  as  door  movements,  trips,  powerups,  error  codes  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization so  on,  is  collected  from  elevators  worldwide.  this  data  is  subsequently  sent  to  the  cloud  where  algorithms  analyze  it  for  patterns  and  compute  the  equipments  operation  and  the  remaining  lifetime  of  its  components.  these  precise  and  predictive  diagnostics  are  then  delivered  in  real  time  to  a  technician,  flagging  the  need  to  replace  components.  this  enables  them  to  be  more  proactive,  as  it  allows  them  to  schedule  maintenance  tasks  before  the  elevator  breaks  down,  limiting  downtime  to  the  minimum.  according  to  thyssenkrupp,  the  new  predictive  technology  will  cut  the  downtime  of  elevators  by  half.  remote  and  predictive  maintenance  are  just  two
__label__assetoperationsoptimization examples  of  how  iot  is  a  game  changer  in  manufacturing  efficiency.  codits  expertise  in  iot,  combined  with  microsoft  azures  highperforming  cloud  solution,  can  also  help  your  business  gain  the  necessary  competitive  edge  and  make  your  business  grow  to  peak  levels.  want  to  learn  more  about  how  to  get  started  with  iot?  subscribe  to  our  rss  feed  hes  our  cto  press  enter  press  enter  press  enter  stay  in  touch  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  keep  up  to  date  with  industry  trends,  events  and  the  latest  customer  stories  great  youre  on  the  list  country  language  privacy  policy  terms  conditions
__label__assetoperationsoptimization menu  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  nowadays,  in  large  buildings,  the  conventional  elevators  have  higher  waiting  time,  higher  traveling  time,  more  power  consumption.  so  there  is  a  need  to  develop  an  algorithm  which  reduces  the  above  problems.  i  have  done  this  project  as  in  intern  at  smartron.  i  have  developed  an  algorithm  which  reduces  the  waiting  and  travelling  time  in  elevators.  i  have  used  the  concept  of  internet  of  things  in  this  project  along  with  the  usage  of  arduino  microcontroller.  the  keypad  of  the  elevator  is  outside  the  lift  in  the  lobby  of  the  building.  all  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization elevators  on  a  particular  floor  of  the  building  have  a  common  keypad  at  the  entrance  of  lobby.  when  a  person  presses  his  desired  floor  on  the  keypad,  the  system  assigns  a  lift  to  him  which  is  on  that  floor  or  nearer  to  the  floor.  when  a  user  presses  his  desired  floor  on  the  keypad,  the  system  goes  through  the  following  steps:  1  it  checks  if  any  lift  is  on  that  floor,  if  yes,  it  assigns  the  lift.  2  if  no,  it  checks  whether  the  user  wants  to  go  to  an  upper  floor  or  lower  floor  from  his  current  floor.  3
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  then  assigns  the  lift  which  is  going  up  and  nearer  to  that  floor.  the  main  constraint  in  this  algorithm  is  that  a  lift  can  have  a  maximum  on  4  stops.  so  when  it  checks  a  lift,  it  checks  whether  the  lift  has  reached  its  maximum  stops  or  no.  each  lift  is  connected  to  an  arduino  in  the  masterslave  configuration.  each  lift  is  a  slave  to  a  master  arduino  which  is  responsible  to  assign  the  lift  to  the  user.  each  lift  maintains  a  queuedata  structure.  the  number  of  elements  in  the  queue  is  the  maximum  number  of  stops  a  lift
__label__assetoperationsoptimization can  have.  the  first  element  in  the  queue  is  its  current  floor.  the  subsequent  elements  are  its  destinations  in  order.  the  master  checks  each  queue  and  gets  where  all  the  lifts  are  from  the  first  element  of  their  queues.  the  lift  goes  upwards  when  the  difference  between  the  current  element  and  next  element  is  positive  and  viceversa.  i  have  used  arduino  ide  for  programming  and  handson  arduino  kit  to  test.  this  project  is  a  poc  to  the  smart  elevator  and  it  can  be  used  for  the  further  study  on  smart  elevators  using  artificial  intelligence  makes  it  really  smart.  master:  sincerely,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization building  automation  and  controls  bac  are  a  combination  of  hardware  and  software  that  control  a  buildings  power  systems;  lighting  and  illumination;  electric  power  and  control;  security,  observation  and  magnetic  card  access;  heating,  ventilation  and  airconditioning  systems  hvac;  outdoor  controls;  lift,  elevator  and  escalator  controls;  entertainment  and  bms  building  management  systems.  bac  systems  provide  efficient  control  of  internal  comfort  conditions,  individual  room  control,  increased  staff  productivity,  effective  use  of  energy,  improved  building  reliability  and  life,  quick  and  effective  responses  to  hvac  problems,  and  save  time  and  money.  the  systems  also  provide  information  on  problems  in  the  building,  allow  for  computerized  maintenance
__label__assetoperationsoptimization scheduling,  are  easy  and  effective  for  employees  to  use,  and  easily  detect  problems.  building  management  systems  are  most  commonly  implemented  in  large  projects  with  extensive  mechanical,  hvac,  electrical,  and  plumbing  systems.  systems  linked  to  a  bms  typically  represent  40  of  a  buildings  energy  usage;  if  lighting  is  included,  this  number  approaches  to  70.  bms  systems  are  a  critical  component  of  managing  energy  demand.  improperly  configured  bms  systems  are  believed  to  account  for  20  of  building  energy  usage,  or  approximately  8  of  total  energy  usage  in  the  united  states.  in  addition  to  controlling  the  buildings  internal  environment,  bms  systems  are  sometimes
__label__assetoperationsoptimization linked  to  access  control  turnstiles  and  access  doors  controlling  who  is  allowed  access  and  egress  to  the  building  or  other  security  systems  such  as  closedcircuit  television  cctv  and  motion  detectors.  fire  alarm  systems  and  elevators  are  also  sometimes  linked  to  a  bms,  for  monitoring.  in  case  a  fire  is  detected  then  only  the  fire  alarm  panel  could  shut  off  dampers  in  the  ventilation  system  to  stop  smoke  spreading  and  send  all  the  elevators  to  the  ground  floor  and  park  them  to  prevent  people  from  using  them.  the  building  automation  system  bas  market  was  valued  at  usd  53.66  billion  in  2016
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  is  expected  to  reach  usd  99.11  billion  by  2022,  at  a  cagr  of  10.73  between  2017  and  2022  source:  the  overall  smart  lighting  market  was  valued  at  usd  6.32  billion  in  2017  and  is  estimated  to  reach  usd  20.98  billion  by  2023,  at  a  cagr  of  21.50  during  the  forecast  period.  source:  maintain  control  of  thebuildingsenvironment  operate  systems  according  tooccupancyandenergydemand  monitor  and  correct  theperformanceof  systems  soundalerts  as  required  mechanical  systems,  plumbing,  electrical  systems,  heating,ventilationand  airconditioning  hvac,  lighting  control,  securityand  surveillance,  alarms  and  lifts.  sensors  that  are  low  power  or  energy  harvesting,  miniature,  secure  and  versatile  lead  to  lower  capital
__label__assetoperationsoptimization expenses,  decreased  maintenance  costs  and  easier  deployments.data  from  the  sensors  are  translated  and  transmitted  through  routers,  gateways,  nodes,  and  edge  computers  through  a  myriad  of  proprietary  and  open  protocols.  the  gateways  translate  and  bridge  protocols  and  enable  on  premise  control  of  the  building  through  central  workstations  and  mobile  devices.  gatewaysalso  connect  the  building  to  the  cloud  through  cellular  or  ethernet  connectivity.  the  cloud  enables  remote  access,  higher  level  analytics  and  communication  with  the  grid  and  microgrid.  sensors:measurevalues  such  astemperature,humidity,lightinglevels,roomoccupancy,  and  so  on.  controllers:  instigate  the  systems  response  from  the  collecteddata,  using  algorithms  that  apply  logic  and  send  commands.  output  devices:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization carry  out  commands  from  the  controller.  communications  protocol:  the  language  used  by  the  bacscomponents.  dashboard:  the  userinterfacesfordatareporting  and  interaction  with  the  bacs  system.  since  organization  structures  vary,  finding  the  optimal  system  and  sensors  to  install  is  a  great  challenge.  it  is  a  casebycase  situation.  another  challenge  is  overcoming  the  potential  security  issues  that  may  arise  and  high  initial  investments.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization next:  otis  the  is  the  world  leader  in  elevator  installation  and  service,  yet  it  only  has  a  market  share  of  10.  as  can  be  seen  the  industry  is  very  competitive  and  so  a  significant  basis  of  competition  is  its  cost.  and  a  significant  chunk  of  this  cost  is  in  its  service  contracts.  given  that  65  of  otiss  profits  are  from  maintenance,  otis  is  at  the  forefront  of  using  data  to  reduce  its  costs  associated  with  maintenance.  a  quick  calculation  shows  the  importance  of  this.  otis  has  2  million  service  contract  elevators  transporting  2  billion  people  daily  with  only  30,000  service
__label__assetoperationsoptimization technicians  worldwide.  this  amounts  to  60  million  hours  servicing  elevators  yearly.  the  median  pay  for  2015  was  39  per  hour  for  elevator  service  technicians.  assuming  a  conservative  25  for  worldwide  average  pay,  leads  to  a  net  spend  of  1.5  billion.  for  a  company  with  revenues  of  12  billion  and  operating  profits  of  2.5  billion  this  is  a  significant  cost.  traditionally  a  service  contract  is  for  5  years,  and  are  designed  according  to  the  type,  age  and  expected  pattern  of  us  for  each  elevator.  these  contracts  include  not  only  scheduled  monthly  servicing  but  also  unscheduled  calls  because  of  elevator  breakdowns.  thus,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization unscheduled  cost  have  both  the  direct  impact  of  increasing  servicing  costs  but  also  disrupting  the  scheduling  of  technicians,  ultimately  requiring  an  additional  capacity  of  technicians  to  be  on  hold.  otis  has  tied  up  with  microsoft  and  att  to  use  data  to  battle  these  costs.  so  far  it  has  installed  remote  elevator  monitoring  rem  in  300,000  of  its  2  million  elevators.  it  has  installed  several  sensors  on  these  elevators,  which  collect  hundreds  of  various  data  points.  these  data  points  include  how  far  has  the  elevator  travelled  over  its  lifetime  or  what  is  its  braking  deceleration  while  rem  is  used  in  reducing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization response  time  of  technicians,  its  most  powerful  ability  is  predicting  failure.  in  using  data  points  for  elevators  across  the  world,  otis  is  able  to  look  at  historic  failure  rates  of  different  elevator  parts  and  the  preceding  conditions.  it  then  has  the  ability  to  perform  a  cost  benefit  analysis  of  sending  in  a  technician  against  the  statistical  confidence  of  its  predictive  model.  and  this  predictive  model  only  gets  stronger  with  time  as  more  data  points  are  fed  into  the  model.  ultimately  elevator  downtime  is  reduced  creating  value  for  the  customer  and  otis  costs  are  reduced  allowing  it  to  capture  some  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  value.  otis  should  leverage  this  data  in  other  avenues.  in  its  current  model  the  data  is  predictive  but  does  not  give  much  insight  into  root  causes.  by  hypothesis  testing,  otis  should  figure  out  the  causal  relationship  and  use  this  understand  in  its  design  and  manufacturing  of  next  generation  elevators.  otis  can  also  broaden  its  market.  while  other  elevator  companies  are  following  similar  strategies,  otis  should  target  elevators  of  other  manufacturers.  otis  can  use  its  data  from  its  initial  300,000  rem  elevators  as  a  head  start  to  offer  cheaper  service  contracts.  otis  should  also  explore  uberifying  the  technician  market.  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization would  reduce  otis  fixed  cost  and  also  allow  service  technicians  to  work  on  their  own  schedule.  by  using  predictive  analytics,  otis  should  aim  to  perfectly  match  service  technician  demand  with  supply.  ultimately  otis  has  many  ways  in  which  it  can  leverage  this  data  beyond  its  first  use  case  described  above.  previous:  next:  thanks  for  a  great  post.  i  like  your  idea  of  uberifying  this  technology.  in  order  to  do  so,  i  think  that  otis  would  need  to  spin  this  out  as  a  separate  entity  that  can  leverage  a  disruptive  innovation  model.  very  interesting  post.  i  am  not  sure  how  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization came  across  this  company,  which  has  such  a  niche  and  mundane  value  proposition  that  is  at  the  same  time  has  huge  opportunities  for  value  capture.  getting  stuck  in  an  elevator  is  among  the  worst  nightmares  of  any  claustrophobic.  we  take  for  granted  that  elevators  just  work,  and  it  is  easy  to  overlook  the  hard  work  that  goes  into  making  sure  that  they  do.  i  love  this  idea  because  it  is  seemingly  simple,  it  is  not  a  sexy  market  with  tons  of  competitions,  and  the  market  seems  massive.  i  cant  even  begin  to  guess  how  many  elevators  there  are  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization united  states  alone.  i  lived  in  a  building  in  new  york  that  would  trap  someone  in  the  elevator  often  for  multiple  hours  about  once  a  month,  so  im  all  for  predictive  maintenance  here.  predictive  maintenance  is  huge  in  industrial  machinery,  so  it  makes  perfect  sense  to  apply  that  to  elevators.  ubering  the  technician  market  may  have  unexpected  consequences,  however.  this  would  likely  reduce  the  total  number  of  technicians  due  to  more  efficiency,  but  that  may  cause  a  shortage  in  coverage  should  there  be  multiple  breakdowns  at  once  predictive  maintenance  isnt  perfect  after  all.  i  listened  to  this  project  from  head
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  watson  iot.  it  is  incredibly  mind  opening  to  see  that  how  much  value  you  can  create  even  inside  a  small  elevator.  the  firms  plans  to  go  beyond  maintenance  and  convert  the  elevator  business  to  saas  business  by  providing  software  to  acquire  and  analyze  the  elevator  patterns  of  consumers.  by  doing  so,  elevator  would  be  transformed  to  targeted  marketing  channels.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization businesses  are  ramping  up  their  effort  to  optimize  the  business  outcome  with  cloud  computing,  big  data  analytics,  mobility  and  internet  of  things.  in  many  industries,  technology  is  radically  changing  the  way  businesses  work.  at  fpt,  were  providing  solutions  and  services  to  help  you  do  that.  its  been  eyeopening  for  us  to  see  the  breadth  of  skills  that  fpt  has  and  commitment  that  they  have,  the  commitment  that  people  have  to  the  customers,  so  weve  been  very  favorably  pleased  by  what  weve  seen.  chief  strategy  officer,  group  president.  att  technology  and  operations.  businesses  are  ramping  up  their  effort  to  optimize  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization business  outcome  with  cloud  computing,  big  data  analytics,  mobility  and  internet  of  things.  in  many  industries,  technology  is  radically  changing  the  way  businesses  work.  at  fpt,  were  providing  solutions  and  services  to  help  you  do  that.  whether  experiences  and  knowhow  in  wfm,  mdm  or  in  the  field  of  gis  fpt  has  proven  to  be  a  reliable  and  inventive  partner,  also  in  terms  of  cost  efficiency.  the  client  the  client  is  a  usbased  leading  elevator  control  company.  since  its  establishment  in  1983,  the  company  has  always  been  the  top  in  the  global  industry  with  over  160,000  controllers  sold  so  far.  their
__label__assetoperationsoptimization customers  include  the  consultants  who  specify,  contractors  who  install  and  maintain,  facilities  staff  who  service  and  the  building  owners  who  own  the  equipment.  business  needs  the  client  wanted  to  transform  their  business  model  to  stay  ahead  in  the  highly  competitive  oem  manufacturing  industry.  they  were  looking  for  a  solution  that  connected  thousands  of  elevators  deployed  throughout  north  america  and  provided  the  ability  to  collect,  monitor  and  analyze  operation  data  from  sensors  to  predict  breakdowns  before  they  happened.  solutions  fpt  software  provided  the  client  with  a  complete  solution:  defining  the  network  topology,  iot  protocols  to  be  used,  selecting  cloud  platform  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization designing  the  architecture.  we  developed  algorithms  for  fault  detection  and  predictive  maintenance  system.  comprehensive  iot  architecture  observing  operation  in  real  time  monitoring  technical  data  in  real  time  and  comparing  with  past  and  reference  data  prediction  of  time  to  failure  prediction  of  time  to  failure  the  system  is  able  to:  benefits  with  the  new  iot  architecture  running  on  azure  platform  in  operation,  a  new  line  of  service  business  has  been  available  for  the  client  to  improve  profitability  and  differentiate  itself  from  competitors.  the  new  system  is  proven  to  predict  up  to  85  of  failures  before  they  happen,  therefore  dramatically  reduce  downtime
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  maintenance  cost.  the  analytic  platform  that  fpt  set  up  for  the  customer  has  served  to  bring  about  major  engineering  and  operation  improvements.  email  us  are  you  interested  in  working  with  us?  please  leave  your  information  and  we  will  reach  out  to  you  to  carry  on  the  discussion.  if  lte  ie  8br  /script  charsetutf8  typetext/javascript  src//js.hsforms.net/forms/v2legacy.js/scriptbr  /endif  chat  with  us  contact  digital  transformation:  lessons  from  gurus  digital  transformation:  lessons  from  gurus  fpt  to  host  global  dx  summit,  first  of  its  kind  in  vietnam  sbi  holdings  invests  3  million  in  fpts  blockchain  startup  experts  from  palantir,  googles  deepmind  to  share  insights
__label__assetoperationsoptimization at  global  dx  summit  2019  fpt  chairman  on  digital  transformation:  get  on  board  or  get  left  behind  fpt,  yamaha  motor,  and  ecopark  join  forces  to  develop  selfdriving  vehicles  fpt  joins  aws  summit  singapore  2019  as  premier  partner  fpt  heats  up  southeast  asias  race  for  selfdriving  cars  fpt  opens  new  office  inside  airbuss  campus  in  france  biggest  challenges  facing  the  japanese  automotive  industry  in  2019  fpt  launches  new  office  in  melbourne,  australia  accelerating  digital  transformation  with  ai:  the  future  is  now  microsoft  fpt  affirmed  the  sustainable  partnership  through  leadership  series  2019  event  board  announcement:  appointment  of  new  fpt  corporation  ceo  fpt
__label__assetoperationsoptimization recognized  on  the  best  of  global  outsourcing  100list  by  iaop  fpt  shows  dx  capability  through  digital  innovation  2019  tokyo  medical  ai  conference  2019:  the  future  of  healthcare  industry  fpt  software  established  digital  processing  service  dps  as  a  subsidiary  to  help  customers  accelerate  the  digital  transformation  journey  fpt  showcased  our  top  automotive  expertise  in  japan  automotive  world  2019  ntt  docomo  shares  the  good  design  award  2018  with  fpt  fpt  softwaresuccessfully  implements  the  first  smart  factory  project  for  carlsberg  get  to  know:  akabot  a  comprehensive  rpa  solution  for  your  business  allianz  partners  with  fpt  group  to  enter  vietnams  general  insurance  market  vietnam
__label__assetoperationsoptimization prime  minister  shared  thoughts  with  global  it  corporations  in  world  economic  forum  2019  fpt  embraces  cooperation  opportunities  in  world  economic  forum  2019  new  office  opened  in  detroit  a  great  start  of  2019  for  fpt  america  happy  new  year  2019:  a  message  from  us  fpt  softwares  digital  transformation  service  placed  in  top  10  key  industrial  products  of  hanoi  2018  category:  news  may  09,  2019  digital  transformation:  lessons  from  gurus  digital  transformation  is  hard.  as  reported  by  forbes,  more  than  80  percent  of  digital  transformations  fail,  with  no  exception  to  big  names  like  ge,  procter  gamble,  and  nike.  so  last  month,  we
__label__assetoperationsoptimization gathered  the  strategic  minds  in  digital  transformation,  thinkers  and  creators  included,  to  the  and  discussed  how  we  should  go  about  this  process.  these  are  things  we  learned  from  gurus  at  this  exclusive  event.  kaizen  is  a  japanese  business  philosophy  that  originates  from  two  japanese  words:  kai  improvement  and  zen  good.  later  it  became  known  as  continuous  improvement,  which  means  making  incremental  changes  that  yield  major  improvements  over  time.  according  to  fpt  chairman  truong  gia  binh,  digital  transformation  should  be  viewed  as  digital  kaizen,  where  businesses  constantly  optimize  their  operations  and  eliminate  inefficiency  through  innovative  solutions.  in  that  light,  digital  transformation
__label__assetoperationsoptimization isnt  necessarily  a  big  bang,  but  rather,  a  series  of  quick  wins  that  build  towardslongtermsuccess.  while  digital  involvesthe  use  of  technologies  to  reinvent  how  businesses  operate  and  deliver  value  to  customers,  transformation  is  about  people.  as  fpts  dx  advisor  chief  phuong  tram  noted,  digital  transformation  has  to  begin  with  people  engagement  and  creating  an  environment  where  they  are  willing  to  change.  if  you  want  to  change,  you  have  to  engage  people  in  parallel,  you  have  to  motivate  people  and  begin  with  their  heart  in  mind,  he  said.  the  former  cio  of  dupont  constantly  stressed  the  importance  of  people  engagement  throughout
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  summit.  if  people  are  not  with  you,  no  mission,  no  strategy,  no  technology  in  the  world  can  change.  nikhil  dwarakanath,  grabs  head  of  analytics  insisted  that  the  key  to  navigate  digital  transformation  is  through  datadriven  insights.  in  a  thirtyminute  keynote  speech,  nikhil  shared  how  the  ridehailing  startup  leveraged  the  power  of  data  to  develop  the  southeast  asias  superapp.  for  instance,  by  analyzing  millions  of  rows  of  gps  location  data,  grab  could  track  multiple  metrics  in  realtime,  including  the  customers  travel  patterns,  their  preferences,  their  likes  and  dislikes,  helping  the  company  constantly  refine  its  products  and  enhance  customer  experience.  datadriven
__label__assetoperationsoptimization digital  transformation,  he  added,  is  an  extremely  complex  and  timeconsuming  process,  but  customers  must  always  be  put  at  the  core.  agility  by  its  very  nature,  digital  transformation  is  constantly  evolving  and  inevitably  the  game  of  trials  and  errors.  you  can  spend  a  year  or  sometimes  more  to  put  your  house  in  order,  put  your  data  together  and  feel  good  about  it.  and  then  two  months  later  everythings  changed  and  it  doesnt  work  anymore,  barret  brown,  head  of  apac  at  palantir  technologies  spoke  the  hard  truth.  to  conclude  his  presentation  about  data  democratization,  the  dx  practitioner  stressed  the  importance  of  agility,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  is  being  able  to  build  a  dynamic  system  and  particularly  the  ontology  layer  has  to  be  the  ontology  itself.  it  has  to  be  flexible,  you  can  model  it  one  way  and  then  learn  something  new  about  the  world  and  say  oh  i  actually  need  to  change  that,  ok  no  problem,  thats  good.  while  each  guru  had  an  unique  view  to  digital  transformation,  one  thing  they  all  agreed  on  was  that  digital  transformation  should  be  an  incremental  innovation  rather  than  a  huge,  cumbersome  project  that  create  radically  changes  to  the  organization  overnight.  it  should  be  datadriven,  flexible,  and  above  all,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization centered  around  people,  customers  and  employees  included.  interested  in  our  digital  transformation  consultancy  services?  click  to  learn  more.  category:  news  mar  27,  2019  fpt  to  host  global  dx  summit,  first  of  its  kind  in  vietnam  preparations  are  in  full  swing  as  the  global  digital  transformation  summit  is  scheduled  to  take  place  in  ha  long  late  april.  hosted  by  fpt,  the  event  for  the  first  time  will  gather  cios  and  executives  around  the  world  to  discuss  how  to  reinvent  themselves  through  digital  technologies.  the  spans  three  days  from  25  to  28  april  this  year,  featuring  guru  talks,  extensive  networking  sessions,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization interactive  workshops  on  a  variety  of  topics  from  digital  transformation  challenges  to  organizational  readiness.  the  event  will  be  a  great  opportunity  for  innovationled  businesses  to  get  insights  from  industry  pioneers  while  engaging  in  meaningful  conversations  that  may  help  them  spark  innovative  ideas.  featured  speakers  include  dr.  phuong  tram,  duponts  former  chief  information  officer  and  currently  fpts  chief  advisor  on  digital  transformation,  google  deepminds  research  scientist  bui  hai  hung,  and  palantir  technologiess  executive  vice  president  mr.  josh  harris.  the  global  dx  summit  is  an  inviteonly  event,  targeting  digital  transformation  strategists  in  billiondollar  organizations  from  the  us,  eu,  japan  and  asiapacific.  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  pioneer  in  digital  transformation,  fpt  delivers  worldclass  services  in  smart  factory,  digital  platforms,  rpa,  ai,  iot,  enterprise  mobility,  cloud,  ar/vr,  embedded  systems,  managed  services,  testing,  platform  modernization,  business  applications,  application  services,  bpo,  and  more.since  2019,  under  dr.  phuong  trams  advisory,  the  company  has  actively  advised  its  clients  to  build  digital  transformation  roadmaps  and  get  them  ready  for  the  journey.  category:  news  apr  18,  2019  sbi  holdings  invests  3  million  in  fpts  blockchain  startup  representatives  of  fpt  and  sbi  signed  the  threemillion  dollar  deal  in  tokyo  on  17  april,  2019  tokyo/hanoi,  april  18th,  2019  tokyobased  sbi  holdings  inc.  sbi  yesterday
__label__assetoperationsoptimization signed  a  memorandum  of  understanding  mou  withfpt  corporation  fpt  to  invest  3  million  dollars  in  utop,  a  fpt  blockchain  startup  that  bridges  loyalty  point  programs  among  merchants.  utop  makes  it  easy  and  convenient  for  users  to  garner  and  redeem  loyalty  points  at  retailers  within  the  same  network,  thereby  enabling  small  businesses  to  grow  faster.  utop  was  developed  based  on  fpts  enterprise  blockchain  platform  akachain  ,  which  has  been  implemented  in  many  countries  and  across  various  sectors  from  finance,  insurance,  retail,  to  supply  chain.  through  partnership  with  utop,  small  businesses  could  link  their  reward  programs  with  each  other  to  reduce  costs
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  keep  data  secure  thanks  to  the  multilayered  architecture  of  akachain  platform.  utop  also  ensures  high  liquidity  for  end  users  by  allowing  them  to  redeem  points  at  any  merchants  within  the  network.  it  helps  improve  discount  and  reward  programs  and,  at  the  same  time,  enhances  customer  experiences.  mr.  yoshitaka  kitao,  sbis  president  and  chief  executive  officer  said  sbi  and  fpt  have  cooperated  effectively  in  many  past  years  by  leveraging  the  strengths  of  both  sides.  a  majority  of  sbis  companies  in  vietnam  are  either  invested  or  jointly  operated  by  fpt  through  its  subsidiaries  such  as  fpt  securities,  sendo,  or  tp  bank.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization based  on  fpts  enterprise  blockchain  platform  akachain  ,  its  technology  capabilities,  as  well  as  strong  network  of  customers,  i  am  completely  positive  that  this  is  the  best  time  to  launch  utop.  i  hope  it  has  lots  of  potential  to  grow.  fpt  chairman,  dr.  truong  gia  binh,  noted:  the  development  of  industry  4.0  technologies  has  created  breakthrough  opportunities  for  businesses,  mushrooming  so  many  innovative  business  models.  we  call  it  digital  transformation.  fpt  has  defined  digital  transformation  as  our  key  strategy,  accompanying  our  customers  worldwide  in  their  digital  transformation  journey,  helping  improve  their  business  processes  and  leverage  their  position.  utop  will  play
__label__assetoperationsoptimization its  part  in  growing  thousands  of  vietnamese  businesses,  bringing  convenience  and  interesting  shopping  experiences  for  millions  of  vietnamese  consumers,  thereby  contributing  to  the  development  of  vietnams  digital  economy.  according  to  mr.  pham  nguyen  vu,  cofounder  and  director  of  utop,  this  platform  has  been  running  a  pilot  with  fpts  minimum  viable  ecosystem  as  well  as  various  sectors  such  as  retail,  insurance,  and  finance  since  last  december.  the  funding  from  fpt  and  sbi  would  be  a  great  kick  start  to  help  utop  solidify  its  foundation  and  take  bolder  steps  in  the  future.  the  deal  helps  transform  customer  loyalty  programs  through  fpts  blockchain
__label__assetoperationsoptimization platform  fpt  is  the  global  leading  technology  and  it  services  provider  headquartered  in  vietnam  with  nearly  us2  billion  in  revenue  and  33,000  employees.  as  a  pioneer  in  digital  transformation,  fpt  delivers  worldclass  services  in  smart  factory,  digital  platforms,  rpa,  ai,  iot,  enterprise  mobility,  cloud,  ar/vr,  embedded  systems,  managed  services,  testing,  platform  modernization,  business  applications,  application  services,  bpo,  and  more.  fpt  has  served  over  600  customers  worldwide,  a  hundred  of  which  are  fortune  global  500  companies  in  the  industries  of  aerospace  aviation,  automotive,  banking  and  finance,  logistics  transportation,  utilities  and  more.  for  more  information,  please  visit  the  sbi  group  isjapansleading  financial
__label__assetoperationsoptimization services  company  which  was  established  in  1999  as  a  pioneer  of  internetbased  financial  services,  and  currently  has  formed  the  worlds  first  internetbased  financial  conglomerate,  providing  financial  services  in  a  broad  range  of  fields  including  securities,  banking  and  insurance.  the  sbi  group  also  globally  manages  a  number  of  private  equity  and  venture  capital  funds.  as  a  pioneer  in  the  fintech  industry  and  after  years  of  actively  investing  in  startup  companies  in  the  sectors  such  as  it,  mobile,  biolife  science  and  fintech,  the  sbi  group  has  now  become  a  global  leader  in  making  active  investments  in  the  area  of  fintech,  artificial  intelligence
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  blockchain.  with  an  aim  to  expand  the  groups  footprint  insoutheast  asia,  sbi  group  has  invested  in  and  added  value  to  a  number  of  technology  and  financial  services  companies  in  the  region  as  well.  for  media  inquiries,  please  contact:  hue  le  ms.  846686  7745  category:  news  apr  16,  2019  experts  from  palantir,  googles  deepmind  to  share  insights  at  global  dx  summit  2019  international  speakers  from  global  tech  firms  including  palantir  technologies,  googles  deepmind  have  confirmed  their  speeches  at  the  upcoming  global  dx  summit  ha  long.  mr.  john  harris,  executive  vice  president  at  palantir  technologies,  will  be  guiding  the  audience  through
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  journey  of  digital  transformation  at  leading  corporations.  google  deepminds  research  scientist,  dr.  bui  hai  hung,  will  be  joined  by  prof.  ho  tu  bao,  professor  emeritus  at  japan  advanced  institute  of  science  and  technology  jaist,  to  shed  light  on  the  role  of  artificial  intelligence  as  a  driver  of  digital  transformation  across  industries.  dr.  hungs  technical  expertise  and  interests  include  probabilistic  graphical  models,  deep  generative  models,  bayesian  inference  and  machine  learning,  while  prof.  bao  has  had  more  than  four  decades  doing  research  and  teaching  in  the  fields  of  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  and  data  mining  as  well  as  data  science.  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization occasion  is  graced  with  the  presence  of  dr.  phuong  tram,  former  global  chief  information  officer  cio  at  dupont  and  currently  fpts  chief  advisor  on  digital  transformation.  he  will  be  kicking  off  the  guru  talk  series,  sharing  the  best  digital  transformation  practices  and  duponts  success  story  after  decades  on  the  front  line.  dr.  tram  led  dupont  to  be  the  avantgarde  and  the  first  company  to  adopt  window  365  in  the  world  replacing  lotus  notes,  hundreds  of  lotus  applications,  collaborations  environment  and  repository.  his  seamless  digitization  strategy  helped  dupontsave  half  of  billion  dollars  worth  of  it  costs  and  transform  the  legacy  systems
__label__assetoperationsoptimization from  6,000  applications  to  1,100  within  three  years.  the  spans  three  days  from  25  to  27  april,  featuring  guru  talks,  extensive  networking  sessions,  and  interactive  workshops  on  a  variety  of  topics  from  digital  transformation  challenges  to  organizational  readiness.  the  event  will  be  a  great  opportunity  for  innovationled  businesses  to  get  insights  from  industry  pioneers  while  engaging  in  meaningful  conversations  that  may  help  them  spark  innovative  ideas.  following  the  guru  talks,  attendants  will  be  invited  to  join  group  discussions  that  emphasize  on  how  digital  technologies  could  transform  businesses,  e.g.  through  customer  experiences,  operational  excellence,  and  reshaping  business  models.discussions  will  be  moderated
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  digital  experts  from  capitaland,  siemens  ppal,  as  well  as  dr.  phuong  tram  from  fpt.  the  global  dx  summit  is  an  inviteonly  event,  targeting  digital  transformation  strategists  at  billiondollar  organizations  from  the  us,  eu,  japan  and  asiapacific.  hosted  by  fpt  for  the  first  time,  the  event  will  gather  cios  and  executives  around  the  world  to  discuss  how  to  reinvent  themselves  through  digital  technologies.  after  two  decades  of  leading  southeast  asia  in  it  services,  fpt  has  decided  to  shift  its  focus  onto  ,  starting  from  2019.  the  company  sets  to  be  named  in  the  worlds  top  50  digital  transformation  service  provider
__label__assetoperationsoptimization within  10  years.  category:  news  apr  10,  2019  fpt  chairman  on  digital  transformation:  get  on  board  or  get  left  behind  digital  transformation  has  moved  from  strategy  to  execution  for  major  businesses  around  the  world.to  stay  in  the  game,  according  to  fpt  chairman  truong  gia  binh,  its  no  longer  a  choice  for  businesses,  you  either  get  on  board  or  get  left  behind.  according  to  a  recent  by  international  data  corporation  idc,  worldwide  spendingon  the  technologies  and  services  that  enable  the  digital  transformation  dx  of  business  practices,  products,  and  organizations  is  estimated  to  reach  nearly  2  trillion  by  2022.  in  2018  alone,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dx  spending  was  estimated  at  1.3  trillion,  growing  four  times  faster  than  spending  on  it  services,  the  idcs  report  reads.  in  such  a  potential  market,  the  opportunities  are  huge  for  firstmovers,  dr.  binh  said  at  the  fpt  2019  shareholders  meeting  last  march.  after  two  decades  of  leading  southeast  asia  in  it  services,  fpt  has  decided  to  shift  its  focus  onto  ,  starting  from  2019.  the  company  sets  to  be  named  in  the  worlds  top  50  digital  transformation  service  provider  within  10  years.  it  seems  that  the  global  it  firm  have  acquired  all  the  materials  needed  to  realize  its  ambition.  we
__label__assetoperationsoptimization have  customer  insights,  topnotch  experts  in  digital  transformation  and  particularly  the  advisory  of  dr.  phuong  tram  who  has  led  and  implemented  duponts  digital  transformation  activities  a  classic  success  dx  story  of  the  world,  fpt  chairman  told  the  investors.  we  are  ready  and  confident  to  conquer  the  digital  transformation  challenges,  he  affirmed  proudly.  fpts  capabilities  to  advise  and  implement  digital  transformation  strategies  have  been  proven  through  its  collaboration  with  corporate  clients  around  the  world,  many  of  which  are  top  fortune  global  500  companies  such  as  airbus,  rwe,  etc.  in  the  period  of  20192021,  fpt  aims  to  position  itself  as  provider  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  highend  services  such  as  digital  transformation  consulting  and  strategizing.  the  company  also  pledges  to  transform  itself  to  a  realworld  dx  success  story  that  could  be  showcased  to  potential  clients.  category:  news  apr  11,  2019  fpt,  yamaha  motor,  and  ecopark  join  forces  to  develop  selfdriving  vehicles  hanoi,  11  april  2019  vietnams  leading  information  technology  company  fpt,  japanese  motorcycle  maker  yamaha  motor  yamaha  and  urban  developer  ecopark  have  entered  into  a  memorandum  of  understanding  on  thursday  to  develop  selfdriving  electric  vehicles  through  fpts  autonomous  technologies.  according  to  the  mou,  fpt  will  develop  autonomous  driving  software  on  a  yamaha  electric  vehicle  based
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  a  golf  car,  powered  by  artificial  intelligence  and  light  detection  and  ranging  lidar  technologies.  yamaha  will  provide  technical  support  and  vehicle  consulting  during  the  road  tests  while  ecopark  provides  logistics  and  efficient  infrastructures.  the  collaboration  seeks  to  accelerate  the  adoption  of  autonomous  vehicles  technologies  and  realize  the  vision  of  smart  public  transportation  in  vietnam.  the  trio  has  set  to  improve  the  autonomous  vehicles  capabilities  over  time.  on  its  first  demo  april,  the  vehicle  will  hit  the  road  with  original  features  such  as  traveling  on  a  predetermined  route;  identifying  lanes,  returning  to  the  starting  point  to  complete  a  journey;  stopping,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization parking,  dropping  off  passengers  as  requested;  or  detecting  and  avoiding  obstacles  on  the  way.  by  the  end  of  2019,  having  been  integrated  with  fpts  autonomous  technologies,  the  vehicle  should  be  able  to  detect  objects  and  vehicles  on  the  road,  slow  down  at  sight  of  obstacles  ahead,  or  handle  the  autoparking  function  without  passengers  on  board.  at  this  stage,  the  users  could  also  book  autonomous  vehicles  via  mobile  apps.  this  partnership  reflects  our  commitment  to  make  a  positive  impact  on  the  community  through  innovation,  said  fpt  softwares  chairman  hoang  nam  tien.  we  announced  the  launch  of  autonomous  technologies  in  2017,  based
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  our  indepth  research  and  capabilities  in  artificial  intelligence,  data  analytics,  internet  of  vehicles,  cloud  computing,  and  image  processing,  etc.  the  past  two  years  has  seen  madebyfpt  autonomous  technologies  integrated  into  vehicles  and  successfully  tested  at  hightech  zones.  we  hope  this  collaboration  would  bring  us  to  the  day  where  autonomous  cars  using  our  technologies  could  travel  across  urban  areas,  luxury  resorts,  factories  and  warehouses,  he  asserted.  fpt  has  to  date  acquired  level  3  in  driving  automation  and  sought  to  upgrade  one  more  notch  by  the  end  of  2019.  the  southeastasia  leading  it  services  provider  looks  to  obtain  level  5,  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization highest  level  of  driving  automation,  and  iso  26262,  an  international  safety  standard  for  the  automotive  industry,  within  a  few  years.  we  chose  fpt  as  the  first  partner  in  vietnam  to  integrate  advanced  autonomous  technologies  into  our  latest  electric  cars  based  on  their  proven  capabilities  in  digital  transformation.  were  also  confident  that  the  ecopark  green  city  is  one  of  the  most  suitable  places  for  our  vehicles  to  hit  the  road.  following  two  decades  of  research  and  development,  we  aspire  to  build  lowspeed,  clean  and  smart  vehicles  that  could  shape  the  future  of  mobility,  and  the  success  of  this  collaboration  would  surely
__label__assetoperationsoptimization help  validate  our  vision,  said  mr.  shoji  shiraishi,  fellow  and  senior  general  manager  of  new  venture  business  development  section,  advanced  technology  centre  at  yamaha  motor.  the  alliance  with  global  firms  fpt  and  yamaha  is  also  a  big  gain  for  ecopark.  as  mr.  nguyen  dung  minh,  deputy  general  director  of  ecopark  noted,  this  partnership  helps  us  establish  ourselves  as  a  smart  city  that  leveraging  information  technology  and  artificial  intelligence  to  provide  better  living  standards  of  our  residents  while  utilizing  energy  and  natural  resources  effectively.  apart  from  the  greenery  and  urban  landscape,  the  smart  city  initiative  is  our  key  strategy.  having  big
__label__assetoperationsoptimization names  like  fpt  and  yamaha  as  partners,  we  trust  the  latest  technologies  would  be  adopted  to  benefit  our  local  residents.  fpt  is  the  global  leading  technology  and  it  services  provider  headquartered  in  vietnam  with  nearly  us2  billion  in  revenue  and  33,000  employees.  as  a  pioneer  in  digital  transformation,  fpt  delivers  worldclass  services  in  smart  factory,  digital  platforms,  rpa,  ai,  iot,  enterprise  mobility,  cloud,  ar/vr,  embedded  systems,  managed  services,  testing,  platform  modernization,  business  applications,  application  services,  bpo,  and  more.  fpt  has  served  over  600  customers  worldwide,  a  hundred  of  which  are  fortune  global  500  companies  in  the  industries  of  aerospace  aviation,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization automotive,  banking  and  finance,  logistics  transportation,  utilities  and  more.  for  more  information,  please  visit  .  yamaha  motor  tokyo:  7272  is  a  worldleading  producer  of  land  vehicles  such  as  motorcycles,  allterrain  vehicles,  and  electrically  power  assisted  bicycles,  marine  products  such  as  boats  and  outboard  motors,  robotics  products  such  as  surface  mounters  and  drones,  as  well  as  engagement  in  the  finance  business.  the  company  s  diverse  businesses  and  wide  variety  of  products  are  built  around  its  proprietary  technologies  focused  on  small  engines,  chassis  hulls,  and  electronic  control.  yamaha  motor  conducts  global  development,  production  and  marketing  operations  through  140  subsidiaries  and  equitymethod  affiliates
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  30  countries  and  regions,  working  to  realize  our  corporate  mission  of  being  a  kando  creating  company.  about  90  of  consolidated  net  sales  are  generated  in  more  than  200  countries  and  regions  outside  of  japan.  please  visit  kando  is  a  japanese  word  for  the  simultaneous  feelings  of  deep  satisfaction  and  intense  excitement  that  we  experience  when  we  encounter  something  of  exceptional  value.  ecopark  is  the  biggest  ecological  urban  area  with  millions  of  trees  in  northern  vietnam.  located  at  the  southeast  gate  of  hanoi,  ecopark  is  500  hectares  in  area.  after  nearly  16  years  of  construction  and  development,  ecopark  is  known
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  the  green  city,  offering  a  wide  range  of  residential  products  and  facilities.  ecopark  becomes  a  pioneer  of  sustainable  green  architecture,  honored  with  many  prestigious  international  awards.  ecopark  expects  to  meet  housing  needs  for  more  than  150,000  residents  in  the  future.  with  a  vision  of  upgrading  ecopark  from  a  green  urban  area  to  a  smart  modern  green  city,  the  developer  had  took  many  efforts  to  find  effective  energy  solutions  as  well  as  the  most  modern  technology.  the  autonomous  electric  vehicle  using  clean  and  eco  friendly  fuel  is  one  of  ecoparks  goals  in  2019.  please  visit  for  inquiries,  please  contact:  hue
__label__assetoperationsoptimization le  848  6686  7745  category:  news  apr  11,  2019  fpt  joins  aws  summit  singapore  2019  as  premier  partner  as  the  first  premier  partner  of  amazon  managed  services  aws  in  southeast  asia,  fpt  joins  aws  summit  2019  today  in  singapore  to  showcase  digital  services  and  cloud  technology  solutions.  aws  summit  2019  is  part  of  amazons  global  event  series  in  managed  services,  bringing  together  the  cloud  computing  community  around  the  world  to  connect,  collaborate  and  learn  about  aws.  fpt  was  recognized  an  aws  premier  consulting  partner  in  april  last  year,  the  first  asean  headquartered  representative  to  be  accorded  its  highest  tier  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization partnership.  during  the  aws  summit  2019,  fpt  has  showcased  migration  factory  cloud  managed  services,  cuttingedged  it  innovations,  and  especially  demos  of  its  digital  solutions  including  akabot  and  akawork.  giap  bui,  fpt  softwares  head  of  robotic  process  automation  rpa,  and  his  team  would  be  introducing  the  companys  digital  transformation  capabilities  to  the  singaporean  audience.  according  to  the  organizer,  more  than  10,000  people  are  expected  to  attend  aws  summit  2019.  as  part  of  fpts  akaminds  ecosystem,akabotis  a  comprehensive  rpa  solution,  helping  to  automate  business  process  for  enterprises  invarious  sectors  from  logistics,  health  care,  customer  services,  finance  and  banking,  to  telecommunications.  meanwhile,  akawork
__label__assetoperationsoptimization provides  professional  devops  solutions  to  help  businesses  achieve  the  harmony  of  collaboration  among  product  owners,  developers,  testers,  qa  and  it  operators.  both  solutionsenable  businesses  to  streamline  significantly  their  operationsanddrive  growth  rapidly.  visitors  can  find  out  more  about  fpts  service  offering  and  digital  transformation  capabilities  at  booth  s10,  level  1,  hall  2,  singapore  expo  convention  exhibition  centre.  fpt  and  aws  began  cooperation  since  2016  and  have  worked  together  in  mass  migration,  managed  services  and  innovations  using  internet  of  things,  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning,  big  data  and  blockchain  technologies.  category:  news  apr  05,  2019  fpt  heats  up  southeast  asias  race  for  selfdriving
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cars  the  race  for  driverless  cars  in  southeast  asia  gets  intense  as  its  autonomous  pioneer  fpt  has  planned  to  kick  off  a  new  next  thursday  in  hanoi.  it  seems  that  the  global  it  firm  has  kept  itself  busy  since  its  madeinvietnam  autonomous  solutions  were  introduced  for  the  first  time  in  2017.  fpt  global  automotive  fga  a  strategic  unit  specializing  on  automotive  technology  solutions,  has  doubled  the  number  of  technology  experts  over  the  past  two  years.  some  2,000  employees  have  worked  round  the  clock  to  make  autonomous  vehicles  a  reality.  in  october  2017,  its  first  driverless  car  hit  the  road,  traveling
__label__assetoperationsoptimization at  a  speed  of  20  km  per  hour  and  using  various  techniques  such  as  artificial  intelligence,  radar,  gps,  and  computer  vision  to  selfnavigate,  monitor  their  surroundings,  automatically  break,  redirect  at  the  intersections  and  avoid  obstacles.  japans  vice  minister  for  internal  affairs  and  communications,  mr.  masahiko  tominaga,  was  one  of  the  distinguished  guests  who  experienced  the  vehicle  on  its  early  days.  with  selfdriving  technologies  tested  successfully  at  hightech  zones  and  campuses,  fpt  has  been  invited  to  work  on  several  automotive  projects  by  demanding  singaporean  and  japanese  clients.  to  date,  the  company  has  managed  to  acquire  level  3  out  of  five  levels
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  driving  automation  and  hopefully  by  the  end  of  2019  it  would  gain  one  more  notch.  that  means,  the  vehicle  would  be  able  to  travel  with  little  or  no  human  input  under  selected  road  conditions.  for  nearly  a  decade,  fpt  has  been  offering  numerous  services  and  solutions  to  worlds  top  automakers,  oems,  tier1  suppliers,  and  semiconductors  in  the  industry.  the  global  it  services  provider  leverages  forefront  innovations  and  provides  engineering  services  to  customers  in  multiple  projects,  ranging  from  invehicle  infotainment,  cad/cae,  connectivity  to  middleware  and  embedded  application.  by  utilizing  extensive  experience  and  accumulated  knowhow  and  employing  a  large  pool  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization talents  including  2,200  automotive  experts  and  engineers,  fpt  implements  solutions  with  processes  and  quality  in  accordance  with  autosar,  automotive  spice  level  3,  and  other  global  standards.  discover  more  at  .  category:  news  apr  08,  2019  fpt  opens  new  office  inside  airbuss  campus  in  france  fpt  inaugurated  a  new  office  last  week  in  toulouse,  home  of  aviation  giant  airbus  and  also  the  european  capital  ofaeronauticsand  space  industries.  the  new  office  is  conveniently  situated  inside  airbuss  skywise  campus,  next  to  big  it  names  includingpalantir  technologies,  ibm,  cgi,  and  capgemini.  these  four  companies,  as  well  as  fpt,  were  handpicked  by  airbus  to  deploy
__label__assetoperationsoptimization its  open  data  platform  skywise.  our  colleagues  are  working  alongside  the  worlds  finest  brains  on  artificial  intelligence,  big  data  analytics  and  cloud  computing  to  change  the  global  aviation  industry,  fpts  chairman  dr.  truong  gia  binh  affirmed  proudly.  the  opening  of  our  new  office  in  toulouse  is  a  testament  to  the  fact  that  vietnamese  firms  can  compete  globally,  he  said.  according  to  mr.  mathew  evans,  airbus  director  of  global  skywise  project,  the  two  companies  have  collaborated  comprehensively  and  extensively.  skywise  is  a  global  aviation  industry  project,  he  said,  we  are  in  this  together  not  only  at  the  early  stage  but  also
__label__assetoperationsoptimization set  for  a  long  future  ahead.  fpt  software  and  airbus  signed  a  letter  of  intent  in  middecember  2017  to  develop  advanced  technologies  in  aviation  based  on  airbuss  skywise  platform.  three  months  later,  the  two  reached  a  to  further  strengthen  the  skywise  ecosystem  in  asia.  this  agreement  made  fpt  the  first  southeast  asian  firm  to  become  airbuss  strategic  partner  in  digital  transformation.  launched  at  the  paris  airshow  2017,  skywise  is  the  beating  heart  of  aviation.  in  time,  airbus  aims  to  extendskywiseto  become  the  data  platform  ofreference  for  all  major  aviation  players,  helping  them  to  improve  operational  performance  and  support  their  digital
__label__assetoperationsoptimization transformation.fpt  currently  has  nearly  100  engineers  working  with  airbus  on  this  project  and  sets  to  triple  the  number  of  team  members  in  a  near  future.  fpts  toulouse  office  is  operated  by  fpt  software  europe  sarl,  headquartered  in  paris.  with  a  global  presence  spanning  33  countries  and  territories,  fpt  has  attributed  overseas  markets  to  its  rapid  growth  in  the  past  decades.  in  2018,  the  company  recorded  more  than  a  billion  dollars  in  revenue,  39  percent  of  which  camefrom  overseas  markets.  category:  news  mar  26,  2019  biggest  challenges  facing  the  japanese  automotive  industry  in  2019  do  you  know  that  the  automotive  industry
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  undergoing  the  most  significant  changes  since  henry  ford  industrialized  automotive  manufacturing  in  1908?  all  these  changes  open  up  new  growth  opportunities  and  bring  up  big  challenges  concurrently,  requiring  you  companies  in  the  automotive  sector  to  acknowledge  and  manage  them.  lets  take  a  look  at  the  key  challenges  that  japanese  automotive  industry  has  to  face  in  2019.  according  to  japan  times,  the  young  generation  in  japan,  especially  those  living  in  the  city,  prefer  to  utilize  public  transport,  giving  up  on  car  ownership  altogether.  young  japanese  are  not  as  keen  on  automobiles  as  their  elders  were  while  the  older  generation  car
__label__assetoperationsoptimization enthusiasts  are  rapidly  aging.  young  japanese  no  longer  view  cars  as  status  symbols  but  find  car  ownership  an  economic  liability.  owning  and  operating  a  car  involves  numerous  expenses,  including  compulsory  inspections  shaken  every  two  to  three  years,  yearly  automobile  taxes,  mandatory  and  optional  insurance,  high  parking  fees,  toll  expressways  and  gasoline  cost  source:  japan  automobile  federation  .  this  explains  why  more  young  japanese  are  shifting  their  life  styles  from  owning  cars  to  sharing  cars  which  is  more  cost  efficient.  as  a  result,  they  have  the  tendency  of  falling  out  of  love  with  cars  due  to  changes  in  individuals  values  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cars  and  financial  circumstances.  this  constitutes  a  structural  obstacle  to  the  business,  leading  to  a  decrease  in  car  consumption  domestically.  the  peak  of  automobiles  sales  was  7.8  million  units  in  1990  during  the  bubble  economy,  which  has  dropped  to  almost  70  of  its  peak  now.  there  is  little  hope  for  major  growth.  the  sales  of  automobiles  will  continue  to  decrease  as  the  consumption  tax  keeps  increasing.  just  as  phones  got  smart,  so  will  cars.  as  digital  is  increasingly  applied  to  the  driving  experience,  cars  now  are  equipped  with  safety  applications,  traffic  information  services,  driver  assistance  and  a  vast  of  infotainment
__label__assetoperationsoptimization features.  all  these  new  technical  features  aim  to  deliver  safety,  comfort,  connectivity  and  ultimately,  autonomous  driving  in  the  future.  worldwide  sales  of  connected  vehicles  are  expected  to  grow  to  slightly  more  than  77  million  units  annually  by  2022,  rising  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  19  from  about  19  million  in  2014,  according  to  ihs  automotive.  in  japan,  the  connectedcar  related  market  is  likely  to  expand  to  as  large  as  a  trillion  yen  by  2020.  the  market  is  projected  to  grow  further  by  2025  to  almost  twice  the  size  of  2020  to  2  trillion  yen,  due  to  increasing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization number  of  connected  cars  and  to  wider  acceptance  of  those  services  that  use  probe  information  or  cloud  adas  source:  yano  research  institute  ltd.  at  present,  only  10  percent  of  cars  on  japans  roads  having  embedded  connectivity,  compared  with  49  percent  in  the  u.s.,  31  percent  in  europe,  and  20  percent  in  china,  according  to  consultancy  sbd  automotive.  the  threat  to  the  japanese  carmakers  is  that  they  have  to  compete  with  competitors  on  a  global  level  that  have  experience  and  have  built  the  ecosystem  and  service  platform.  so  far,  the  local  carmakers  have  failed  to  come  up  with  services  that  would
__label__assetoperationsoptimization draw  users,  according  to  matsubara  of  ihs  markit.  toyota  started  its  connectivity  company  in  2016  and  aims  to  have  70  percent  of  new  cars  on  the  system  by  2020.  nissan  said  last  month  it  plans  to  offer  connectivity  for  all  new  nissan,  infiniti  and  datsun  cars  sold  in  key  markets  by  2022.  honda  hasnt  announced  a  target,  but  has  said  its  in  the  progress  of  developing  new  connected  technologies.  the  turning  point  will  be  around  2020  to  2025,  said  takao  asami,  nissans  senior  vice  president  in  charge  of  research.  if  we  miss  that  period,  we  will  have  a  big  problem.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  respond  to  the  growing  demands  on  connected  cars,  japanese  automotive  players  are  required  to  shift  their  concentration  and  pursue  open  innovations.  they  could  turn  these  challenges  into  opportunities,  but  only  if  they  could  figure  out  how  to  make  money  from  this  desire.  oems  will  have  to  manage  shorter  product  and  service  development  cycles,  such  as  software  and  other  technology  updates  while  tier  1  suppliers  will  need  to  add  more  values  in  alternative  powertrain  technologies  and  in  innovative  solutions  for  active  safety  and  infotainment.  another  prominent  problem  of  japanese  automotive  industry  is  going  out  of  skilled  and  efficient  workers.  japans
__label__assetoperationsoptimization population  is  expected  to  decline  from  about  127  million  to  about  88  million  by  2065,  according  to  the  national  institute  of  population  and  social  security.  this  issue  has  had  huge  impacts  to  every  industry,  especially  japanese  automotive  industry.  people  associated  with  cars  company  are  near  retirement  age  and  automakers  couldnt  find  their  equivalent  replacement  from  young  generation.  as  time  passes,  this  subject  becomes  a  serious  concern  and  major  issue  for  the  japanese  automotive  industry:  replace  the  ageing  engineering  sector  with  young  talents  and  encourage  the  young  generations  to  pursue  their  career  in  the  automotive  field.  that  japanese  youngsters  stay  apathetic
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  indifferent  towards  cars  or  automotive  division  is  definitely  not  going  to  be  solved  straightforwardly.  gradually,  this  has  caused  labour  shortage  for  japanese  automotive  players  and  auto  part  suppliers,  requiring  them  to  change  the  traditional  business  management,  operation  or  product  strategy.  they  are  facing  with  the  challenges  in  optimizing  efficiency  and  product  quality  despite  declining  employment.  robots  and  other  automation  have  recently  been  utilized  as  resolutions  to  meet  labour  shortages.  to  mitigate  challenges  and  capture  future  growth,  japanese  automotive  players  cannot  simply  turn  to  their  traditional  toolbox.  they  need  to  review  and  adjust  their  strategic  priorities,  deploy  the  appropriate  investments
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  resources,  and  establish  cooperation  with  partners  from  outside  the  automotive  industry.  category:  news  mar  25,  2019  fpt  launches  new  office  in  melbourne,  australia  fpt  has  officially  opened  a  new  office  in  melbourne  on  monday,  extending  its  foothold  in  australia  and  capitalizing  on  the  rapid  growth  of  the  country  second  largest  city.  the  melbourne  office  fortifies  our  commitment  to  digital  transformation  in  australia  with  the  focus  on  the  east  coast.  combining  fptsoffshore  and  nearshore  development  resources,  we  aspire  to  help  more  international  businesses  optimize  and  digitize  their  it  operations  in  a  costeffective  manner,said  son  minh  nguyen,  managing  director  of  fpt
__label__assetoperationsoptimization australasia.  australian  clients  are  sensitive  to  the  latest  trends  in  digital  transformation,  giving  us  lots  of  room  for  partnership  and  growth.  following  this  offices  inauguration,  we  are  looking  to  extend  our  presence  to  the  west  coast  in  the  near  future,  nguyen  added.  over  the  past  ten  years,  fpt  australasia  has  catered  to  roughly  40  businesses,  many  of  which  are  asx200  companies  operating  in  various  sectors  from  communication  media,  bfsi,  retail,  logistics  to  healthcare.  in  addition  to  the  offices  in  sydney  and  melbourne,  the  company  also  employs  local  staff  in  brisbane  and  perth.  the  rialto  towers  where  fpts  melbourne  office  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization being  hosted  category:  news  mar  22,  2019  accelerating  digital  transformation  with  ai:  the  future  is  now  across  industries,  ai  is  helping  to  amplify  human  ingenuity  with  innovative  solutions  that  elevate  peoples  lives,  grow  business  value  and  address  societys  challenges.  as  the  result,  when  enterprises  increasingly  opt  for  digital  transformation  and  especially  with  artificial  intelligence  ai,  the  focus  has  shifted  from  what  to  how.  joining  microsofts  ai  conference  this  friday,  fpt  brings  in  our  stories  of  breakthroughs  that  are  transforming  the  world.  deputy  director  of  fpt  software  hanoi,mr.  tran  van  dung,  will  showcase  our  ai  solutions  as  well  as  crossindustry  intelligent
__label__assetoperationsoptimization technologies,  from  content  to  shopping  personalisation.  microsofts  future  now  conference  series  is  all  about  artificial  intelligence,  crossindustry  intelligent  technologies  and  the  most  innovative  solutions  that  simplify  everyday  life,  increase  business  productivity,  address  societal  challenges  and  simply  change  the  world  as  we  know  it.  the  event  aims  to  explore  how  ai  can  be  leveraged  to  address  the  rapidly  evolving  needs  of  customers,  employees,  vendors  and  communities.  the  oneday  event  will  attract  more  than  1,400  business  leaders  from  across  industries,  and  feature  dynamic  keynotes,  breakouts,  panel  discussions,  and  success  stories  from  partners  as  well  as  customers.  join  us  to  know  how  fpt
__label__assetoperationsoptimization software  can  help  you  achieve  real  business  value  with  ai,  and  accelerate  your  digital  transformation  journey.  details  about  the  event  can  be  found  .  category:  news  mar  12,  2019  microsoft  fpt  affirmed  the  sustainable  partnership  through  leadership  series  2019  event  danang,  vietnam  being  a  pioneer  in  the  digital  transformation  journey,  fpt  was  proud  to  be  at  microsofts  the  leadership  series  2019  as  a  trusted  partner.  fpt  was  delighted  to  share  its  dx  expertise  and  innovation  solutions  with  futureoriented  platforms  and  nextgen  solutions.  the  leadership  series  is  an  annual  event  organized  by  microsoft  for  their  partners  enterprise  customers  to  update  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization microsoft  technologies  to  enhance  its  partnership  with  partner  companies.  at  the  twoday  session  event  held  in  da  nang,  the  attendees  were  given  the  opportunity  to  engage  with  microsofts  regional  leadership  team  on  the  companys  business  priorities,  innovative  product  and  service  offerings.  at  the  same  time,  as  one  of  microsofts  most  senior  partners  in  the  region,  a  speech  about  smart  manufacturing  was  delivered  by  phu  dang  fpt  software  solution  director,  to  showcase  fpt  smart  manufacturing  solutions,  which  received  much  attention  from  hundreds  of  audiences.  through  the  event,  fpt  reinforced  the  companys  vision  for  the  region  information  technology  sectors  and  the  role
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  senior  partner  must  play.  fpt  hopes  to  start  the  transformation  journey  keeping  our  customers  at  the  centre  to  ensure  our  customers  succeed  and  achieve  above  and  beyond.  fpt  microsoft  will  embrace  our  partnerships  that  inspire  innovation  and  transformation  to  enable  greater  engagement,  transparency  and  reach.  nguyen  duc  quynh  chairman  of  fpt  software  ho  chi  minh.  fpt  is  currently  one  of  the  most  senior  partners  of  microsoft.  with  the  history  of  20year  cooperation,  the  two  have  collaborated  to  bring  microsofts  powerful  solutions  to  customers  in  vietnam  and  other  countries,  such  as  erp,  crm,  cloud  etc.  with  experience  and  capabilities  recognized
__label__assetoperationsoptimization by  600  global  customers  and  partners,  especially  by  a  global  technology  leader  like  microsoft,  fpt  will  provide  optimum  dx  solutions  and  services  to  the  customers  in  the  digital  age  not  only  inside  but  also  outside  vietnam.  category:  news  mar  12,  2019  board  announcement:  appointment  of  new  fpt  corporation  ceo  fpt  corporation  board  of  directors  would  like  to  announce  the  boards  decision  to  appoint  mr.  nguyen  van  khoa  executive  vice  president  of  fpt  corporation  cum  ceo  of  fpt  information  system,  to  become  the  new  ceo  of  fpt  corporation,  succeeding  mr.  bui  quang  ngoc  after  his  term.  the  appointment  will  take  effect
__label__assetoperationsoptimization officially  from  march  29th,  2019.  mr.  khoa  is  among  the  young  leadership  generation  of  the  corporation  who  has  been  with  fpt  for  22  years  and  has  proven  his  capability  of  fulfilling  all  the  responsibilities  through  his  devoted  time.  he  has  excelled  in  various  leadership  roles  requiring  a  tremendous  understanding  of  business  operation,  technology  in  both  b2b  and  b2c  customers.  in  2012,  mr.  khoa  was  the  youngest  ceo  of  fpt  subsidiaries  when  he  was  appointed  as  ceo  of  fpt  telecom.  with  the  focusing  on  building  core  management  staff,  he  led  fpt  telecom  to  maintain  within  the  top  3  of  leading  internet
__label__assetoperationsoptimization service  companies  in  vietnam.  under  his  leadership,  from  2012  to  2017,  fpt  telecoms  revenue  increased  by  2.6  times,  the  companys  profit  increased  by  1.6  times  and  number  of  employees  doubled.  in  march  2018,  he  was  promoted  as  executive  vice  president  of  fpt  cum  ceo  of  fpt  information  system  company  fpt  is  as  part  of  the  planning  and  training  program  of  the  next  generation  fpt  corporations  leaders.  under  his  management,  fpt  information  system  delivered  hundreds  of  largescale  projects  in  public  finance,  oil  and  gas  and  banking  sectors.  the  fpt  corporations  board  of  directors  places  great  confidence  in  mr.  khoa  nguyen  vans
__label__assetoperationsoptimization proven  experience  as  well  as  his  passion  and  expertise,  which  will  ensure  the  sustained  success  of  fpt.  we  appreciate  the  great  contribution  from  mr.  bui  quang  ngoc  to  fpts  doubledigit  growth  through  his  two  consecutive  terms.  he  will  continue  his  journey  with  fpt  corporate  in  the  role  of  vice  chairman  and  in  major  corporate  projects.  with  the  change  of  fpt  senior  leadership  as  well  as  the  strong  focus  on  developing  new  value  added  services  and  plug  and  play  it  solutions,  we  desire  to  help  you  our  esteemed  customers  to  achieve  more  notable  achievements  in  the  future.  once  again,  we  would
__label__assetoperationsoptimization like  to  express  our  gratitude  and  appreciation  for  your  ongoing  support.  sincerely,  category:  news  mar  11,  2019  fpt  recognized  on  the  best  of  global  outsourcing  100list  by  iaop  fpt  corporation  is  honoured  to  be  in  the  best  of  global  outsourcing  100  list  by  iaop.  since  2013,  fpt  has  been  awarded  this  honour  for  the  excellent  performance  and  expertise  for  the  6  consecutive  year.  fpt  is  one  of  the  worlds  best  outsourcing  service  providers  and  advisors  which  are  recognized  in  the  best  of  global  outsourcing  100  go100  for  the  6  consecutive  year  to  be  on  the  list.  in  the  celebration  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 10  years  of  the  award,  the  special  best  of  the  go100  program  was  announced,  featuring  companies  that  have  led  the  development  in  the  industry  and  have  proven  their  place  on  the  past  of  go100  list.  companies,  today,  are  facing  a  competitive  and  continuously  changing  business  landscape;  for  that  reason,  the  global  outsourcing  100  and  worlds  best  advisors  lists  are  what  organizations  in  our  industry  aspire  to  as  these  awards  are  a  testament  to  those  companies  that  have  raised  the  bar,  said  iaop  ceo,  debi  hamill.  i  am  proud  to  acknowledge  the  role  of  these  leading  organizations  on  iaops  2019  best
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  global  outsourcing  100  for  continually  being  recognized  on  these  prestigious  lists.  with  more  than  25  years  of  experience  in  software  engineering  and  nearly  20  years  in  it  outsourcing,  fpt  is  wellplaced  to  assist  clients  with  endtoend  services  trusted  by  customers  worldwide.  aside  from  providing  added  value  services  for  clients  such  as  nextgen  technology  solutions,  digital  platform  solutions  or  consulting,  outsourcing  services  are  still  offered  to  help  customers  focus  on  their  core  business,  thus  saving  cost,  optimizing  resources,  increasing  efficiency  and  saving  on  infrastructure  and  technology.  through  various  available  outsourcing  services,fpt  has  distinguished  itself  among  outsourcing  providers  through  its
__label__assetoperationsoptimization relentless  focus  on  improving  clients  business  performance.  the  recognition  has  affirmed  the  companys  position  as  a  leading  it  service  provider  in  the  globe.  the  best  of  the  global  outsourcing  100  and  the  best  of  the  worlds  best  outsourcing  advisors,  in  the  10  year,  recognizes  the  worlds  best  outsourcing  service  providers  and  advisors.  results  were  based  upon  an  evaluation  of  the  scoring  results  over  the  entirety  of  the  global  outsourcing  100  and  wboa  programs  by  an  independent  judging  panel  organized  by  iaop.  category:  news  feb  25,  2019  fpt  shows  dx  capability  through  digital  innovation  2019  tokyo  fpt  joined  digital  innovation  2019,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  2day  business  ai  event  organized  by  nikkei  bp  company,  as  a  prestigious  gold  sponsor.  in  the  event,  our  expertise  in  advanced  analytics  aa,  our  rpa  tool  akabot  and  ai  platform  akaminds  are  showcased  to  all  visitors.  on  february  1920,  fpts  experts  have  introduced  visitors  to  the  latest  technological  capabilities  to  the  japanese  market,  such  as  akaminds  platform,  rpa  akabot  tool,  advanced  analytics  services  through  success  stories  of  various  industries:  smart  production,  banking  finance,  products  circulation  and  distribution.  a  seminar  entitled  advanced  analytics,  a  practical  approach  of  digital  transformation,  delivered  by  a  professional  consultant  of  fpt  japan  mr.  nguyen  dong
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dung,  attracted  more  than  120  representatives  of  japanese  enterprises  to  participate.  digital  transformation  is  becoming  a  big  wave  that  changes  the  business  operation  of  all  types  of  businesses.  some  companies  boldly  adopt  information  technology  it  and  convert  their  business  models,  but  there  are  also  many  companies  that  are  forced  to  change  if  they  dont  want  to  be  pushed  to  the  brink  of  survival.  even  now  whether  success  in  business  is  clear  or  not,  the  use  of  it  is  the  key  for  businesses  to  continue  to  exist.  mr.  dung  said.  in  the  talk,  mr.  dung  emphasised  that  implementing  digital  transformation  services
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  businesses  would  enhance  customer  experience  as  well  as  create  new  value,  with  the  advanced  analytic  service  played  the  key  role.  at  the  end  of  the  presentation,  mr.  nguyen  dong  dung  introduced  the  akaminds  platform  which  is  developed  by  fpt  based  on  practical  knowledge  and  experience  and  is  known  as  the  foundation  for  smart  solutions  to  help  customers  digital  transformation  process  to  be  implemented  with  low  cost.  the  event  was  organized  by  nikkei  bp  japans  largest  economic  newspaper.  nikkei  bp  is  the  worlds  leading  prestigious  media  company,  with  the  highest  number  of  subscriptions  in  japan.  the  contents  of  all  seminars
__label__assetoperationsoptimization will  be  published  by  wellknown  professional  journalists  on  journals  such  as  nikkei  computer  and  nikkei  system.  digital  innovation  is  an  annual  event  organized  by  nikkei  business  publication.  digital  innovation  tokyo  2019  took  place  on  february  1920,  with  the  aim  of  showcasing  the  latest  technologies  such  as  business  ai,  blockchain,  cloud,  iot,  security  etc.  aside  from  fpt,  the  event  attracted  large  sponsors  including  microsoft,  lenovo,  dropbox  business,  google  cloud,  automation  anywhere,  sales  force,  line  works.  nikkei  business  publication  will  continue  to  host  events  in  4  locations:  osaka,  nagoya,  fukuoka  and  sapporo.  category:  news  feb  18,  2019  medical  ai  conference  2019:  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization future  of  healthcare  industry  thank  you  for  your  attention  to  our  event.  please  find  in  the  download  link  for  presentations  at  the  event.  please  visit  for  the  recorded  live  stream  of  the  event.  the  rapid  change  of  technology  in  medical  brings  about  spectacular  breakthroughs  and  radical  treatment  approach  which  traditionally  is  impossible.  digital  transformation  in  general  and  ai  in  particular  eventually  helps  healthcare  businesses  archive  higher  customer  satisfaction  by  allowing  more  precise  and  indepth  diagnose,  higher  rate  of  successful  treatment  in  shorter  time  and  better  service  and  convenience.  on  friday,  22  feb  2019,  the  will  be  carried  out  by  fpt
__label__assetoperationsoptimization software  and  the  ministry  of  health,  to  share  and  discuss  about  the  latest  trends  of  artificial  intelligent  ai  in  the  healthcare  industry.  the  conference  welcomes  various  highprofile  guest  speakers  to  deliver  7  different  speeches  regarding  ai  in  healthcare.  the  conference  welcomes  allhealthcare,  mathaiit  expertsand  interested  guests  from  the  healthcare  industry  and  information  technology  industry.  the  topics  will  be  discussed  in  the  conference  includes  the  general  ai  technology  implementation  in  healthcare  industry  in  vietnam;  the  demand  for  ai  in  healthcare  from  the  perspective  of  doctors;  applying  medical  ai  for  analysing  electronic  medical  records,  for  analysing  fat  muscle  diagnosis  through  ct  scans
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  for  detection  of  skin  diseases,  skin  cancer.  :  22  feb  2019  :  1:30  pm  5:35  pm  :  intercontinental  hanoi  landmark,  plot  e6,  cau  giay  urban  area,  hanoi.  guest  speaker:  prof.  nguyen  tien  dung,  university  of  toulouse,  france  guest  speaker:  assoc.  prof.  dinh  van  han,  viet  nam  national  institute  of  burns  guest  speaker:  phd.  pham  hoang  kham,  viet  nam  national  institute  of  burns  guest  speaker:  prof.  dr.  ho  tu  bao,  institute  of  advanced  mathematics  viasm  and  john  von  neumann  institute  jvn  guest  speaker:  dr.  nguyen  do  trung  chanh,  fpt  japan  guest  speaker:  prof.  nguyen  tien  dung,  toulouse  university  and  colleagues
__label__assetoperationsoptimization guest  speaker:  ly  duc  doan,  fpt  contact  person:  ms.  nguyen  thi  ngoc  mai  84904992110  category:  news  feb  18,  2019  fpt  software  established  digital  processing  service  dps  as  a  subsidiary  to  help  customers  accelerate  the  digital  transformation  journey  from  2019,  fpt  digital  processing  service  company  limited  fpt  dps  is  officially  established  as  a  subsidiary  of  fpt  software.  dps  aims  to  deliver  comprehensive  services  to  support  customers  focus  resources  on  core  business  development  and  saving  effort  in  the  process  of  digital  transformation.  the  founding  members  of  dps  include  mr.  do  van  khac,  chief  executive  officer  of  dps,  who  is  also  the  chief
__label__assetoperationsoptimization delivery  officer  of  fpt  japan;  mr.  nguyen  tuan  phuong,  vice  president;  mr.  ngo  pham  cong  thuan  the  top  13  under  35  of  fpt  2018  ms.  nguyen  thi  my  chi,  sales  vice  president  and  ms.  nguyen  thi  thanh  ha,  vice  president  of  hr.  dpss  service  includes:  data  processing  service,  digital  design  solution,  ai/  data  science  service,  shared  service  and  call  center  and  managed  service.  dps,  as  an  independent  company,  provides  specialized  data  services  to  support  clients  and  also  fpt  software.  the  ability  to  provide  data  processing  for  digital  transformation  and  to  provide  stable,  highquality  managed  service  is  one  of  the  factors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization helping  fpt  transform  into  an  endtoend  digital  transformation  service  providing  company.  the  experts  of  dps  have  experience  of  working  in  business  processing  outsourcing  bpo  all  over  vietnam  and  asia  since  2007.  they  liberated  more  than  50  clients  in  the  regions  from  manual  errors  and  physical  management  of  business  processes.  dps  is  original  known  as  business  processing  solution  bps,  founded  in  2016  to  implement  business  process  outsourcing  for  fpt  software.  started  with  only  2030  members  in  2016,  bps  grew  up  to  over  1,000  people  in  2018  with  over  100  per  cent  in  revenue  with  high  profit.  in  2019,  bps  changed  its
__label__assetoperationsoptimization name  to  dps,  offered  additional  services  towards  the  digital  transformation  strategy.  the  firm  now  has  set  further  challenges  to  keep  expanding  the  bpo  market  with  thousands  employees  objective  in  2025.  with  the  determination  of  reaching  the  high  growth  rate  of  100  per  cent,  founding  additionally  new  branches  in  can  tho,  quang  nam,  ha  tinh,  etc.,  dps  is  expected  to  become  the  vietnams  leading  bpo  company  in  partnership  with  various  valuable  customers.  with  more  than  8  years  of  experience  and  the  experience  serving  more  than  50  clients  in  vietnam  and  asean  region,  dps  is  believed  to  become  a  reliable  partner  providing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization auxiliary  services  for  customers,  helping  the  clients  to  focus  on  his  professional  operations  and  speeding  up  the  digital  transformation  process.  category:  news  feb  01,  2019  fpt  showcased  our  top  automotive  expertise  in  japan  automotive  world  2019  automotive  world  2019  took  place  in  tokyo  big  sight  japan,  with  1120  companies  to  participate  and  share  in  the  3day  event.  fpt  joined  the  fourth  times  in  connected  car  japan  area  along  with  30  leading  firms,  to  showcase  the  best  practices  of  automotive  in  the  japanese  market.  software  development  services  for  cars,  such  as  modelbased  design  mbd  service,  controller  area  network  can  solution,  internet
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  vehicle  iov  platform  and  autonomous  vehicle  were  introduced  at  fpts  booth.  within  the  framework  of  the  event,  a  seminar  was  organized  to  introduce  agile  development  in  automotive  field.  during  60  minutes,  kddi  customers  fpt  shared  about  agile  methods,  the  advantages  of  collaboration  with  offshore  in  vietnam,  and  the  benefits  it  could  bring;  the  speech  was  well  received  and  enjoyed  by  the  majority  of  attendants.  over  600  customers  visited  fpt  japans  booth  and  many  questions  were  raised  about  modelbased  design  training  program  from  fpt  partners.  mr.  nguyen  cong  hoang  fpt  japan  automotive  manufacturing  industry  vice  director  shared:  its  conscious  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization fpt  pursues  the  strategy  of  product  solution  development  under  vertical  industry.  our  competitor  such  as  neusoft  has  started  to  follow  this  trend.  fpt  software  needs  to  maintain  the  quality  as  well  as  provide  the  comprehensive  endtoend  service  to  customers.  the  training  of  modelbased  design  services  would  be  a  new  direction  which  fpt  software  is  especially  interested  in.  automotive  world  is  the  worlds  leading  exhibition  for  advanced  automotive  technologies.  the  event  is  a  combination  of  exhibitions  conferences  covering  important  topics  in  the  automotive  industry  such  as  automotive  electronics,  connected  car,  autonomous  driving,  ev/hev/fcv,  lightweight  and  processing  technology.  every  year,  the  event
__label__assetoperationsoptimization welcomes  a  large  number  of  exhibitors  and  visitors  from  all  over  the  world  automotive  world  consists  of  6  smaller  events:  carele  japan,  ev  japan,  10th  automotive  lightweight  technology  expo,  8th  connected  car  japan,  carmecha  japan  and  3rd  autonomous  driving  technology  expo.  for  the  last  10  years,  fpt  has  been  offering  numerous  solutions  and  services  to  world  s  top  automakers,  equipment  manufacturer,  tier1  suppliers,  and  semiconductor  manufacturers  in  the  automotive  industry.  by  utilizing  extensive  experience  and  accumulated  knowhow  and  employing  a  large  pool  of  talents  including  2,200  experts,  fpt  focuses  on  three  main  areas:  infotainment  and,  smart  applications  and  facilitate  support
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  internet  of  vehicles  in  accordance  with  the  global  standards.  category:  news  mar  04,  2019  ntt  docomo  shares  the  good  design  award  2018  with  fpt  the  smart  phone  application  japanese  language  training  ai,  coimplemented  by  ntt  docomo  and  fpt  japan,  was  honoured  with  good  design  award  2018  the  japanese  institute  of  design  promotion.  japanese  language  training  ai  is  an  application  training  japanese  conversation  skill  for  all  foreigners  interested  in  japanese  and  foreigners  working  in  japan.  unlike  normal  language  teaching  applications  which  make  learners  memorize  sentence  patterns,  this  application  with  the  support  of  ai  technology  encourages  learners  practice  games.  the  application
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  equipped  with  a  suitable  function  to  evaluate  and  advise  even  if  its  not  the  perfect  japanese  pronunciation,  to  reduce  the  learners  anxiety  when  talking  to  japanese  people.  the  artificial  intelligence  ai  equipped  in  the  application  will  judge  users  pronunciation  and  conversational  skill,  and  give  advice  on  how  to  express  it  naturally.  the  trial  version  is  completely  free  and  supports  english  and  vietnamese.  fpt  received  the  award  with  ntt  the  application  is  produced  by  ntt  docomo  and  fpt  participated  as  the  contributor  by  testing  and  giving  feedback,  which  is  a  typical  and  important  model  in  product  development:  to  cooperate  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization customers  to  shape  the  final  product.  we  believe  in  the  future  of  application  development  hopefully  the  application  can  contribute  to  japanese  learning  journey  of  foreigners  fpt  japan  ceo  mr.  nguyen  viet  vuong  is  optimistic  about  the  development  of  japanese  language  training  ai  application.  mr.  vuong  expects  in  the  future  the  application  will  be  easy  to  access  for  both  japanese  learners  living  inside  and  outside  vietnam.  fpt  was  invited  to  participate  in  the  application  development  process  based  on  the  value  positioning  and  technological  capabilities  of  fpt,  as  well  as  a  large  number  of  workforce  who  learn  japanese,  speak  japanese,  and  love
__label__assetoperationsoptimization japanese.  ntt  docomos  technology  is  an  ai  technology  that  provides  sound  and  natural  language.  the  application  for  learning  japanese  is  only  an  initial  test  application,  and  many  other  applications  can  be  developed  on  this  technology.  director  of  digital  logistics  industry  group  mr.  bui  vinh  thang  shared.  the  japanese  language  training  ai  application  good  design  award  is  an  annual  award  awarded  by  the  japanese  institute  of  design  promotion  for  products  enriching  our  lives  and  society  through  design.  since  its  establishment  in  1957,  the  good  design  award  recognizes  different  designs  around  us,  including  industrial  goods,  architecture,  software,  systems,  services,  etc.  category:  news
__label__assetoperationsoptimization jan  30,  2019  fpt  softwaresuccessfully  implements  the  first  smart  factory  project  for  carlsberg  fpt  software  successfully  delivered  the  manufacturing  execution  system  the  control  system  to  manage  and  monitor  work  in  the  manufacturing  process  for  carlsberg  in  serbia  with  great  results  in  just  four  weeks.  the  manufacturing  execution  system  related  tasks  were  performed  in  two  weeks  and  the  project  team  project  helps  manage  production  lines  and  data  flow  at  the  factory,  thus  optimizing  line  performance  and  manufacturing  process,  detecting  errors  in  the  production  process  and  maximizing  production  output.fpt  has  enhanced  the  companys  experience  in  delivering  projects  related  to  digital  monitoring  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization controlling  smart  factory  system.  following  the  success  of  carlsbergs  first  smart  factory  project  in  serbia,  the  scope  of  cooperation  between  fpt  and  carlsberg  in  the  field  of  manufacturing  execution  system  will  be  rolled  out  china,  malaysia,  greece,  and  also  carlsbergs  digitalization  program  in  vietnam.  fpt  carlsberg  signed  mou  in  september  2018  currently,  carlsberg  is  present  in  25  markets  globally  with  many  of  carlsbergs  factories  havent  yet  implemented  with  the  manufacturing  execution  system  system.  therefore,  fpt  software  proven  technology  capability  through  the  implementation  of  manufacturing  execution  system  is  crucial  for  our  journey  accompanying  carlsberg  in  the  brewery  digitalization  program.  on  january
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 15,  fpt  software  will  continue  to  have  a  highlevel  meeting  with  carlsberg  in  copenhagen  to  plan  a  cooperation  between  the  two  sides  in  2019.  previously,fpt  and  carlsberg  signed  a  global  framework  contract  whereupon  fpt  has  officially  become  carlsbergs  technology  partner,  providing  information  technology  as  well  as  digital  transformation  services  for  the  global  brewer.  the  two  sides  also  planned  to  explore  additional  areas  in  digital  transformation  including  smart  brewery,  cloud  migration  to  azure,  open  api  platform,  data  strategy  and  analytics  with  many  projects  related  to  manufacturing  execution  system  mes;  ai  for  planning  and  connected  bar.  carlsberg  has  been  planning  to  roll
__label__assetoperationsoptimization out  mes  for  14  factories  across  this  continent  in  the  near  future.  category:  news  feb  11,  2019  get  to  know:  akabot  a  comprehensive  rpa  solution  for  your  business  robotic  process  automation  rpa  is  a  revolution  in  business  process  automation  with  predicted  global  market  growth  from  0.9  billion  in  2018  to  8.75  billion  in  2014.  as  a  part  of  the  fpts  akaminds  ecosystem,  akabot  is  a  comprehensive  rpa  solution,  helping  to  automate  business  process  for  enterprises  in  various  sectors  such  as:  banking  finance,  logistic,  health  care,  customer  care,  telecommunication,  manufacturing  and  retailthis  platform  does  not  impact  on  existing  it  landscape  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization adapt  to  any  business  changes.  this  automation  process  can  save  up  to  80  operation  cost  and  increase  productivity  because  of  24/7  operation  which  improve  turnaround  time  from  hours  to  minutes  and  minutes  to  second.  in  addition,  rpa  helps  to  reduce  the  rate  of  human  errors  and  prevents  information  leakage  thereby  providing  a  lower  level  of  operational  risk.  with  reduced  errors,  improved  efficiency  and  more  accurate  information,  the  quality  of  the  customer  experience  is  significantly  increased,  which  increases  customer  satisfaction  and  loyalty.  besides,  deploying  rpa  releases  your  highvalue  resources  from  tedious  tasks  and  spend  on  more  creative  ones.  akabot  comes  up
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  onestop  rpa  service  of  fpt  including:  assessment  poc  proof  of  concept,  center  of  excellence  coe  development,  implementation,  and  maintenance.  on  the  other  hand,  akabot  is  integrated  with  fpts  ai  platform,  buildin  domain  packages  of  it,  banking,  admin  bo,  procument,  retail,24/7  worldwide  support  by  domain  experts  so  that  it  can  adapt  the  high  demand  from  enterprise  not  only  the  product  features,  but  also  additional  service  and  business  value.  additionally,  competitive  price  is  a  considerable  factor.  fpt  software  provides  most  attractive  offer  in  the  industry  with  many  added  incentives.  akabot  has  three  features:  bot  studio,  bot  center  and  bot  agent.  provides
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  wide  spectrum  of  activities  to  model  almost  any  business  processes  within  an  organization.  scale  unlimitedly,  from  simple  to  complex,  by  connecting  multiple  platforms,  automating  within  websites,  desktop  applications,  working  with  databases,  or  even  interacting  with  human  activities.  akabot  studio  is  designed  friendly  for  user.  graphicbased  workflow  is  highly  intuitive,  no  coding  required.  moreover,  it  can  be  reusable  by  ability  to  add  workflows  to  central  library.  especially,  workflows  can  have  multiple  authors  and  components  can  be  shared  between  teams  and  projects  for  easy  collaboration.  is  a  web  application  that  enables  you  to  monitor  and  manage  akaagents  during  the  implementation  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization repetitive  automation  processes  such  as  scheduling,  logging  and  queing.  with  akabot  center,  the  initialization,  monitoring,  and  deployment  of  resources  in  your  environment  is  always  under  your  control.  besides,  with  detailed  logging  and  statistics  functions,  akabot  center  provides  valuable  information  so  that  your  decision  making  can  be  easier,  faster  and  more  accurate.  is  a  live  robot  that  implements  the  automation  processes  built  from  akabot  studio  including  web  automation,  app  automation,  data  automation  and  centralized  configuration.  it  can  handle  many  different  applications  and  data  structures  efficiently,  quickly  and  stably.  on  the  other  hand,  it  is  controlled  by  akabot  center  remotely.  therefore,  managing
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  deploying  the  automation  processes  is  easy  and  straightforward.  here  is  architecture  for  enterpriselevel.  firstly,  business  processes  in  enterprises  will  be  examined  in  order  to  assess  the  feasibility  of  applying  akabot.  then,  a  specific  procedure  is  chosen  and  a  trial  akabot  is  applied  to  test  the  effectiveness.  according  to  it,  customers  understand  that  akabot  can  be  deployed  in  any  process  within  the  enterprise  then  assess  the  benefits  based  on  the  pilot  application,  especially  to  make  the  final  decision  for  applying  akabot.  when  a  business  does  not  have  coe  center  of  excellence,  fpt  provides  a  package  of  akabot  deployment  services  which
__label__assetoperationsoptimization comprehends:  analyzing  requirement;  developing  rpa  programs  based  on  the  chosen  platform,  testing  robots  akabot  agents  and  establishing  them  into  the  working  environment.  as  a  result,  the  business  has  a  set  of  akabot  agents  ready  to  be  at  your  service.  by  applying  akabot,  enterprises  would  boost  their  productivity  and  quality  as  well  as  minimize  operating  and  labor  costs.  upon  completion,  we  will  continue  monitoring  the  operations  for  a  specified  period  of  time  as  well  as  involving  rpa  experts  to  assist  in  troubleshooting  when  necessary.  category:  news  jan  24,  2019  allianz  partners  with  fpt  group  to  enter  vietnams  general  insurance  market  allianz
__label__assetoperationsoptimization today  announces  its  intention  to  enter  the  general  insurance  sector  in  vietnam  through  a  digital  joint  venture  jv  to  be  set  up  with  the  fpt  group  driving  longterm  success  in  the  market  and  expanding  allianzs  footprint  in  asia.  fpt  group,  as  the  strategic  technology  partner,  will  support  allianz  in  the  fastgrowing  insurance  market  in  vietnam  to  develop  innovative  digital  insurance  products  and  services  to  meet  the  protection  needs  of  local  customers.  the  memorandum  of  understanding  mou  proposes  bringing  the  two  complementary  businesses  together,  with  allianz  providing  expertise  and  advice  on  best  practices  in  insurance  product  customisation,  financial  technology,  and  asset
__label__assetoperationsoptimization management.  fpt  will  provide  access  to  its  distribution  channels  and  affiliates,  advise  and  assist  allianz  with  local  market  knowledge,  and  connect  the  firm  with  fpts  subsidiaries  and  partners.  the  signing  ceremony  took  place  on  the  sidelines  of  the  world  economic  forum  in  davos  and  was  attended  by  prime  minister  of  vietnam  nguyen  xuan  phuc,  allianz  se  board  member  sergio  balbinot,  and  fpts  founder  executive  chairman  dr.  truong  gia  binh.  said,  we  are  delighted  to  embark  on  the  next  stage  of  our  partnership  with  fpt  group  at  an  exciting  time  for  the  development  of  the  vietnamese  economy.  allianz  is  wellplaced  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization support  the  protection  needs  of  local  consumers  by  delivering  innovative  digital  insurance  solutions  for  a  demographic  ready  to  adopt  them.  said,  fpt  and  allianz  are  the  perfect  match  to  address  the  needs  of  the  growing  vietnam  market.  allianz  has  the  protection  expertise  to  provide  accessible  and  innovative  insurance  services,  while  fpt  provides  the  local  knowledge  and  a  digital  network  reaching  an  expanding,  educated  and  youthful  population.  our  partnership  is  exciting  for  the  future  growth  potential  of  vietnam,  and  we  look  forward  to  many  successes.  said,  todays  announcement  outlines  our  intention  to  expand  allianzs  worldleading  digital  insurance  products  and  services  into
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vietnam  a  key  emerging  market  and  one  of  the  fastest  growing  economies  in  asia.  fpt  is  the  right  partner  for  allianz  to  enhance  its  ability  to  build  a  strong  market  position  in  the  country,  and  further  underscores  our  ambitious  growth  strategy  in  the  wider  region.  we  look  forward  to  contributing  to  the  continued  development  of  vietnams  fastgrowing  insurance  sector,  boosting  financial  inclusion  for  the  underprotected,  and  reaching  an  expanding  pool  of  digitallyminded  consumers.  as  the  leading  it  corporation  in  vietnam  with  more  than  10  years  of  experience  in  the  insurance  industry,  fpt  is  wellplaced  to  assist  clients  with  endtoend  services,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization which  are  trusted  by  customers  worldwide.  moreover,  fpt  guarantees  an  extensive  ecosystem  with  technology  expertise  in  multiple  industries.  vietnam  is  one  of  the  fastest  growing  economies  in  asia,  with  a  general  insurance  market  which  is  expected  to  experience  robust  growth.  combined  with  vietnams  high  internet  and  mobile  penetration,  the  country  is  well  placed  for  increased  access  to  digital  insurance  solutions.  the  mou  details  both  allianz  and  fpt  groups  intention  to  enter  into  a  jv  agreement  for  the  establishment  of  a  newly  incorporated  general  insurance  company  in  vietnam.  in  line  with  local  regulations,  regulatory  approval  will  be  sought  at  the  appropriate
__label__assetoperationsoptimization time.  fpt  group:  vietnam  linh  pham  84904886885,  allianz:  munich  holger  klotz  49  89  3800  90921,  singapore  sean  ottley  6586140997,  fpt  corporation  is  the  global  leading  technology  and  it  services  group  headquartered  in  vietnam  with  nearly  us2  billion  in  revenue  and  33,000  employees.  fpt  is  a  pioneer  in  digital  transformation  and  delivers  worldclass  services  in  smart  factory,  digital  platforms,  rpa,  ai,  iot,  enterprise  mobility,  cloud,  ar/vr,  embedded  systems,  managed  services,  testing,  platform  modernization,  business  applications,  application  services,  bpo,  and  more.  through  its  management  consulting  and  technology  services  subsidiary,  intellinet,  fpt  provides  business  and  it  strategy,  organizational  change  and  human  capital  leadership,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization program  execution,  customer  experience  humancentric  design,  as  well  as  other  leading  digital  and  technology  solutions.  fpt  has  served  over  500  customers  worldwide,  100  of  which  are  fortune  500  companies  in  the  industries  of  aerospace  aviation,  automotive,  banking  and  finance,  communications,  media  and  services,  logistics  transportation,  utilities,  consumer  packaged  goods,  healthcare,  manufacturing,  public  sector,  technology  and  more.  for  more  information,  please  visit  www.fptsoftware.com  or  www.intellinet.com.  asia  is  one  of  the  core  growth  regions  for  allianz,  characterized  by  a  rich  diversity  of  cultures,  languages  and  customs.  allianz  has  been  present  in  the  region  since  1910,  when  it  first  provided  fire  and  marine
__label__assetoperationsoptimization insurance  in  the  coastal  cities  of  china.  today,  allianz  is  active  in  14  markets  in  the  region,  offering  its  core  businesses  of  property  and  casualty  insurance,  life,  protection  and  health  solutions,  as  well  as  asset  management.  with  its  more  than  32,000  staff,  allianz  serves  the  needs  of  over  18  million  customers  in  the  region  across  multiple  distribution  channels  and  digital  platforms.  the  allianz  group  is  one  of  the  worlds  leading  insurers  and  asset  managers  with  more  than  88million  retail  and  corporate  customers.  allianz  customers  benefit  from  a  broad  range  of  personal  and  corporate  insurance  services,  ranging  from  property,  life  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization health  insurance  to  assistance  services  to  credit  insurance  and  global  business  insurance.  allianz  is  one  of  the  worlds  largest  investors,  managing  over  650billion  euros  on  behalf  of  its  insurance  customers  while  our  asset  managers  allianz  global  investors  and  pimco  manage  an  additional  1.4trillion  euros  of  thirdparty  assets.  thanks  to  our  systematic  integration  of  ecological  and  social  criteria  in  our  business  processes  and  investment  decisions,  we  hold  the  leading  position  for  insurers  in  the  dow  jones  sustainability  index.  in  2017,  over  140,000employees  in  more  than  70countries  achieved  total  revenue  of  126billion  euros  and  an  operating  profit  of  11billion  euros  for  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization group.  category:  news  jan  25,  2019  vietnam  prime  minister  shared  thoughts  with  global  it  corporations  in  world  economic  forum  2019  on  jan  32  jan  24  vietnam  time,  the  worlds  powerful  business  and  political  leaders  descend  on  davos,  switzerland,  as  the  annual  gathering  of  the  world  economic  forum  began.  fpt  group  and  leaders  from  top  24  global  companies  such  as  airbus,  allianz,  facebook,  siemens,  paypal  and  more  assembled  in  the  business  breakfast  with  vietnam  prime  minister  nguyen  xuan  phuc  in  the  framework  of  davos  world  economic  forum  2019.  the  business  breakfast  were  cohosted  by  fpt  group  and  the  ministry  of  information
__label__assetoperationsoptimization communication.  joining  the  prime  minister  were  vietnamese  ministerial  officials  including  the  ministers;  chairman  of  the  office  of  the  government  and  vietnamese  ambassador  of  switzerland.  the  business  breakfastwasjoined  by  leading  vietnamese  firms  fpt  group,  vinacapital,  vingroup  and  viettel  to  discuss  about  the  global  economic  situations  and  opportunities  of  vietnamese  market.  in  the  discussion,  the  prime  minister  emphasised  the  importance  of  the  4.0  industrial  revolution,  as  it  was  not  only  about  technology  but  also  a  policy  revolution.  vietnam  has  launched  the  make  in  vietnam  4.0  program,  which  aims  to  promote  industries  on  the  base  of  new  policies,  management  framework  and  novel  technologies.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization vietnam  is  ready  to  develop  a  policy  framework  to  accept  and  allow  new  technologies,  and  apply  a  strong  partnership  model  to  create  extraordinary,  environmentally  friendly  services  and  products,  in  the  4.0  industrial  revolution.  according  to  voice  of  vietnam,  the  government  aims  to  build  a  digital  ecosystem  with  madeinvietnam  products  and  services.  since  2017,  vietnam  has  made  progress  in  various  campaigns  to  build  an  effective  egovernment,  aiming  for  vietnam  to  become  one  of  the  top  digital  nations.  vietnam  is  ready  to  accompany  you  to  facilitate  and  implement  new  strategies,  programs,  plans  for  promoting  development  in  the  digital  transformation  journey,  thus  building
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  successful  4.0  industry.  the  prime  minister  stressed.  fpt,  as  one  of  6  representatives  from  vietnam,  attend  the  davos  world  economic  forum  to  meet  and  discuss  with  global  giants  from  different  industries.  as  the  cohost  of  the  business  breakfast,  fpt  showed  its  pioneer  position  in  accompanying  major  corporations  in  the  digital  transformation  journey.  with  20  years  of  experiences,  the  company  is  pleased  to  assist  both  global  and  domestic  firms  in  the  4.0  industrial  revolution.  on  the  sidelines  of  the  event,  under  the  witness  of  the  prime  minister,  fpt  allianz,  the  global  insurance  and  financial  group,  had  signed  the  mou  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization establishing  a  joint  venture  in  general  insurance.  world  economic  forum  2019  is  taking  place  in  davos,  switzerland  withthe  theme  of  globalization  4.0:  shaping  a  global  architecture  in  the  age  of  the  fourth  industrial  revolution.  more  than  3,000  participants  from  business,  government,  civil  society,  arts,  culture  and  media  reunite  in  the  swiss  mountain  town  of  davos  for  five  days  on  some  of  the  most  pressing  global  challenges.  category:  news  jan  24,  2019  fpt  embraces  cooperation  opportunities  in  world  economic  forum  2019  today,  the  worlds  powerful  business  and  political  leaders  descend  on  davos,  switzerland,  as  the  annual  gathering  of  the  world  economic
__label__assetoperationsoptimization forum  begins.  around  3,000  participants  from  business,  government,  civil  society,  arts,  culture  and  media  will  reunite  in  the  swiss  mountain  town  of  davos  for  five  days  on  some  of  the  most  pressing  global  challenges.  the  theme  of  this  years  meeting  is  globalization  4.0:  shaping  a  global  architecture  in  the  age  of  the  fourth  industrial  revolution  .  globalization  4.0  and  the  impact  of  novel  technology,  the  future  of  work,  education,  and  social  mobility  are  some  of  the  best  topics  discussed  in  world  economic  forum  2019.  a  whole  new  wave  of  change  is  crashing  on  most  people  in  the  form  of  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization hightech  digital  revolution.  new  enormous  challenges  and  opportunities  are  given  to  enterprises,  especially  to  the  leading  technology  corporations.  as  one  of  six  representatives  from  vietnam,  fpt  group  will  attend  to  in  world  economic  forum  in  promising  the  collaboration  with  giant  corporations  of  different  fields:  banking  finance,  insurance,  healthcare,  etc.  accordingly,  the  signing  ceremony  mou  between  fpt  allianz  will  be  organized  in  the  framework  of  the  in  world  economic  forum  in  davos  under  the  witness  of  vietnams  prime  minister  nguyen  xuan  phuc.  the  two  companies  have  been  cooperating  since  2018.  fpt  group,  as  the  strategic  technology  partner,  will  support  allianz  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  fastgrowing  insurance  market  in  vietnam  to  develop  innovative  digital  insurance  products  and  services  to  meet  the  protection  needs  of  local  customers.  the  allianz  group  is  one  of  the  leading  integrated  financial  services  providers  worldwide.  allianz  group  offer  88  million  customers  in  more  than  70  countries  a  wide  range  of  products,  services,  and  solutions  in  insurance  and  asset  management.  photo  sources:  bloomberg  weforum  category:  news  jan  14,  2019  new  office  opened  in  detroit  a  great  start  of  2019  for  fpt  america  on  january  11,  2019,  fpt  america  fam  will  open  a  new  office  in  detroit,  which  is  known  as  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization automotive  capital  of  the  world.  fpt  software  is  delighted  to  welcome  detroit  as  our  37th  offices  in  the  world,  on  our  20th  year  of  operation.  the  grand  opening  will  be  held  in  the  bustling  downtown  of  detroit  and  is  welcomed  by  fpt  americas  longtime  automotive  customers  and  executives.  with  the  opening  of  the  detroit  office,  fpt  america  expects  to  be  able  to  serve  a  novel  huge  promising  market  and  stretch  closer  to  the  goal  of  fpt  softwares  ideal  target:  to  become  a  worldclass  it  firm.  this  is  an  event  marking  the  beginning  of  fpt  americas  2019  fiscal  year.  it  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization very  delighted  to  see  fam  to  start  operation  in  detroit,  where  we  will  work  even  harder  to  conquer  new  challenges  partnering  with  a  lot  of  worldclass  global  companies  in  the  industry.  lets  stretch  for  a  more  inspiring  dream,  to  become  a  worldclass  it  services  company.  and  with  the  new  office  opening,  we  have  made  our  first  step  of  the  journey,  together.  fpt  software  ceo  pham  minh  tuan  delighted.  detroit  is  the  automotive  capital  of  the  world  and  the  u.s.s  big  3  automobile.  in  detroit,  we  are  serving  the  top  1  automotive  semiconductor  company,  top  1  tier1  vendor  and  we  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization soon  to  close  the  deal  with  top  2  us  car  maker.  the  clients  are  excited  at  our  experience  in  the  automotive  industry  and  huge  opportunities  await  in  the  promising  land.  the  goals  for  the  first  year  of  detroit  are  to  target  3  new  customers  and  to  gain  1.5  million  in  the  first  year.  2019  marks  the  strong  commitment  from  fpt  software  to  bring  more  values  and  worldclass  services  to  our  customers.  detroit  willcontribute  as  a  deciding  factor  in  this  mission  and  offer  more  values  toour  automotive  customers  in  the  region.  for  the  last  10  years,  fpt  has  been  offering  numerous
__label__assetoperationsoptimization solutions  and  services  to  world  s  top  automakers,  equipment  manufacturer,  tier1  suppliers,  and  semiconductor  manufacturers  in  the  automotive  industry.  by  utilizing  extensive  experience  and  accumulated  knowhow  and  employing  a  large  pool  of  talents  including  2,200  experts,  fpt  focuses  on  three  main  areas:  infotainment  and,  smart  applications  and  facilitate  support  for  internet  of  vehicles  in  accordance  with  the  global  standards.  fpt  corporation  established  its  first  representative  office  in  the  us  in  2000,  followed  by  the  us  subsidiary  fpt  america  on  october  13,  2008  and  currently  2018,  has  offices  in  major  us  cities  including  texas,  denver,  los  angeles,  silicon  valley,  renton  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization now  detroit,  providing  it  services  in  various  sectors  such  as  aerospace  aviation,  healthcare,  banking  finance,  telecommunication,  automotive,  etc.  in  2018,  by  joining  force  with  intellinet,  an  usbased  management  consulting  and  technology  services  firm,  the  company  is  expected  to  deliver  comprehensive  digital  transformation  services  for  global  top  companies.  category:  news  jan  05,  2019  happy  new  year  2019:  a  message  from  us  dear  our  valued  customers,  partners  and  friends,  thank  you  for  your  trust,  partnership  and  continuous  support  to  fpt  software  throughout  the  year  of  2018.  we  made  a  strategic  investment  to  become  the  major  shareholder  of  intellinet,  an  usbased  consulting  firm,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  provide  our  customers  worldwide  with  onestop  solutions  that  fully  cover  consultancy,  requirement  analysis,  system  design,  development,  implementation  and  maintenance.  we  became  the  first  asean  headquartered  aws  premier  consulting  partner  for  the  recognized  consultancy  and  mass  migration  competencies  to  customers  worldwide.  we  were  chosen  to  implement  significant  digital  transformation  programs  with  airbus  on  its  aviation  big  data  platform;  with  calrsberg  on  smart  brewery;  with  toshiba  on  iot  solutions  for  manufacturing;  with  shinhan  on  digital  banking  and  fintech;  with  hanwa  on  multi  robot  data  acquisition  and  monitoring  system;  with  siemens  postal,  parcel  airport  logistics  sppal  innovative  software  technology  for  logistics,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization many  more.  we  kept  on  the  growth  rate  of  30  and  continued  the  geographical  expansion  with  36  offices  across  16  countries  to  better  enable  our  customers  with  the  global  delivery  model.  thus,  we  do  not  only  continue  expanding  our  global  footprint  worldwide  to  be  where  our  customers  are,  but  we  also  accumulate  the  best  practices  and  skills  from  our  experience  in  digital  transformation  as  well  as  develop  our  consultancy  forces  to  help  our  customers  faster  identify  feasible  solutions  to  their  pain  points,  to  help  monetize  big  data  in  large  organizations  and  to  powerexecutives  with  datadriven  business.  for  years,  we  have
__label__assetoperationsoptimization been  partnering  with  the  global  technology  disruptors  such  as  aws,  microsoft,  siemens,  and  ge  etc.  thousands  of  fpt  software  engineers  have  been  trained  and  have  early  adopted  these  technologies  to  help  our  clients.  we  invested  in  digital  solutions  to  provide  plug  and  play  it  components  using  a  combination  of  proprietary,  open  source  capability  and  digital  commercial  offerings  from  the  chosen  partners.  from  the  domain  perspective,  fpt  software  has  made  remarkable  organizational  changes  since  1/1/2019  to  formfocused  groups  for  each  vertical  industry  including  manufacturing,  logistics,  banking  and  finance.  the  groups  missions  are  to  leverage  fpt  softwares  domain  expertise  and  capabilities  over
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  last  20  years  to  develop  indepth  competencies,  to  be  closer  to  customers  worldwide  in  the  industry,  so  as  to  cater  theirhighquality  service  offerings  at  a  fast  pace.  we  have  embraced  the  ambition  to  become  the  trusted  digital  enabler  for  our  global  clients.  with  the  significant  change  in  our  organizational  structure  as  well  as  the  strong  focus  on  developing  new  added  services  and  it  solutions,  we  desire  to  help  you,  our  valued  customers,  to  transform  your  business  in  a  fast  and  notable  manner.  together  we  will  be  successful  and  make  2019  a  great  year  once  again,  i  would  like  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization express  my  gratitude  and  appreciation  for  your  ongoing  support.  wish  you  and  your  family  a  happy  and  successful  new  year  yours  sincerely,  pham  minh  tuan  ceo,  fpt  software.  category:  news  dec  25,  2018  fpt  softwares  digital  transformation  service  placed  in  top  10  key  industrial  products  of  hanoi  2018  fpt  softwares  digital  transformation  service,  which  is  one  of  the  two  awarded  information  technology  it  products,  was  honored  in  the  top  10  key  industrial  products  of  hanoi  in  2018.  hanoi  municipal  peoples  committee  recognized  the  key  industrial  products  of  hanoi  in  2018  for  61  products  of  36  enterprises,  with  the  recognition  period
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  3  years  until  2022.  moreover,  10  products  of  9  enterprises  have  been  recognized  by  the  hanoi  municipal  peoples  committee  as  the  top  10  key  industrial  products  of  hanoi  in  2018.  in  the  list  of  61  key  industrial  products  of  hanoi  in  2018,  there  are  13  products  and  services  of  4  it  companies,  including  fpt  software  with  digital  transformation  services,  vnpt  technology  with  gpon  optical  network  equipment;  and  bkav  joint  stock  company  with  bkav  pro  software  and  digital  signature  services.  notably,  fpt  softwares  digital  transformation  service  and  vnpt  technologys  gpon  optical  network  equipment  are  listed  on  the  top  10  list
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  key  industrial  products  of  hanoi  in  2018.  enterprises  recognized  by  hanoi  municipal  peoples  committee  as  the  key  industrial  products  will  be  granted  certificates  of  key  industrial  products  in  hanoi  and  certificate  of  the  top  10  key  industrial  products.  enterprises  are  required  to  promote  and  honor  the  products  widely  on  mass  media  of  hanoi  as  well  as  are  given  priority  to  participate  in  hanois  promoting  programs  an  events  according  to  regulations.  hanoi  municipal  peoples  committee  asked  enterprises  of  which  products  are  recognized  as  key  industrial  products  of  hanoi  to  develop  their  production  and  business  strategies  to  improve  the  technology  production,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization optimize  inputs  and  improve  efficiency,  labor  productivity,  product  quality,  expand  the  domestic  market,  and  meet  the  requirements  of  export  and  international  integration.  since  2017,  digital  transformation  has  become  a  business  direction  of  fpt  software,  to  bring  benefit  to  both  the  customers  and  the  company.  over  the  recent  years,  fpts  capabilities  and  pioneering  position  of  digital  transformation  have  been  proven  by  global  success  stories  such  as:  applying  the  most  uptodate  technologies  on  developing  airbuss  digital  services  platform  skywise,  implementing  internet  of  things  iot,  big  data,  artificial  intelligence  and  data  science  for  vietnams  oil  gas  industry,  etc.  gaining  such  global  accomplishments  has
__label__assetoperationsoptimization entrusted  fpt  as  a  vietnam  focal  point  in  digital  transformation  journey.  earlier  this  year,  by  joining  force  with  intellinet,  an  usbased  management  consulting  and  technology  services  firm,  the  company  is  expected  to  deliver  comprehensive  digital  transformation  services  for  global  top  companies.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  elevator  /  escalator  manufacturer  makes  use  of  the  watson  iot  platform  on  ibm  bluemix  for  predictive  maintenanceto  help  field  technicians  troubleshoot  equipment  malfunctions  before  they  occur.  watson  iot  platform,  ibm  db2  on  cloud,  ibm  global  business  services,  ibm  predictive  maintenance  and  quality,  ibm  api  connect,  kafka,  message  hub,  swift,  node.js,  java,  liberty  for  java,  object  storage,  couchdb  kone  was  founded  in  finland  back  in  1910.  it  is  one  of  the  largest  manufacturer  elevators  and  escalators,  having  52,000  employees  worldwide.  the  company  prides  itself  in  providing  people  flow,  aiming  at  making  peoples  journeys  safe,  convenient,  and  reliable.  by  the  end
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  2016,  the  company  has  reported  an  annual  net  sales  of  8.8  billion.  today,  over  1  billion  people  are  transported  by  kone  elevators  and  escalators  everyday.  kone  elevators  and  escalators  are  installed  in  over  400,000  buildings,  including  some  of  the  most  iconic  structures  in  the  world:  madison  square  garden,  marina  bay  sands,  leadhenhall,  makkah  clock  royal  tower  hotel,  etc.  register  to  view  the  contents  annually,  nyc  office  workers  waste  waiting  for  elevators.  additional  5.9  years  are  spent  stuck  in  an  elevator  shaft.  while  buildings  are  getting  higher,  the  problem  escalates.  it  is  also  accompanied  by  other  issues,  such  as  increased
__label__assetoperationsoptimization energy  consumption,  especially  during  peak  hours.  these  problems  are  especially  important  for  kone,  a  leading  manufacturer  of  elevators  and  escalators  operating  globally.  according  to  ,  ceo  at  kone,  the  company  moves  more  than  one  billion  people  everyday.  but  why  do  people  need  to  spend  their  time  waiting  in  a  broken  elevator?  the  reason  is  that  traditional  equipment  maintenance  is  mostly  calendarbased.  this  means  that  the  equipment  and  its  components  are  serviced  and  replaced  according  to  estimated  times/dates  of  breakdowns.  however,  these  schedules  are  still  approximate,  so  technicians  are  often  called  when  the  malfunction  has  already  happened.  if  the  equipment  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization we  service  is  not  operating,  it  will  have  a  very  significant  impact  on  the  way  cities  work.  henrik  ehrnrooth,  kone  at  the  same  time,  kone  delivered  elevators  and  escalators  to  400,000  buildings  around  the  world.  each  of  these  generates  immense  amount  of  data  over  time,  opening  an  opportunity  to  analyze  equipment  behavior.  with  this  valuable  data,  the  company  realized  it  can  recognize  malfunction  patterns  in  advance  and  take  early  actions.  this  inspired  kone  to  look  for  a  solution  that  would  enable  predictive  maintenance  of  elevators  and  escalators,  reducing  unplanned  stops  and  maximizing  equipment  life  cycle.  there  should  only  be  preventive
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  planned  maintenance  in  the  future,  notes  ,  managing  director  at  kone.  we  should  never  have  unplanned  callouts  anymore.  elevators  need  maintenance  like  any  given  technical  equipment.  jaakko  kaivonen  still,  predictive  analysis  could  also  optimize  the  movement  of  people  between  different  floorsreducing  wasted  timeand  align  elevator  delivery  with  other  events,  such  as  entering  the  hall  or  taxi  arrival.  with  solutions  like  this,  kone  is  aiming  to  provide  smooth  and  safe  movement  in  buildingswithout  waitingthe  concept  that  the  company  refers  to  as  people  flow  .  in  february  2016,  kone  announced  an  agreement  with  ibm  to  create  an  iot  system  able  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization predict  and  respond  to  selected  technical  issues  in  real  time,  with  the  ability  to  run  tests  remotely  and  make  commands  over  the  cloud.  one  year  later,  kone  introduced  as  part  of  its  set  of  apps.  24/7  connected  services  were  built  utilizing  the  watson  iot  platformavailable  through  bluemix,  a  cloud  foundry  distribution  from  ibm.  with  these  analytical  services,  kone  enabled  monitoring  of  elevator  performance  across  200  parameters,  such  as:  on  sending  data  to  a  cloud  in  real  time,  24/7  connected  services  builds  analytical  models  with  ibm  watson,  helping  maintenance  engineers  to  work  out  when  equipment  components  behave  inappropriately.  if  component  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  showing  certain  vibrations,  while  the  temperature  rises  0.5  degrees  in  component  b,  then  it  is  likely  that  component  c  will  break  in  about  5  to  7  days.  watson  analytics  provide  these  types  of  conclusions,  which  has  allowed  kone  to  draw  sets  of  rules  on  how  to  respond  to  the  iot  data  and  generate  maintenance  requests  when  needed.  jaakko  kaivonen,  kone  lets  imagine  an  elevators  door  closes  one  second  slower  than  it  usually  does.  though  this  may  not  be  an  immediate  cause  for  concern,  it  may  be  an  indicator  of  some  malfunction  with  the  doorclosing  mechanism.  the  issue  can  be
__label__assetoperationsoptimization caused  by  dust,  for  instance,  and  may  later  result  in  a  door  stuck  and  the  elevator  going  out  of  service.  to  sort  things  out,  algorithms  rely  on  watson  to  benchmark  performance  of  components  against  other  elevators  in  the  building,  reporting  when  variances  are  detected.  when  a  malfunction  identified  for  a  specific  elevator,  a  maintenance  engineer  will  be  assigned  to  fix  it  before  the  door  gets  actually  stuck.  this  allows  to  address  potential  disruption  at  an  early  stage,  having  the  maintenance  crew  take  an  action  before  the  malfunction  even  occurs.  according  to  ibm,  watson  identifies  the  issue,  the  likely  cause,  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization a  potential  solution.  while  kone  connects  its  devices  using  the  watson  iot  platform,  cloud  foundry  remains  a  key  component.  during  ,  kones  revealed  that  business  logic  and  processes  are  implemented  as  node.js  runtime  applications  on  cloud  foundry.  essentially,  we  are  using  both  the  service  and  application  runtime  aspects  of  cloud  foundry,  noted  fareed.  new  applications  being  developed  by  kone  for  its  maintenance  technicians  and  residential  customers  use  both  opensource  and  bluemix  services.  some  of  the  services  include  kafka,  message  hub,  swift,  node.js,  liberty  for  java,  object  storage,  couchdb,  and  api  connect.  a  lot  of  the  applications  we  are  developing  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization are  used  by  our  maintenance  technicians  and  our  residential  customers  are  based  on  node.js  and  java  runtime  applications.  fareed  ahmed,  kone  the  collaboration  with  ibm  was  not  limited  to  developing  24/7  connected  services.  another  important  initiative  was  enabling  the  partners  of  kone  to  create  their  own  solutions  utilizing  elevator  data.  the  company  aims  to  unify  experience  within  a  building,  reducing  the  fragmentation  of  existing  systems.  previously,  kone  had  to  enable  a  lot  of  integrations  for  each  specific  needwhich  was  tiresome  and  impaired  scalability.  to  facilitate  integration  and  installation  for  both  its  developers  and  partners,  the  company  made  available  to  public.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization delivered  as  rest  apis,  the  solution  features  a  microservicesbased  architecture,  utilizing  bluemix  services.  engaging  ibm  api  connect,  for  instance,  it  made  possible  acessing  elevator  data,  monitoring  equipment,  and  making  .  as  an  example,  the  button  corporation  utilized  the  kone  apis  to  create  .  the  service  allows  for  remotely  calling  a  taxiand  delivering  an  elevator  as  the  car  arrivesat,  literally,  a  press  of  a  button.  the  vendor  offers  a  variety  of  physical  push  buttons  that  can  perform  post/get  requests,  publish  event  feeds  in  json,  trigger  automations,  etc.  another  partner,  has  delivered  an  app  that  enables  residents  to  use  tablet  panelsinstalled  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization building  lobbiesas  virtual  receptionists  when  a  host  is  out.  guests  can  call  the  host  through  the  app,  and  an  elevator  can  be  sent  remotely  to  pick  the  residents.  apart  from  ibm,  kone  also  collaborates  with  another  member  of  the  cloud  foundry  ecosystem  ,  a  european  provider  of  entrance  security  and  access  solutions  for  hotels,  shops,  offices,  etc.  dormakaba  relies  on  swisscom  application  clouda  swissbased  cloud  foundry  distributionto  enable  accessasaservice  for  building  owners.  together,  kone  and  dormakaba  delivered  that  integrates  an  elevator  with  various  control  systems,  customizing  access  for  a  tenant  within  a  building.  this  may  include  showing  only  authorized  floors
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  a  person  in  an  elevator,  as  well  as  other  possible  behavior/access.  kone  states  thatwith  watson  and  bluemixit  already  monitors  data  generated  by  installed  worldwide.  this  includes  in  los  angeles,  which  hosts  around  250  events  and  4  million  people  a  year.  each  event  can  have  over  20,000  guests,  so  preventive  maintenance  is  key  and  that  is  delivered  through  the  kone  services,  which  provide  detailed  performance  history  and  monitoring  of  equipment.  similarly,  ,  a  property  owner  in  sweden  relies  on  kone  to  be  able  to  predict  when  its  equipment  will  break  down  and  fix  the  issues  before  they  occur.  modernizing  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization equipment  in  any  building  can  be  a  challenge  especially  for  hightraffic  venues,  such  as  .  using  kones  escalator  solutions,  the  museum  was  able  to  upgrade  its  existing  equipment  without  having  to  completely  replace  them,  saving  time  in  the  process.  more  recently,  completed  the  first  phase  in  its  plan  to  extend  its  metro  line  in  november  2017.  this  involved  the  construction  of  eight  new  stations  including  the  worlds  first  metro  station  under  sea  at  koivusaari.  kone  delivered  46  elevators,  70  escalators,  and  25  automatic  doors  to  serve  around  100,000  of  commuters  moving  through  the  finnish  capital  daily.  kone  is  also  enabling
__label__assetoperationsoptimization users  to  listen  to  actual  the  companys  elevators  are  having  with  watson  globally.  as  elevators  transmit  raw  data  to  the  cloud,  the  information  is  translated  into  human  language.  anyone  can  listen  to  machine  conversations  of  elevators  located  in  various  countries:  ,  ,  ,  ,  and  among  others.  by  2050,  the  united  nations  estimate  that  over  two  thirds  of  the  worlds  population  .  kone  is  looking  to  stay  ahead  of  urbanization,  using  data  analytics  and  predictive  maintenance  to  improve  people  flow  worldwide.  alex  khizhniak  is  director  of  technical  evangelism  at  altoros  and  a  cofounder  of  belarus  java  user  group.  since  1998,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization he  has  gained  experience  as  a  journalist,  an  editor,  an  it  blogger,  a  tech  writer,  and  a  meetup  organizer.  alex  is  digging  into  iot,  industry  4.0,  data  science,  ai/ml,  and  distributed  systems.  the  articles  he  created  or  helped  to  publish  reached  out  to  1,000,000  techsavvy  readers.  some  of  the  pieces  were  covered  on  techrepublic,  ebizq,  networkworld,  dzone,  etc.  find  him  on  twitter  at  .  altoros  architects  guide  to  implementing  the  cloud  foundry  paas  architects  guide  microservices  vs.  monolithic  architectures:  pros,  cons  cf  examples
__label__assetoperationsoptimization case  study:  using  rich  data  insight  to  drive  proactive,  predictive  maintenance.  is  the  largest  producer  of  elevators  in  the  americas,  providing  and  maintaining  more  than  one  million  elevators  around  the  world.  tke  wanted  to  transition  to  a  more  proactive  and  predictive  maintenance  approach  driven  by  realtime  data  and  rich,  valuable  insight.  was  brought  into  design,  build  and  implement  an  insightdriven  pilot  elevator  monitoring  system  that  leverages  the  latest  internet  of  things  iot  technology  and  is  helping  tke  to  achieve  its  strategic  maintenance  objectives.  tke  had  a  number  of  initiatives  underway  around  the  world  to  enable  remote  monitoring  of  its  elevators.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization however,  none  of  the  solutions  provided  the  data  and  insight  required  to  move  from  a  traditional  reactive  maintenance  approach  to  one  that  is  predictive  and  even  preemptive,  and  all  were  challenged  by  information  overload  issues  that  limited  their  value.  tke  wanted  a  solution  that  would  enable  it  to  anticipate  and  quickly  resolve  maintenance  issues  for  the  majority  of  the  1.2  million  elevators  it  services  across  the  globe.  cgis  development  team  built  a  pilot,  cloudbased  elevator  monitoring  system  using  s  azurebased  intelligent  system  service  iss,  microsofts  azure  maching  learning,  hdinsight  and  our  own  intelligent  enterprise  framework  ief,  which  facilitates  the  rapid
__label__assetoperationsoptimization deployment  of  iot  applications.  integrated  with  tkes  elevator  sensors,  the  system  harnesses  data  from  each  sensor,  processes  the  data  using  business  rules  defined  by  tke,  and  generates  rich  data  insight  using  predictive  analytics.  the  resulting  insight  is  then  made  available  to  supervisors  and  site  technicians  via  two  different  user  interfaces  in  the  form  of  maintenance  alerts,  instructions  and  recommendations.  feedback  from  users  is  integrated  within  the  system,  enabling  it  to  become  more  accurate  over  time.  cgi  worked  with  microsoft  to  develop  predictive  data  models  using  microsofts  machine  learning  azure  service.  years  of  historical  data  from  elevators  across  north  america  were
__label__assetoperationsoptimization analysed  to  generate  sequence  mappings  of  alarms  to  identify  the  root  causes  of  faults.  we  also  partnered  with  to  design  the  user  interfaces,  with  a  focus  on  providing  concise  and  easytoconsume  information  in  a  format  compatible  with  tablet  devices.  andreas  schierenbeck,  ceo,  thyssenkrupp  elevator  the  system  was  implemented  for  a  small  number  of  elevators  run  by  tke  in  the  seattle,  washington  area  in  the  summer  of  2014.  the  pilot  project  was  a  success,  enabling  tke  to  reduce  elevator  downtime  and  improve  resource  planning,  cost  forecasting  and  maintenance  scheduling.  in  turn,  tke  has  been  able  to  provide  a  more  competitive  offering
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  its  customers.  exclusive  offers  for  entry  to  all  the  iot  events  that  matter,  round  the  world  free  access  to  a  huge  selection  of  the  latest  iot  analyst  reports  and  industry  whitepapers  the  latest  iot  news,  as  it  breaks,  to  your  inbox  a  word  about  iot  now  the  first  global  media  brand  of  its  kind,  iot  now  explores  the  evolving  opportunities  and  challenges  facing  enterprises  in  the  adoption  and  deployment  of  iot,  and  we  pass  on  some  lessons  learned  from  those  who  have  taken  the  first  steps  in  next  gen  iot  services.  resources  company  partners  connect  2019  iot  now  internet
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  things  news.  all  rights  reserved  iot  now  online  issn  23972807  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or  you  click  accept  below  then  you  are  consenting  to  this.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization increasing  customer  spending  in  constructing  technicallyadvanced  and  intelligent  structures,  facilitating  high  comfort  safety  features  is  driving  the  .  the  integration  of  connectivity  technology  and  internet  features  into  lifts  is  a  key  ongoing  trend,  which  offers  enhanced  security,  energy  efficiency,  and  alerts  related  to  repair  schedules.  the  intuitive  technologies  integrated  into  new  lifts,  such  as  connectivity  and  smart  grouping,  will  reduce  the  waiting  traveling  time  and  improve  the  overall  commuter  experience,  increasing  their  demand  in  intelligent  buildings.  the  industry  is  also  witnessing  the  adoption  of  cablefree  lifts  that  can  move  vertically  horizontally.  modernization  of  the  lift  systems  in  existing  buildings  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization witnessing  a  steady  demand  in  the  smart  elevators  market  due  to  infrastructure  transformation  initiatives  in  countries  including  the  u.s.,  china,  etc.  the  modernization  services  and  solutions  offered  by  various  companies  such  as  kone,  otis,  etc.,  include  modular  modernization  and  full  elevator  replacement  in  smart  elevator  market.  in  modernization,  the  service  providers  offer  electrification,  hoisting,  car  modernization,  signalization,  etc.,  which  enhance  the  overall  lift  system  and  integrate  intelligent  features.  for  instance,  otis  offers  a  compassplus  solution,  which  is  installed  in  the  elevator  modernization  process  and  further  facilitates  security  integration,  high  passenger  efficiency,  and  customized  lift  design.  the  lift  maintenance  systems  in
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  smart  elevators  market  is  experiencing  a  huge  demand  owing  to  intelligent  features,  passenger  security,  and  reduced  malfunctioning  benefits.  these  maintenance  systems  identify  issues  such  as  unwanted  stops,  slow  speed,  etc.,  and  reactivate  the  elevator  functioning  in  the  shortest  possible  time  in  case  of  breakdowns  and  electricity  cuts.  the  system  notifies  building  authorities  immediately  and  reduces  passengers  stress.  several  maintenance  systems  include  a  mobile  application  that  allows  commuters  to  call  and  lift  tracking  using  their  smartphones.  with  the  help  of  the  application,  passengers  can  receive  guidance  on  the  optimal  cabin,  reducing  their  waiting  time.  the  integration  of  remote  maintenance  systems
__label__assetoperationsoptimization into  intelligent  lifts  allows  the  building  management  to  achieve  less  energy  usage  and  solve  malfunctioning  issues  in  lesser  time,  fostering  the  .  the  north  america  smart  elevators  market  was  valued  at  over  usd  3  billion  in  2018  and  is  developing  rapidly  owing  to  the  construction  of  several  highrise  complex  buildings  across  all  industry  verticals.  the  region  is  showing  a  faster  adoption  due  to  the  presence  of  technically  aware  users  and  high  spending  capacity  on  intelligent  technologies.  high  government  focus  on  deploying  energyefficient  building  solutions  and  reducing  the  overall  carbon  emissions  will  also  lead  to  the  industry  development.  consumers  in  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization u.s.  are  moving  toward  intelligent  building  automation  management  systems  to  gain  safety  and  time  saving  benefits,  creating  a  huge  demand  in  the  smart  elevator  market.  companies  are  enhancing  their  offerings  in  the  north  american  region  to  gain  a  major  customer  base.  the  market  comprises  few  key  players  in  smart  elevator  market  including  kone  oyj,  thyssenkrupp  ag,  schindler  group,  fujitec,  otis  elevator  company,  hyundai  elevator  company,  mitsubishi  elevator,  toshiba  elevators,  etc.  major  are  investing  in  new  solution  development  strategies  that  facilitate  enhanced  customer  comfort  and  experience.  the  companies  are  partnering  with  other  technology  providers  to  offer  better  elevatorrelated  technologies  across  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  the  smart  building  revolution  in  full  effect,  businesses  in  the  commercial  property  sector  are  sensing  opportunity.  property  managers,  corporate  realtors,  and  building  operators  see  the  potential  for  connectedness  on  a  massive  scale,  with  multiple  systems  and  structures  reporting  in  to  a  centralized  dashboard.  but  progress  has  been  slow.  buildings  from  skyscrapers  to  shopping  malls  contain  vast  arrays  of  discrete  mechanical  and  electrical  devices:  hvac  units,  lighting  and  temperature  controls,  generators,  elevators  and  escalators,  and  security  systems.  each  of  these  items  has  separate  power  needs,  certification  levels,  and  safety  requirements.  connecting  them  often  requires  a  custombuilt  system  that  is  costly
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  cumbersome.  meanwhile,  architects  and  builders  are  continuing  to  innovatewith  more  buildings  achieving  leed  certification  and  netzero  energy  consumptionand  more  customers  are  demanding  environmentally  friendly  offices  and  homes.  to  reduce  overall  power  consumption,  keep  pace  with  market  demand,  and  gain  better  insight  into  their  operations,  buildingrelated  businesses  are  in  search  of  a  comprehensive  nextgeneration  solution.  wind  river  helix  device  cloud  enables  large  commercial  customers  to  connect  thousands  of  edge  devices  to  a  single  system.  using  this  stateoftheart  device  management  platform,  the  diverse  systems  inside  a  building  can  be  linked  together,  monitored,  managed,  and  updated  securely  and  remotelyall  from  a  centralized
__label__assetoperationsoptimization dashboard.  issues  are  detected  immediately  and  upgrades  pushed  out  instantaneously.  with  the  addition  of  wind  river  titanium  control,  many  standard  processes  in  a  building  can  be  completely  virtualized.  certain  highlevel  control  systems  and  sensors  now  become  100  digital.  that  means  more  security,  since  systems  failover  into  software  mode,  as  well  as  lower  costs,  as  devices  are  tuned  to  operate  more  efficiently.  because  titanium  control  acts  as  an  onpremises  cloud,  data  across  an  entire  buildingor  even  a  network  of  buildingscan  be  aggregated,  analyzed,  and  acted  on  in  real  time.  data  coming  from  light  switches,  air  conditioning  units,  elevator  panels,  temperature  detectors,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  motion  sensors  can  be  consolidated  to  help  an  operation  optimize  its  physical  assets,  improving  services  for  customers  while  increasing  shareholder  value.  innovations  can  be  incorporated  quickly.  the  operating  system  for  these  devices  is  invariably  vxworks  ,  the  companys  flagship  product.  in  use  by  more  than  2  billion  embedded  computing  devices  around  the  world,  it  offers  realtime  deterministic  performance  and  the  highest  levels  of  safety  and  security.  and  a  smart  building  becomes  part  of  something  much  larger:  a  smart  network.  the  worlds  leading  oil  companies  and  energy  producers  will  achieve  unprecedented  efficiency  by  virtualizing  the  control  systems  in  refineries  and
__label__assetoperationsoptimization power  plants,  permanently  reducing  the  cost  of  upgrades.  food  and  beverage  producers,  pharmaceutical  companies,  and  other  major  manufacturers  can  tap  into  the  next  generation  of  robust  remote  applications  to  gain  higher  levels  of  complex  process  automation.  healthcare  companies,  hospital  networks,  and  individual  physicians  will  leverage  the  power  of  onpremises  cloud  networks  to  provide  better  care,  consolidate  medical  systems,  and  practice  predictive  medicine.  logistics  firms  involved  in  shipping,  trucking,  and  delivery  will  leverage  improvements  in  fleet  management,  tracking,  and  service  chaining  to  optimize  their  operations.  airport  operators,  rail  companies,  and  manufacturers  will  discover  innovative  ways  to  improve  the  passenger  experience,  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization well  as  vehicle  performance,  safety,  scheduling,  and  security.  trust  systemcritical  devices  to  the  industrys  leading  operating  system,  offering  scalability,  security,  and  realtime  performance.  virtualize  an  industrial  data  center  with  the  first  fully  integrated,  featurecomplete  network  software  virtualization  platform.  more  industries  are  discovering  the  benefits  of  a  virtualized,  flexible  architecture.  learn  how  yoga  tiny  allows  service  providers  to  offer  robust  and  secure  smart  home  capabilities.  top  wind  river  technology  leaders  share  the  latest  breakthroughs  in  virtualization.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  analyst  firms  forecasting  exabytes  of  iotrelated  network  traffic  by  the  mid2020s  and  billions  of  iot  devices  projected  to  be  connected,  its  clear  that  iot  networks  need  to  be  optimised  to  minimise  the  impact  of  iot  traffic  on  other  services  using  cellular  networks  and  to  ensure  maximised  utilisation  of  network  resources  on  other  types  of  networks.  the  application  traffic  is  only  part  of  the  challenge,  the  number  of  devices  involved  in  iot  will  mean  a  radical  increase  in  the  volume  of  nonapp  related  traffic  as  devices  send  messages  in  the  control  plane  of  networks.  managing  networks  for  iot  is  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization different  discipline  to  that  of  smartphone  networks  because  of  the  different  profile  of  iot  traffic  which  is  subject  to  pronounced,  yet  predictable  peaks  and  troughs.  sensor  networks,  for  example,  may  communicate  on  the  hour,  every  hour,  but  other  apps  such  as  connected  car  services  might  put  more  stress  on  the  network  if  traffic  becomes  bunched  up  in  a  jam.  optimisation  is  therefore  a  critical  goal  and  organisations  are  looking  to  ensure  they  can  optimise  as  iot  services  mature  and  the  mass  market  of  billions  of  devices  emerges.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization brought  to  you  by  the  internet  was  initially  used  to  transfer  data  packets  between  users  and  data  sources  with  a  specific  ip  address.  due  to  advancements,  the  internet  is  being  used  to  share  data  among  different  small,  resource  constrained  devices  connected  in  billions  to  constitute  the  internet  of  things  iot.  a  large  amount  of  data  from  these  devices  imposes  overhead  on  the  iot  network.  hence,  it  is  required  to  provide  solutions  for  various  network  related  problems  in  iot  including  routing,  energy  conservation,  congestion,  heterogeneity,  scalability,  reliability,  quality  of  service  qos  and  security  to  optimally  make  use  of  the  available  network.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  this  paper,  a  comprehensive  survey  on  the  network  optimization  in  iot  is  presented.  the  paper  draws  an  attention  towards  the  background  of  iot  and  its  distinction  with  other  technologies,  discussion  on  network  optimization  in  iot  and  algorithms  classification.  finally,  stateofthearttechniques  for  iot  in  particular  to  network  optimization  are  discussed  based  on  the  recent  works  and  the  review  is  concluded  with  open  issues  and  challenges  for  network  optimization  in  iot.  this  paper  not  only  reviews,  compares  and  consolidates  the  recent  related  works,  but  also  admires  the  authors  findings,  solutions  and  discusses  its  usefulness  towards  network  optimization  in  iot.  the  uniqueness
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  this  paper  lies  in  the  review  of  network  optimization  issues  and  challenges  in  iot.  peer  review  under  responsibility  of  karabuk  university.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  network  optimization  is  increasingly  gaining  relevance  due  to  the  expected  huge  increase  in  internet  of  thingsrelated  traffic  in  the  coming  years  as  billions  of  iot  devicesare  connected  to  global  networks.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree  in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization next  webinar  planning  and  optimizing  5g  and  4g  networks  with  atoll  live  the  iot  allows  objects  to  be  sensed  and  controlled  remotely  across  existing  network  infrastructure,  creating  opportunities  for  more  direct  integration  of  the  physical  world  into  computerbased  systems.  thanks  to  the  huge  addressing  capabilities  of  ipv6,  each  thing  is  uniquely  identifiable  and  is  able  to  interoperate  within  the  existing  internet  infrastructure.  experts  estimate  that  the  iot  will  consist  of  almost  50  billion  objects  by  2020.  devices  may  be  connected  to  the  internet  over  a  regular  wireline  connection,  wifi  or  cellular,  or  through  low  power  wide  area  lpwa  wireless  technologies
__label__assetoperationsoptimization designed  for  the  iot.  lpwa  technologies  allow  to  build  wide  area  narrowband  networks  to  connect  objects  through  lowcost  batterybased  communications  units.  a  number  of  lpwa  technologies  are  available  today  to  build  and  operate  low  power  wide  area  networks  lpwan,  such  as  lora,  sigfox,  wireless  mbus,  and  others.  nbiot  is  a  standard  defined  by  3gpp  that  provides  mobile  operators  with  a  natural  path  towards  iot  through  an  ltebased  low  power  wide  area  technology.  one  of  the  primary  aspects  of  lpwan  planning  is  to  find  the  bestsuited  site  locations  for  gateways.  and  the  module  allow  operators  to  plan  and  optimise  lpwa  networks
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  to  determine  the  best  sites  according  to  coverage,  overlapping,  and  other  lpwaspecific  design  and  optimisation  objectives.  fully  models  nbiot  and  allows  operators  to  plan  and  optimise  nbiot  networks  as  independent  deployments  or  as  an  integrated  layer  within  an  lte  network.  the  atoll  nbiot  acp  automatic  cell  planning  module  allows  operators  to  select  the  best  sites  according  to  nbiotspecific  design  and  optimisation  objectives.  the  atoll  lte  module  enables  planning  and  optimising  iot  networks  based  on  the  lte  emtc  standard  using  categorym  devices.  subscribe  to  our  atoll  newsletter  and  be  advised  when  a  new  webinar  is  scheduled.  atoll  5g  capabilities  atoll
__label__assetoperationsoptimization 5g  nr  module  allows  operators  to  plan  and  optimise  5g  networks  based  on  the  3gpp  specifications.  if  you  are  looking  to  explore  your  potential  and  expand  your  capabilities,  take  a  look  at  our  career  opportunities  below  to  receive  the  latest  news  and  updates
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  internet  of  things  is  set  to  be  the  next  big  thing  in  the  wireless  industry.  this  connection  can  be  everything  from  smart  homes  and  cargo  containers  to  tractors,  traffic  sensors  and  entire  cities.  iot  promises  to  make  the  world  a  more  efficient,  cleaner  and  safer  place,  and  net  trillions  of  dollars  for  companies  that  incorporate  it  into  their  business.  however,  an  evolution  in  telecommunications  networks  supporting  iot  optimization  is  a  necessary  next  step.  while  traditional  wireless  networks  have  been  built  into  a  range  of  onesizefitsall  options  utilizing  2g,  3g,  lte  and  wifi  with  limited  crosssystem  integration,  iot  optimization  means
__label__assetoperationsoptimization networks  will  need  to  be  designed  and  built  around  the  specifications  of  the  iot  user.  those  specifications  will  determine  how  the  iot  network  utilizes  the  various  transmitting  options  at  its  disposal.  an  iot  platform,  depending  on  scale,  can  be  built  to  utilize  one  highly  efficient,  dedicated  iot  network  or  can  leverage  any  of  the  other  telecom  infrastructure  including  2g,  3g,  wifi,  bluetooth  or  lte,  based  on  where  it  is  and  the  most  effective  way  to  transmit  its  information.  the  key  to  successful  iot  optimization  is  the  ability  to  always  find  a  connection  when  one  is  needed.  some  devices  will  need
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  stay  on  more  than  others;  a  factory  robot  sensor  will  need  to  be  turned  on  eight  hours  a  day  at  least,  while  a  shipping  container  tracker  might  only  need  to  send  a  ping  once  every  12  hours.  when  that  ping  needs  to  be  made  the  sensor  needs  some  way  to  transmit,  otherwise  its  data  isnt  uploaded  and  the  entire  purpose  of  iot  is  defeated.  offering  customizable  packages  has  long  been  a  staple  of  the  telecom  industry.  in  order  to  secure  success  in  the  iot  optimization  space,  companies  need  to  be  able  to  deliver  customizable  iot  solutions  with  modular  systems.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot,  like  any  business,  is  all  about  costeffectiveness;  it  isnt  costeffective  for  iot  providers  to  design  the  entire  iot  hardware  and  software  set  from  the  ground  up  for  each  client.  instead,  companies  will  need  to  focus  on  making  software  easily  customizable  and  hardware  as  modular  as  possible.  att,  one  of  the  american  companies  in  the  field  of  iot,  is  currently  working  on  that  approach,  looking  to  its  existing  network  to  find  iot  solutions.  in  the  smart  cities  arena,  is  applying  a  traffic  management  solution,  which  shows  a  macro  view  of  the  movement  of  people  in  a  city  throughout  the  day.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization all  of  those  people  have  smartphones  and  many  are  att  customers  whose  phones  are  pinging  towers.  atts  iot  optimization  efforts  include  a  global  sim,  which  the  company  unveiled  in  2012.  the  global  sim  utilizes  global  roaming  to  tap  into  the  worlds  existing  telecom  networks,  providing  cost  control  over  roaming  charges.  because  iot  is  so  ubiquitous  and  useful  across  so  many  different  industries,  iot  optimization  is  also  a  highly  flexible  and  customizable  concept.  ultimately,  however,  iot  optimization  means  using  data  to  create  the  most  effective,  dependable  and  durable  network  of  sensors,  at  the  most  costeffective  price  with  the  hopes  of  leveraging
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  most  useful  data  possible.  with  a  potential  market  value  in  the  trillions,  companies  like  att,  ibm  and  cisco  are  sinking  substantial  investment  into  their  iot  businesses.  source:http://ow.ly/thaog  to  enhance  our  customers  business  processes  and  infrastructure  with  exponential  technologies  that  will  result  in  a  positive  transformation  of  their  operations  privacy  policy
__label__assetoperationsoptimization we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  tip:  tip:
__label__assetoperationsoptimization search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  one  of  the  strengths  of  internet  of  things  iot  technology  is  that  it  can  do  so  many  things  well.  from  smart  toothbrushes  to  predictive  maintenance  on  jetliners,  the  iot  has  more  use  cases  than  you  can  count.  the  result  is  that  various  iot  uses  cases  require  optimization  for  particular  characteristics,  from  cost  to  speed  to  long  life,  as  well  as  myriad  others.  but  in  a  recent  post,  which  you
__label__assetoperationsoptimization should  definitely  read,  the  alwaysinsightful  stacy  higginbotham  tossed  in  a  line  that  i  cant  stop  thinking  about:  its  crucial  that  the  iot  optimizes  for  trust.  higginbotham  was  talking  about  optimizing  for  trust  as  opposed  to  clicks,  but  really,  trust  is  more  important  than  just  about  any  other  value  in  the  iot.  its  more  important  than  bandwidth  usage,  more  important  than  power  usage,  more  important  than  cost,  more  important  than  reliability,  and  even  more  important  than  security  and  privacy  though  they  are  obviously  related.  in  fact,  trust  is  the  critical  factor  in  almost  every  aspect  of  the  iot.  dont  believe  me?
__label__assetoperationsoptimization lets  take  a  quick  look  at  some  recent  developments  in  the  field:  for  one  thing,  iot  devices  often  dont  take  good  care  of  the  data  they  collect  from  you.  over  90  of  data  transactions  on  iot  devices  are  not  fully  encrypted,  according  to  a  new  .  the  ,  apparently,  is  that  many  companies  have  large  numbers  of  consumergrade  iot  devices  on  their  networks.  in  addition,  many  iot  devices  are  attached  to  the  companies  general  networks,  and  if  that  network  is  breached,  the  iot  devices  and  data  may  also  be  compromised.  in  some  cases,  ownership  of  iot  data  can  raise  surprisingly
__label__assetoperationsoptimization serious  trust  concerns.  according  to  ,  smartphone  sleep  apps,  as  well  as  smart  beds  and  smart  mattress  pads,  gather  amazingly  personal  information:  it  knows  when  you  go  to  sleep.  it  knows  when  you  toss  and  turn.  it  may  even  be  able  to  tell  when  youre  having  sex.  and  while  companies  such  as  sleep  number  say  they  dont  share  the  data  they  gather,  their  written  privacy  policies  clearly  state  that  they  can  .  in  california,  meanwhile,  lawmakers  are  pushing  for  new  privacy  rules  affecting  smart  speakers  such  as  the  amazon  echo.  according  to  the  ,  the  idea  is  to  ensure  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  devices  dont  record  private  conversations  without  permission,  requiring  a  specific  optin  process.  why  is  this  an  issue?  because  consumersand  their  elected  representativesdont  trust  that  amazon,  or  any  iot  vendor,  will  do  the  right  thing  with  the  data  it  collects  from  the  iot  devices  it  sellsperhaps  because  it  turns  out  that  thousands  of  saying  to  their  echo  devices.  the  trust  issues  get  even  trickier  when  you  consider  that  amazon  reportedly  considered  letting  alexa  listen  to  users  even  without  a  wake  word  like  alexa  or  computer,  and  is  reportedly  working  on  from  listening  to  your  voice.  the  trust  has  been  breached,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization said  california  assemblyman  jordan  cunningham  rtempleton  to  the  la  times  .  as  critics  of  the  bill  point  out,  the  restrictions  matter  because  voice  assistants  require  this  data  to  improve  their  ability  to  correctly  understand  and  respond  to  requests.  perhaps  recognizing  that  the  iot  needs  to  be  optimized  for  trust  so  that  we  are  comfortable  letting  it  do  its  job,  amazon  recently  introduced  a  new  alexa  voice  command:  .  moves  like  that,  while  welcome,  will  likely  not  be  enough.  for  example,  a  suggests  that  voice  assistants  reinforce  harmful  gender  stereotypes  when  using  femalesounding  voices  and  names  like  alexa  and  siri.  put
__label__assetoperationsoptimization simply,  siris  female  obsequiousnessand  the  servility  expressed  by  so  many  other  digital  assistants  projected  as  young  womenprovides  a  powerful  illustration  of  gender  biases  coded  into  technology  products,  pervasive  in  the  technology  sector  and  apparent  in  digital  skills  education.  im  not  sure  iot  vendors  are  eageror  equippedto  tackle  issues  like  that.  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__assetoperationsoptimization please  join  the  and  our  generous  in  supporting  arxiv  during  our  giving  campaign  september  2327.  100  of  your  contribution  will  fund  improvements  and  new  initiatives  to  benefit  arxivs  global  scientific  community.  donate  secure  site,  no  need  to  create  account  v1  arxiv  is  a  registered  trademark  of  cornell  university.  if  you  have  a  disability  and  are  having  trouble  accessing  information  on  this  website  or  need  materials  in  an  alternate  format,  contact  for  assistance.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization with  the  introduction  of  commercial  iot  networks,  our  broad  range  of  offerings  for  cellular  technology  is  complemented  with  network  services  for  massive  iot  over  lte  ran.  the  result  is  a  complete  set  of  services  and  products  that  makes  it  possible  to  create  the  best  solution  for  massive  iot.  iot  devices  are  anticipated  to  surpass  mobile  phones  as  the  largest  category  of  connected  devices  as  early  as  2018;  .  this  heavy  uptake  requires  a  different  approach,  compared  to  traditional  mobile  broadband  networks.  to  meet  the  challenges  of  the  ascending  plethora  of  iot  sensors,  the  network  services  for  massive  iot  is  built
__label__assetoperationsoptimization upon  partnership.  our  team  will  partner  with  you  and  enable  you  to  leverage  your  existing  lte  installed  base  to  become  an  iot  platform.  the  team  will  enable  a  smooth  introduction  of  the  ,  by  in  your  existing  network.  as  the  technology  is  introduced  and  the  software  is  deployed  on  your  network,  we  extend  our  portfolio  offering  to  with  a  zerodefectnetworkvision.  our  team  can  also  take  a  complete  ownership  of  managing  the  networks  for  you,  and  through  our  advanced  ,  we  can  help  you  manage  the  cost.  let  massive  iot  become  reality  and  capitalize  on  its  new  use  cases.  in  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization online  live  webinar  ericssons  mohit  malhan,  marketing  manager  for  massive  iot  services,  and  stevan  filipovic,  head  of  network  design  and  optimization,  will  present  our  new  network  services  supporting  telecom  operators  to  bring  massive  iot  into  reality.the  webinar  will  be  run  twice  on  august  23rd.  peter  laurin,  head  of  business  area  managed  services  our  products  enabling  catm1  also  called  ltem  and  nbiot  are  commercially  available  now.  new  features,as  functionalities  like  volte  support  for  catm1,  have  been  added  enabling  operators  to  explore  new  use  cases.  high  quality  ran  designs  for  massive  iot  that  address  both  coverage  and  capacity  dimensioning  for  the  selected
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iot  technology  and  its  use  cases.  software  introduction  to  the  existing  ran  base  and  securing  that  the  selected  package  features  perform  and  is  configured  with  emphasis  on  performance.  holistic  approach  to  handle  increasing  complexity  and  workload  caused  by  significant  growth  of  connected  devices,  enabling  network  operations  to  be  proactive.  cognitive,  automated  machine  learning  algorithms  are  being  deployed  in  our  network  operations  centers.  these  algorithms  replacetodays  manually  configured  solutions;  a  game  changer  for  iot  event  and  incident  management.  full  presentation:  our  holistic  network  offeringmassive  iot  case  study:  connected  factorypress  release:  ericsson  launches  network  services  for  massive  iotpress  release:  ericsson  supports  softbanks
__label__assetoperationsoptimization evaluate  and  prepare  your  network  for  iot  communication  service  providers  csp  have  a  key  role  to  play  in  driving  iot  adoption.  while  the  iot  strategy  for  each  csp  can  be  different  connectivity  provider  /  service  enabler  /  endtoend  service  provider,  it  is  essential  that  the  network  at  the  heart  of  all  three  strategies  meets  the  performance  and  reliability  requirements  of  an  iot  world  while  minimizing  total  cost  of  ownership,  making  the  iot  business  case  viable.  nokia  iot  readiness  services  helps  operators  assess  their  networks  ability  to  support  iot  models,  identify  gaps  and  then  develop  a  transformation  roadmap  leading  to  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization highperformance  iotoptimized  network.  we  use  machine  learning  techniques  to  identify  existing  iot  traffic  in  the  network.  this  includes  defining  the  traffic  type  and  position  of  different  iot  sensors  in  the  network.  this  is  an  important  prerequisite  for  later  optimization  steps  where  the  existing  iot  traffic  is  migrated  to  specific  network  layers  purposebuilt  to  handle  iot.  nokia  iot  readiness  services  looks  at  all  facets  of  the  network,  including  spectrum  strategy  to  optimize  the  need  for  additional  spectrum,  as  well  as  the  coverage  and  capacity  requirements  needed  to  handle  the  scale  of  iot  traffic.  our  inhouse  tools  and  simulation  techniques  enable  us
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  simultaneously  optimize  both  traditional  cellular  and  iotspecific  networks  .  capex  and  opex  modelling  tools  developed  by  bell  labs  help  optimize  transport  layer  requirements,  while  our  smart  architecture  recommendations  incorporate  iotenabled  features,  and  modified  parameters,  to  augment  capacity  only  where  required.  our  service  launch  readiness  module  takes  an  endtoend  service  testing  approach  to  finetune  the  network  parameters  for  specific  iot  services  which  the  csp  is  looking  to  launch.  according  to  451  research  voice  of  the  enterprise  survey:  internet  of  things,  49.7  of  the  respondents  listed  security  as  one  of  the  key  impediments  for  widespread  iot  adoption.  our  security  assessment  module
__label__assetoperationsoptimization helps  csps  create  a  security  wall  around  the  network  to  protect  against  malware,  distributed  denial  of  service  attacks  e.g.  mirai  and  other  breaches.  proactive  measures  include  threat  intelligence  assessment,  and  even  penetration  testing  where  nokia  experts  use  a  white  hat  approach  to  identify  security  vulnerabilities  in  the  network.  we  also  help  define  a  transformation  roadmap  describing  the  technology  evolution  to  the  cloud  and  architectural  recommendations  for  distributed  edge  processing  as  the  iot  business  scales  exponentially.  the  services  are  uniquely  multivendor  and  multitechnology.  they  cover  both  3gpp  lte,  ltem,  nbiot  as  well  as  unlicensed  technologies  like  lora  the  services  focus  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  operators  key  need  of  optimizing  cost/bit  of  iot  connectivity  through  iotfocused  migration  strategies,  spectrum  requirement  optimization,  smart  capacity  augmentation,  and  recommendations  for  an  endtoend  optimized  for  iot  network  architecture  the  scope  covers  essential  spectrum,  coverage,  capacity,  security  and  use  case  requirements  from  an  endtoend  network  perspective  additionally,  we  help  operators  chart  the  right  evolution  path  towards  the  iotenabled  cloud  and  distributed  computingbased  network  architecture  to  handle  the  scale  of  forecasted  iot  traffic,  cater  to  qos  requirements  and  reduce  cost  to  transport  iot  traffic  qosbased  priority  iotconnectivity  services  can  be  differentially  charged  while  addressing  new  enterprise  iot  markets  reduced  tco
__label__assetoperationsoptimization through  smart  capacity  augmentation,  spectrum  strategy  and  iot  traffic  identification  and  migration  eliminate  coverage  holes,  minimize  interference  and  address  capacity  requirements  to  handle  traffic  and  signalling  load  a  definitive  roadmap  for  iot  network  transformation  reduces  risks  and  accelerates  timetomarket  get  the  latest  news  from  nokia  delivered  straight  to  your  inbox.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  by  now  very  close  to  be  realized,  leading  the  world  towards  a  new  technological  era  where  peoples  lives  and  habits  will  be  definitively  revolutionized.  furthermore,  the  incoming  5g  technology  promises  significant  enhancements  concerning  the  quality  of  service  qos  in  mobile  communications.  having  billions  of  devices  simultaneously  connected  has  opened  new  challenges  about  network  management  and  data  exchange  rules  that  need  to  be  tailored  to  the  characteristics  of  the  considered  scenario.  a  large  part  of  the  iot  market  is  pointing  to  lowpower  widearea  networks  lpwans  representing  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization infrastructure  for  several  applications  having  energy  saving  as  a  mandatory  goal  besides  other  aspects  of  qos.  in  this  context,  we  propose  a  lowpower  iotoriented  file  synchronization  protocol  that,  by  dynamically  optimizing  the  amount  of  data  to  be  transferred,  limits  the  device  level  of  interaction  within  the  network,  therefore  extending  the  battery  life.  this  protocol  can  be  adopted  with  different  layer  2  technologies  and  provides  energy  savings  at  the  iot  device  level  that  can  be  exploited  by  different  applications.  the  internet  of  things  has  now  become  reality  and  is  expected  to  have  by  the  2020s  over  a  billion  devices  connected  to
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  internet,  everywhere,  at  any  time  .  smart  homes,  wearable  devices,  smart  cities,  health  care,  transportation,  and  farming  represent  just  few  reference  scenarios  where  the  application  of  iotbased  models  would  be  successful.  the  goal  of  iot  is  to  realize  an  environment  within  which  things  are  uniquely  identified  and  able  to  interact  with  one  another  through  the  exchange  of  information.  moreover,  the  development  of  this  new  paradigm  has  been  sped  up  thanks  to  incoming  5g  technology  that  will  provide  ultimate  performance  in  terms  of  data  rates,  latency,  and  network  coverage.  therefore,  the  concept  of  connectivity  among  devices  will  soon  be  completely
__label__assetoperationsoptimization revolutionized.  providing  good  performance  is  paramount  when  dealing  with  mobile  communications  and,  ingeneral,  with  realtime  services  that  request  high  data  rates  and  low  latency.  however,  thereare  many  other  application  scenarios  where  the  sporadic  interaction  among  devices  makes  energy  saving  the  main  aspect  to  take  care  of.  in  this  regard,  bluetooth  low  energy,  zigbee,  and  lowpower  wifi  will  be  used  in  a  large  part  of  the  socalled  consumer  iot  ciot  market  that  refers  to  all  those  applications  aiming  to  improve  citizen  life  quality.  specifically,  the  technologies  cited  above  are  tailored  to  personal  area  networks  pans  as  they  essentially  provide  singleuser  coverage
__label__assetoperationsoptimization area.  theinternet  engineering  task  force  ietf  has  recently  standardized  several  iotoriented  protocols,  such  as  the  one  considering  the  use  of  ipv6  over  lowpower  wireless  personal  area  networks  identified  as  6lowpan  ,  .  several  devices  especially  employed  for  health  and  fitness  activity  monitoring  have  been  already  implemented  with  the  6lowpan  protocol  suite  and  launched  into  the  market.  in  parallel  to  the  ciot,  the  world  of  industrial  iot  iiot  has  been  recently  rising.  the  iiot  collects  those  scenarios  where  information  technologies  are  integrated  into  industrial  and  public  facilities  contexts,  to  make  activity  management  and  monitoring  more  efficient  .  as  with  ciot,  many
__label__assetoperationsoptimization iiot  applications  are  characterized  by  limited  device  mobility  and  sporadic  data  transmission,  but  on  the  other  hand  a  wider  coverage  area  than  in  panbased  services  is  requested.  the  satisfaction  of  these  requirements  has  been  achieved  through  the  development  of  specific  radio  access  technologies,  referred  to  as  lowpower  widearea  networks  lpwans,  that  best  match  the  features  of  iiot.  several  standards  and  vendors  in  the  field  of  lpwans  have  emerged  during  the  last  decade  .  thefirst  one  was  sigfox  that  in  2009  presented  on  the  market  its  ultranarrow  band  unb  patented  technology.  a  few  years  later,  lora  alliance  standardized  the  lorawan  networking
__label__assetoperationsoptimization protocol  for  lpwans  exploiting  a  chirp  spread  spectrum  cssbased  technology  developed  and  provided  by  the  semtech  corporation  .  the  third  main  potential  solution  offered  on  the  market  is  narrowbandiot  nbiot,  representing  the  result  of  a  3gpp  3rd  generation  partnership  project  standardization  process  begun  in  2014  and  currently  approaching  its  release  15  .  the  nbiot  features  originate  from  the  lte  framework,  with  the  employed  frequency  bands  that  are  part  of  the  lte  and  gsm  spectrum  .  this  is  one  of  the  marked  differences  with  sigfox  and  lora  which,  on  the  other  hand,  share  the  unlicensed  ism  spectrum.  however,  each  technology  provides
__label__assetoperationsoptimization different  performances  .  thanks  to  their  characteristics,  lpwans  have  been  recognized  as  particularly  fitting  for  the  iot  context,  especially  with  respect  to  emerging  scenarios  such  as  remote  health  and  industrial  monitoring,  smart  cities  and  living.  as  shown  in  ,  different  kinds  of  activities  and  measurements  can  be  considered  for  each  specific  environment,  therefore  the  use  of  technology  that  is  as  flexible  and  scalable  as  possible  is  fundamentalto  providing  good  network  performance.  typical  iot  lpwans  use  cases.  healthcare  industry  smart  cities  smart  buildings  and  living  in  medical  applications,  healthcare  remote  monitoring  represents  a  promising  solution  to  facilitate  the  interaction  between  patients
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  doctors.  in  fact,  parameters  such  as  blood  pressure,  temperature,  or  respiratory  rate  can  be  easily  measured  at  home  by  patients  through  medical  wearable  devices,  and  then  sent  to  a  cloud  server  to  make  them  available  to  hospital  personnel  at  any  time  ,  .  monitoring  activity  also  concerns  industry,  where  production  line  control,  inventory  tracking  and  many  other  tasks  can  be  performed  in  an  automated  and  remote  fashion.  finally,  smart  environment  applications  collect  a  wide  range  of  activities  to  be  handled,  from  traffic  control,  pollution  monitoring  and  waste  management  in  cities,  to  indoor  lighting  and  climate  control,  energy  and  water
__label__assetoperationsoptimization use  in  buildings  .  overall,  the  diversity  and  specificity  of  each  introduced  application  results  in  a  largely  variable  exchanged  data  traffic  volume.  by  looking,  for  instance,  at  the  medical  scenario,  the  data  outputs  of  devices  measuring  blood  pressure  and  heart  rate  are  typically  in  the  order  of  tens  of  bytes  .  however,  since  these  kinds  of  measurements  are  performed  many  times  a  day,  it  is  possible  to  reach  a  daily  aggregate  data  volume  up  to  hundreds  of  bytes.  on  the  other  hand,  processes  such  as  electrocardiography  ecg  are  more  sporadic,  but  they  can  generate  a  large  amount  of  information  up
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  dozens  of  kilobytes  .  therefore,  handling  heterogeneous  networks  necessarily  requests  an  efficient  management  of  heterogeneous  data.  the  main  aspect  characterizing  lpwans  is  the  restrained  power  consumption  that  brings  benefits  in  terms  of  battery  life  extension,  especially  for  mobile  entities.  on  the  other  hand,  the  limited  rate  makes  data  transmission  slower  than  in  other  technologies,  so  devices  may  be  forced  to  remain  connected  for  a  long  time.  energy  saving  strictly  depends  on  how  long  devices  stay  active  within  the  network,  therefore  this  issue  may  become  very  challenging  in  those  iot  applications  that  consider  low  interaction  among  entities.  specifically,  the  problem
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  power  consumption  in  iot  lpwans  can  be  identified  at  the  following  levels:  network  access  and  interference:  some  technologies  such  as  nbiot  work  according  to  a  randomaccess  procedure  where  a  sequence  of  signaling  messages  is  sent  by  the  user  asking  for  the  channel  resources.this  mechanism  may  request  nonnegligible  power  since,  if  the  channel  is  busy  for  a  long  time,  the  number  of  signaling  messages  to  be  generated  will  increase.  however,  theadvantage  of  nbiot  is  that  the  use  of  licensed  frequency  bands  limits  the  problem  of  interference  with  other  communications.  this  is  not  true  when  dealing  with  systems  such  as  sigfox
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  lora  where  the  channel  access  is  simpler  than  the  nbiot,  but  on  the  other  hand  exploiting  the  unlicensed  spectrum  for  transmission  may  lead  to  strong  interference,  resulting  in  possible  data  packet  loss.  in  that  case,  the  information  must  be  retransmitted,  thus  causing  additional  power  usage.  exchanged  data  amount:  sometimes,  when  the  communication  is  underway,  some  part  of  the  data  sent  by  the  transmitting  party  may  be  already  received  at  the  receiving  side  due  to  not  perfect  synchronization.  that  information  will  be  redundant  and  useless,  and  furthermore  its  transmission  will  lead  to  a  waste  of  power.  this  occurrence  is  typical
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  remote  file  synchronization  scenarios,  where  specific  protocols  are  used  to  make  the  data  transmission  between  two  parties  limited  only  to  the  new  information.  by  doing  so,  the  data  traffic  is  reduced,  optimizing  the  number  packets  to  be  exchanged  and  thus  providing  energy  saving.  finally,  the  complexity  requested  by  file  processing  and  synchronization  impacts  on  the  device  energy  consumption,  therefore  the  mechanisms  for  data  communication  must  be  not  only  efficient  but  also  computationally  feasible.  lora,  sigfox,  nbiot  and  the  other  solutions  used  in  lpwans  have  different  characteristics,  therefore  to  manage  the  power  consumption  in  the  context  of  network  access  requires
__label__assetoperationsoptimization methods  specifically  tailored  to  the  considered  technology  and  application.  on  the  other  hand,  data  traffic  optimization  is  independent  from  the  network  framework,  so  it  would  be  possible  to  design  some  communication  protocols  providing  good  performance  in  the  iot  environment  in  a  more  general  way.  the  main  contribution  of  this  work  is  therefore  to  consider  wellknown  architectural  models  for  iot  interconnection  through  lpwans  such  as  the  ones  discussed  in  and  provide  a  solution  to  reduce  the  data  to  be  exchanged  in  the  system  for  file  synchronization  purposes.  a  possible  framework  that  this  approach  can  refer  to  is  ehealth  where  on  one
__label__assetoperationsoptimization side  reliable  file  synchronization  is  needed,  and  on  the  other  side  both  the  energy  consumption  and  the  network  load  have  to  be  reduced  ,  .  taking  into  account  those  concerns,  we  propose  an  adaptive  file  synchronization  algorithm,  particularly  tailored  to  iot  applications,  allowing:  data  traffic  optimization,  to  avoid  the  network  overload;  energy  saving,  since  reducing  the  amount  of  data  to  be  transmitted  allows  the  iot  device  to  limit  power  consumption.  it  is  worth  noting  that  the  proposal  here  identified  can  be  applied  independently  to  every  lowpower  technology.  the  rest  of  the  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  reports  the  state  of
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  art  regarding  file  synchronization  algorithms.  in  the  cloudbased  network  model  under  investigation  is  introduced,  reporting  the  framework  for  the  file  synchronization  procedure.  describes  the  proposed  adaptive  file  synchronization  algorithm,  while  concerns  the  iot  devices  power  consumption  analysis.  simulation  results  are  shown  and  discussed  in  .  finally,  draws  conclusions.  the  evergrowing  network  traffic  and  the  size  diversity  of  data  to  be  exchanged  have  made  the  problem  of  remote  file  synchronization  an  ongoing  issue  to  be  tackled.  bandwidth  saving,  network  latency  minimization  and  overhead  reduction  are  paramount,  especially  when  the  files  to  be  updated  usually  exhibit  only  a  few  changes  with
__label__assetoperationsoptimization respect  to  their  previous  version.  in  this  scenario,  the  challenge  is  to  perform  the  synchronization  by  identifying  the  similarities  between  two  versions  of  the  same  file  and  hence  by  transmitting  only  the  essential  parts  to  the  update.  in  this  context,  one  of  the  bestknown  synchronization  algorithms  is  rsync  ,  originally  developed  for  computer  systems  and  still  used  by  several  applications.  considering  a  clientserver  scenario  where  the  server  has  to  be  updated  with  the  client  file  version,  rsync  operates  the  synchronization  between  the  two  parties  by  first  splitting  the  server  file  into  blocks  named  chunks,  each  one  identified  through  a  double
__label__assetoperationsoptimization hash.  the  hash  function  is  here  employed  only  to  compress  a  d  bytes  chunk  into  a  smaller  h  bytes  string.  moreover,  the  hash  acts  as  a  sort  of  signature  for  the  corresponding  chunk  to  be  used  for  making  chunk  matching  processing  faster.  specifically,  rsync  considers  each  chunk  as  identified  through  a  couple  of  hashes,  referred  as  signatures  in  the  rest  of  the  paper.  then  the  list  of  these  signatures  is  sent  to  the  client  and  used  to  find  matching  blocks.  finally,  the  client  generates  a  delta  file,  containing  both  the  indexes  of  matching  blocks  and  the  literal  bytes  recognized  as
__label__assetoperationsoptimization new,  which  is  transmitted  to  the  server  for  its  file  updating.  rsync  is  therefore  a  singleround  synchronization  algorithm  based  on  bidirectional  communication  between  the  two  parties.  this  kind  of  framework  has  been  considered  in  many  other  works  such  as  in  where  the  features  of  rsync  and  a  set  of  reconciliation  techniques  are  combined  to  achieve  bandwidth  saving.  overall,  singleroundbased  techniques  performance,  including  rsync  ,  rely  on  the  choice  of  a  suitable  block  size.  sometimes,  the  number  of  transmitted  bytes  may  be  larger  than  the  strictly  necessary  ones,  leading  to  a  performance  reduction.  other  strategies  based  on  the  edit  distance  are
__label__assetoperationsoptimization more  efficient,  but  at  the  expense  of  a  higher  computational  cost  .  several  techniques  following  a  multiplerounds  approach  have  been  presented  in  the  literature  as  well.  an  example  is  given  in  where  a  twophase  synchronization  protocol  is  proposed.  the  first  step  is  represented  by  the  socalled  map  construction  where  recursive  block  splitting  is  used  to  identify  the  common  elements  to  both  the  parties.  the  second  step  instead  concerns  delta  compression,  whichis  the  transmission  of  the  unknown  parts  of  the  file  necessary  for  the  update.  despite  multiplerounds  techniques  providing  significant  improvements  in  terms  of  bandwidth  efficiency,  they  may  result  in  complex
__label__assetoperationsoptimization protocols,  introducing  nonnegligible  communication  latencies  and  large  overheads.  the  paradigm  of  iot  has  posed  significant  challenges  that  are  different  from  those  faced  in  classic  distributed  systems,  therefore  an  important  critical  question  recently  arising  in  the  context  of  iot  devices  interaction  and  file  synchronization  is  about  the  flexibility  of  the  available  algorithms  in  the  iot  environment.  to  solve  the  potential  efficiency  reduction,  several  studies  have  been  developed  in  the  field  of  synchronization  protocol  optimization  for  iot  systems.  following  this  direction,  theauthors  in  introduce  a  data  synchronization  technique  between  gateway  and  iot  platform  that  uses  timestamp  and  bitmap  to  reduce  byte  traffic
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  latency.  furthermore,  handling  the  heterogeneity  of  the  entities  connected  in  the  iot  is  another  aspect  that  may  affect  the  performance  of  synchronization  algorithms.  the  problem  of  data  synchronization  in  multisensor  scenarios  is  tackled  in  .  specifically,  a  novel  technique  that  uses  the  interactions  and  events  experienced  by  each  sensor  within  the  network  to  solve  multiple  couplings  among  devices  and  efficiently  handling  the  data  stream  synchronization  is  proposed.  data  exchange,  storage,  and  sharing  are  instead  specifically  addressed  for  iot  lpwans  in  ,  together  with  the  other  issues  related  to  network  management.  in  the  previous  section  we  discussed  how  the  remote
__label__assetoperationsoptimization file  synchronization  was  mainly  designed  and  employed  in  distributed  systems  computerbased.  on  the  contrary,  only  a  few  works  have  addressed  this  issue  specifically  for  the  iot  context  and  lowpower  communications.  we  then  analyzed  the  protocols  that  are  efficiently  conceived  for  lowpower  consumption,  sporadic  interaction  among  devices  and  reduced  data  traffic,  and  we  identified  the  fundamental  aspects  to  be  taken  into  consideration  in  the  design.  multipleround  synchronization  techniques  may  not  be  efficient  in  a  lowpower  scenario  because  they  require  devices  to  be  active  for  a  rather  long  time  period,  also  increasing  the  amount  of  bidirectional  information  exchanged  between  the  parties.  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  other  hand  singleround  approaches,  such  as  the  early  rsync  algorithm,  allow  the  communication  to  be  simpler  but  the  data  traffic  optimization  could  not  always  achieve  maximum  efficiency  due  to  the  limited  adaptability  of  the  protocols.  aiming  to  address  these  issues,  we  propose  a  remote  file  synchronization  algorithm  that  uses  double  signatures  to  perform  file  scanning  and  update  just  as  rsync  does  but  following  an  adaptive  approach.  in  particular,  the  presented  solution  provides  the  dynamic  adaptation  of  signatures  and  chunk  size  considered  for  the  matching  procedure.  by  doing  so,  the  efficiency  of  singleround  synchronization  is  improved,  optimizing  the  data  traffic
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  well.  we  can  describe  briefly  our  proposal  for  remote  file  synchronization.  based  on  the  same  procedure  used  in  rsync  to  find  matching  information  between  the  file  at  the  two  parties,  we  introduce  the  following  novel  features  the  improve  the  performance  of  file  synchronization:  the  adaptive  tuning  of  the  chunk  dimension  based  on  the  distribution  and  type  of  modifications  presented  by  the  latest  file  version  with  respect  to  the  previous  one.  by  doing  so,  the  file  processing  procedure  and  the  amount  of  generated  traffic  are  optimized.  the  dynamic  selection  between  a  signaturebased  and  signaturefree  synchronization  procedure,  driven  by  the  adaptation
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  algorithm  parameters,  to  exploit,  when  possible,  the  data  compression  provided  by  the  signatures  or,  otherwise,  avoid  the  use  of  signatures  when  it  is  not  convenient  due  to  the  computational  cost.  finally,  it  is  worth  highlighting  that,  in  general,  file  synchronization  algorithms  are  implemented  at  the  application  layer  of  the  osi  model,  where  it  is  safe  to  assume  errorfree  and  safe  data  communications.  data  encoding,  encryption,  framing,  and  related  issues  are  handled  by  other  protocols  at  lower  layers,  therefore  the  addressing  of  these  aspects  goes  beyond  the  scope  of  thiswork.  let  us  refer  to  an  iot  scenario  where  a
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cloud  server  stores  the  updated  data  sent  by  multiple  devices  smartphones,  sensors,  wearables  connected  to  the  network  .  direct  connection  between  cloud  and  iot  devices  diot  is  assumed,  considering  a  longrange  communication  infrastructure  such  as  the  one  typically  used  in  lpwans  .  therefore,  the  single  diotcloud  interaction  is  depicted  as  follows.  typical  iot  scenario  where  multiple  devices  are  directly  connected  to  the  cloud  in  a  lpwan.  let  us  consider  two  files  and  at  cloud  and  diot  side,  respectively  .  is  newer  than  ,  therefore  the  cloud  must  receive  from  the  diot  the  information  to  update  to  the  latest  version,  that
__label__assetoperationsoptimization is  .  without  loss  of  generality,  equal  size  is  assumed  for  and  .  thesteps  performed  for  file  synchronization  are  derived  from  the  rsync  algorithm,  the  essentials  of  which  are  reported  below  see  ,  for  details.  rsync  procedure  between  diot  and  cloud.  first,  the  cloud  organizes  in  nonoverlapping  blocks,  named  in  the  following  as  chunks  ,  ofsize  d  bytes.  given  the  file  dimension  l  ,  chunks  are  obtained.  for  each  chunk  with  two  checksums  and  ,  a  weak  one  and  a  strong  one  respectively,  are  calculated  and  sent  to  the  diot  side.  checksums  are  used  to  compress  the  chunks  information  so
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  the  bytes  to  be  transmitted  are  reduced.  the  received  sets  and  are  used  by  the  diot  as  a  reference  to  process  and  find  potential  matchings  with  .  specifically,  a  moving  window  of  dimension  equal  to  d  bytes  k  refers  to  the  window  offset  along  ,  with  is  used  to  scan  .  the  diot  calculates  the  checksums  and  of  the  current  chunk  and  searches  for  a  matching  with  any  element  in  and  the  weak  checksums  are  analyzed  first,  then,  if  there  is  a  positive  feedback,  the  strong  checksums  are  compared  to  have  the  proof  of  chunks  matching.  if  is  recognized
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  be  already  present  in  ,  the  diot  saves  the  chunk  index,  referred  as  token  .  otherwise,  if  no  matching  is  found,  the  k  th  byte  of  is  evaluated  as  new  and  therefore  marked  to  be  necessarily  sent  to  the  cloud.  as  the  scanning  of  goes  on,  the  diot  creates  a  delta  file  containing  tokens  and  literal  bytes  that  will  be  ultimately  transmitted  to  the  cloud.  once  is  received,  the  cloud  performs  the  update  of  and  recomputes  the  checksums  on  the  new  file  chunks  that  will  be  used  for  the  next  synchronization  events.  since  the  generated  reports  the  differences  between
__label__assetoperationsoptimization and  files,  the  rsync  algorithm  is  also  named  rdiff  .  the  good  performance  of  rsync  relies  on  the  hypothesis  that  part  of  the  file  to  be  updated  is  sufficiently  smaller  than  the  entire  file  dimension.  furthermore,  the  size  of  chunks  d  and  checksums  r  ,  s  is  set  as  fixed.  as  reported  in  ,  blocks  dimensions  between  500  to  1000  bytes  are  optimal.  regarding  checksums,  two  32bit  and  128bit  signatures  are  employed  respectively  to  represent  each  chunk,  therefore  allowing  a  significant  compression  32  128  160  bits,  that  is  20  bytes,  are  transmitted  in  place  of  a  chunk  of  size  equal
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  500  bytes  or  more.  computer  systems  for  which  rsync  was  initially  designed  usually  consider  files  of  sufficiently  large  size  tens  of  megabytes  and  more,  therefore  the  introduced  parameter  configuration  is  appropriate.  however,  this  fact  may  not  be  verified  in  iot  scenarios  where  limited  amounts  of  data  are  managed.  for  instance,  information  about  temperature  and  humidity  in  environmental  monitoring  systems  or  blood  pressure  measure  in  medical  applications  are  represented  by  only  a  few  bytes  at  most  kilobytes  when  considering  aggregate  measures.  in  general,  regarding  the  mechanism  described  in  ,  when  the  chunk  dimension  approaches  the  entire  file  size,  finding  matchings
__label__assetoperationsoptimization becomes  ever  more  sporadic  and  the  number  of  literal  bytes  to  be  transmitted  grows.  consequently,  the  size  of  the  file  grows,  also  increasing  the  data  traffic.  onthe  other  hand,  if  the  chunk  size  is  reduced  the  compression  ratio  offered  by  the  checksums  decreases,  therefore  the  advantage  of  using  signatures  is  less  significant.  the  previous  observations  highlight  the  importance  of  a  suitable  parameter  setup  when  dealing  with  file  synchronization.  however,  in  the  literature,  this  issue  seems  to  be  handled  in  a  somewhat  general  fashion,  without  properly  considering  how  some  aspects,  such  as  the  file  update  percentage,  may  significantly  impact  the  protocol
__label__assetoperationsoptimization performance.  unfortunately,  this  kind  of  approach  turns  out  to  be  inefficient  in  the  iot  context  with  different  connected  entities  exchanging  different  types  of  data,  giving  rise  to  heterogeneous  and  hardly  predictable  data  traffic.  for  these  reasons,  we  propose  an  adaptive  rsync  based  file  synchronization  algorithm  where  the  chunk  size  is  dynamically  tuned  based  on  update  distribution  within  the  file,  to  optimize  the  number  of  literal  bytes  and  tokens  to  be  transmitted.  furthermore,  the  chunk  dimension  drives  the  choice  between  a  signaturebased  or  signaturefree  approach  to  be  used.  before  detailing  the  algorithm,  we  summarize  the  following  remarks  about  the  original  rsync
__label__assetoperationsoptimization mechanism:  by  referring  to  ,  the  search  for  matching  chunks  in  is  performed  by  using  a  d  bytes  sliding  window  identified  through  the  index  of  its  first  byte  k  in  the  window  moves  from  left  to  right,  that  is  from  first  byte  to  last.  as  long  as  no  matchings  are  found,  thescanning  proceeds  by  shifting  the  sliding  window  by  a  single  position  k  is  incremented  by  a  one  unit.  on  the  other  hand,  if  the  current  chunk  matches,  the  sliding  window  is  moved  by  d  positions  k  is  incremented  by  d  .  if  the  chunk  matches,  a  token  is  generated.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization specifically,  a  token  is  an  index  reporting  the  position  of  the  matched  chunk  within  the  file,  therefore  it  will  be  represented  exactly  by  the  corresponding  index  k  .  an  example  of  this  occurrence  is  reported  in  a,  representing  a  portion  of  the  scanned  file  .  the  subchunks  in  green  refer  to  the  bytes  that  are  not  changed  with  respect  to  the  previous  version  of  .  in  that  case,  the  chunk  matches,  therefore  a  token  with  index  k  is  created.  then  the  file  scanning  continues  considering  the  window  .  that  chunk  is  matching  too,  leading  to  the  generation  of  another  token,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization identified  by  .  examples  of  occurrences  during  file  synchronization.  the  generic  chunk  is  not  matching  if  containing  at  least  one  single  byte  that  is  new  with  respect  to  the  previous  file  version.  this  occurrence  is  described  in  bc,  where  the  new  bytes  are  marked  in  red.  specifically,  in  a  the  chunk  is  matching,  but  the  following  is  not  because  the  th  byte  is  a  new  one.  consequently,  the  th  byte  is  added  to  the  list  of  literal  bytes  to  be  sent  to  the  cloud  for  update,  and  the  sliding  window  is  shifted  by  a  single  position.  thenext  chunk  is  recognized
__label__assetoperationsoptimization as  known,  therefore  the  relating  token  with  index  issent.  regarding  the  case  of  b,  the  new  byte  is  placed  at  the  end  of  ,  hence  4  single  shifts  are  necessary  before  finding  another  matching  chunk  .  interestingly,  considering  the  generic  chunk  ,  as  the  file  scanning  moves  on  from  the  left  to  the  right  that  is,  j  increases  from  to  ,  the  new  byte  slides  from  the  right  to  the  left  within  until  it  completely  moves  out  when  .  by  doing  so,  the  bytes  from  the  th  to  the  th  one  are  all  judged  as  new  and  sent  to  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization cloud.  actually,  it  would  not  have  been  necessary  to  transmit  the  bytes  from  the  th  to  the  th  one  since  they  are  not  new,  but  in  that  case  the  size  of  the  chunk  d  is  too  large,  unavoidably  leading  to  the  transmission  of  unnecessary,  redundant  literal  bytes.  let  us  note  that  the  examples  in  a,b  consider  only  a  single  byte  to  be  updated;  however,  the  same  discussion  remains  valid  even  if  multiple  new  bytes  are  present  in  the  file.  at  the  end  of  the  file  analysis  procedure,  the  generated  is  sent  to  the  cloud.  finally,  synchronization  is  concluded  by  rearranging
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  cloud  matching  chunks  identified  through  the  received  tokens  and  the  literal  bytes  to  obtain  the  updated  version  of  ,  as  shown  in  .  the  cloud  will  then  compute  the  signature  lists  and  referring  to  its  latest  file  version,  to  be  used  when  a  new  file  synchronization  procedure  occurs.  cloud  file  update  according  to  the  scenario  in  c.  a  fixed  chunkbased  synchronization  mechanism  does  not  allow  sole  and  exclusive  identification  of  the  bytes  being  updated,  as  for  the  case  of  b  where  unnecessary  literal  bytes  are  sent,  thusincreasing  the  final  size.  however,  by  analyzing  the  indexes  corresponding  to  the  tokens
__label__assetoperationsoptimization unchanged  data  and  literal  bytes  new  information  collected  in  ,  it  is  possible  to  indicatively  infer  the  amount  and  position  of  the  updates  within  the  file.  this  kind  of  information  is  then  exploited  for  the  adaptation  of  the  chunk  size  d  so  to  minimize  the  dimension  for  the  next  file  synchronization  event.  specifically,  we  consider  the  file  synchronization  at  time  t  resulting  in  a  file  generated  by  the  diot.  as  described  in  the  previous  sections,  is  composed  of  both  tokens  and  literal  bytes.  the  basic  approach  of  the  proposed  adaptive  chunking  is  the  following:  having  consecutive,  adjacent,  chunks  a  suggests
__label__assetoperationsoptimization that  the  chunk  size  d  could  be  increased  in  order  to  reduce  the  number  of  tokens  in  the  limit  case,  two  d  bytes  chunks  corresponding  to  two  tokens  can  be  replaced  by  a  unique  2  d  bytes  chunk  expressed  by  a  single  token.  if  the  two  consecutive  matching  chunks  are  not  adjacent,  it  means  that  some  updates  are  in  between  c.  therefore,  d  should  be  conveniently  decreased  to  optimize  the  transmission  of  literal  bytes,  that  is  to  reduce  the  redundancy.  the  heredescribed  possibilities  must  be  evaluated  on  ,  defined  as  the  set  of  tokens  in  sorted  in  ascending  order.  finally,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  sum  of  the  occurrences,  suitably  weighted,  returns  the  new  chunk  size  to  be  used  for  the  next  file  synchronization  event.  the  analysis  of  the  sequence  is  conducted  by  considering  two  consecutive  tokens  at  a  time,  namely  and  ,  finally  resulting  in  couples.  given  as  the  chunk  size  used  in  the  current  file  synchronization  event,  we  consider  the  difference  ,  with  ,  hence  .  as  inferred  by  a,  having  reveals  that  the  matching  chunks  and  are  adjacent,  therefore  leading  to  the  conclusion  at  point1  introduced  above.  furthermore,  if  the  measure  of  remains  constant  and  equal  to  as  q  grows,  then
__label__assetoperationsoptimization it  means  that  there  are  multiple  adjacent  chunks  identifying  a  portion  of  the  file  that  does  not  need  to  be  modified.  the  number  of  adjacent  chunks  defines  the  size  of  the  unmodified  portion  and  it  is  used  to  drive  the  adaptive  chunking  as  follows:  according  to  equation  ,  the  chunk  dimension  is  increased  as  a  function  of  the  number  of  detected  adjacent  chunks  composing  the  w  th  file  section.  the  parameter  acts  as  a  step  size  ruling  the  speed  ofadaptation.  on  the  other  hand,  measuring  b,c  shows  that  there  is  at  least  an  updated  byte  between  the  chunks  and  ,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization resulting  in  point2  of  the  considered  possibilities.  this  kind  of  approach  does  not  provide  the  exact  knowledge  of  both  the  number  and  position  of  the  new  bytes;  however,  we  remark  that  the  first  step  of  the  proposed  algorithm  concerns  only  an  approximate  description  of  the  update  distribution  along  the  file  .  therefore,  in  this  direction,  it  is  sufficient  for  us  to  detect  the  minimum  number  of  updated  bytes.  specifically,  given  and  so  that  ,  with  ,  we  measure  the  minimum  number  of  updated  bytes  as:  therefore,  in  this  case,  the  adaptation  rule  for  chunk  size  decrease  is  given  by:  equations
__label__assetoperationsoptimization return  a  partial  metric  of  the  new  chunk  size  that  refers  only  to  the  considered  file  section  w  .  depending  on  the  update  distributions  along  the  file  ,  the  proposed  algorithm  provides  w  partial  measures  corresponding  to  the  w  identified  file  portions,  so  that  the  final  resulting  averaged  chunk  size  ,  to  be  used  in  the  next  th  synchronization  procedure,  is  obtained  by:  as  introduced  before,  the  step  size  defines  the  adaptation  speed  of  the  algorithm.  an  opportune  choice  of  should  be  driven  by  the  temporal  features  of  the  file  .  in  fact,  for  applications  where  the  update  distribution  along
__label__assetoperationsoptimization changes  quite  slowly  in  time  that  is,  considering  the  synchronization  events  at  time  t  and  ,  the  updated  bytes  in  and  are  localized  in  the  same  portion  of  the  file  it  would  be  convenient  to  select  a  highvalued  ,  making  the  new  chunk  size  the  optimal  one  as  quickly  as  possible.  a  similar  behavior  can  be  found  in  medical  device  networks  where  the  output  files  to  be  exchanged  are  usually  formed  by  a  header,  reporting  barely  variable  control  information,  and  a  payload  containing  the  actual  measurement.  on  the  other  hand,  if  there  is  no  correlation  between  the  consecutive  update  distribution
__label__assetoperationsoptimization in  and  ,  working  with  a  relatively  small  is  preferable  since  by  doing  so  the  chunk  dimension  varies  slowly,  therefore  avoiding  large  deviations  from  the  optimal  value.  this  happens  especially  when  the  rough  data  contained  within  the  file  are  larger  than  the  data  header.  the  possibility  of  performing  an  adaptive  chunking  shows  the  importance  and  efficiency  of  double  signature,  to  be  discussed.  in  rsync  based  file  synchronization  strategies,  the  size  of  chunks  and  signatures  employed  for  data  compression  is  fixed  and  no  parameter  variations  are  expected.  asalready  mentioned  in  ,  rsync  considers  the  use  of  20byte  signatures  4  bytes  for
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  rolling  checksum,  16  bytes  for  the  strong  checksum  to  compress  chunks  of  dimension  typically  greater  or  equal  to  500  bytes  ,  resulting  in  a  compression  ratio  .  this  parameter  setup  is  particularly  suited  to  the  context  where  the  files  to  be  synchronized  are  sufficiently  large  and  the  percentage  of  updates  is  quite  low;  on  the  other  hand  it  may  be  failing  when  dealing  with  smallsize  data  subject  to  significant  changes  in  time.  the  proposed  adaptive  chunking  algorithm  solves  part  of  the  problem  by  dynamically  changing  the  size  of  the  chunk  according  to  the  update  distribution,  but  it  does  not
__label__assetoperationsoptimization care  about  signature  efficiency.  specifically,  when  several  synchronization  procedures  consider  a  large  number  of  changes  on  the  same  file,  the  adaptive  chunking  algorithm  returns  a  decreasing  chunk  size  d  .  in  this  context,  having  represents  the  signatures  performance  lower  bound,  that  is  where  there  is  no  compression  gain.  actually,  the  use  of  signatures  becomes  even  totally  disadvantageous  when  the  chunk  is  extended  instead  of  compressed.  therefore,  to  overcome  the  potential  failures  of  double  signature,  we  present  two  different  solutions  for  the  choice  of  the  most  opportune  signatures  dimension  that  are  driven  by  the  chunk  size  returned  by  the  previously  described
__label__assetoperationsoptimization algorithm  the  essentials  are  reported  in  algorithm  1.  the  first  strategy  considers  a  lower  bound  on  the  chunk  dimensioning,  that  is,  given  the  rolling  and  strong  checksums  dimension  and  respectively,  the  following  condition  must  bemet:  with  being  the  reference  threshold.  hence  equation  represents  a  sort  of  additional  step  to  the  adaptive  chunking  algorithm  in  that  prevents  the  estimated  new  chunk  size  to  be  smaller  than  the  signatures  total  dimension.  by  doing  so  the  benefits  of  double  signature  are  preserved,  but  the  potential  provided  by  the  adaptive  chunking  algorithm  is  not  fully  exploited.  based  on  the  rsync  framework  we  have  considered,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  proposed  chunking  algorithm  and  equation  ,  we  refer  to  the  overall  file  synchronization  procedure  as  adaptive  chunking  rdiff  ac  rdiff  .  the  second  proposed  approach  relies  on  a  thresholdbased  mechanism  offering  the  possibility  to  dynamically  move  from  a  signaturebased  procedure  to  a  signaturesfree  one  and  vice  versa.  inparticular,  the  same  threshold  defined  as  in  ac  rdiff  is  considered  to  evaluate  the  convenience  of  using  signatures  as  follows:  if  the  chunk  size  is  over  the  threshold  ,  the  signaturesbased  approach  is  selected  which  can  bring  benefits  in  terms  of  data  compression.  on  the  other  hand,  when  the  chunk  dimension  is
__label__assetoperationsoptimization under  the  reference  threshold,  the  filescanning  procedure  for  matching  detection  is  performed  directly  on  the  original  chunks  without  resorting  to  any  compression.  for  representation  purposes,  in  equation  and  in  algorithms  2  and  3  the  dimensions  of  signatures  to  be  employed  in  the  next  synchronization  procedure,  namely  and  ,  are  set  to  and  for  the  signaturebased  approach,  and  to  0  for  the  signaturefree  synchronization.  because  of  the  provided  signatures  onoff  switching  feature,  we  define  this  solution  as  adaptive  hashing  rdiff  ah  rdiff  .  in  contrast  to  ac  rdiff  where  the  chunk  size  choice  is  dependent  of  but  also  constrained  to,  whenreferring
__label__assetoperationsoptimization to  the  minimum  allowed  size  the  signature  dimension,  with  the  ah  rdiff  algorithm  the  use  of  signatures  is  defined  by  the  chunk  size.  0  w  0  0  m  2:m  w  w  1  w  w  1  rdiff  chunk  size  estimate  ;  reference  signatures  size  threshold  rdiff  at  the  end  of  the  file  synchronization  occurring  at  time  t  ,  the  ac  rdiff  and  ah  rdiff  algorithms  return  a  new  adapted  chunk  dimension  to  be  considered  during  the  next  file  synchronization  procedure  at  time  t  1.  concerning  ah  rdiff  ,  the  choice  between  the  signaturebased  and  signaturefree  synchronization  approach  is  also  determined.  this
__label__assetoperationsoptimization reference  information  must  be  known  also  from  the  cloud,  so  that  it  can  adequately  handle  its  file  update  and  signature  generation  in  the  next  synchronization  procedure.  therefore,  the  delta  output  file  sent  by  the  diot  will  contain  not  only  the  literal  bytes  and  tokens  to  be  used  for  file  update,  but  also  another  field  reporting  the  new  chunk  size  .  furthermore,  in  ah  rdiff  ,  an  additional  flag  is  employed  for  signaling  if  the  use  of  signatures  is  convenient  or  not  .  however,  it  is  worth  noting  that  the  addition  of  and  flag  has  in  general  an  absolutely  negligible  impact
__label__assetoperationsoptimization on  the  delta  file  dimension  since  they  can  be  represented  in  principle  by  only  a  few  bits  at  most,  a  couple  of  bytes.  delta  structure  in  original  rsync  ,  ac  rdiff  and  ah  rdiff  respectively.  as  detailed  in  ,  the  original  rsync  algorithm  entails  that  every  time  a  synchronization  procedure  is  performed,  the  cloud  generates  two  lists  of  reference  signatures,  and  and  sends  them  to  the  diot  in  order  to  start  a  new  synchronization  procedure.  however,  the  presence  of  this  download  transmission  may  not  be  convenient,  especially  in  networks  where  costs  are  dependent  on  the  amount  of  data  traffic  exchanged.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization for  instance,  service  fares  proposed  by  some  nbiot  network  providers  are  bounded  to  a  fixed  traffic  threshold,  beyond  which  additional  costs  may  be  required  ,  .  therefore,  while  the  uplink  data  traffic  is  optimized  thanks  to  the  use  of  ac  rdiff  and  ah  rdiff  ,  a  proper  management  of  downlink  communication  should  be  also  provided  to  save  spectral  resources  and  limit  the  potential  costs  related  to  the  traffic  volume.  in  this  direction,  we  present  a  solution  where  the  diot  generates  its  own  reference  signature  lists,  so  that  the  downlink  interaction  with  the  cloud  is  limited  to  very  sporadic  cases.  specifically,
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  idea  is  that  once  the  adaptive  algorithm  ac  rdiff  or  ah  rdiff  has  returned  the  new  chunk  size  ,  the  diot  organizes  its  current  file  in  chunks  of  size  bytes  and  calculates  the  corresponding  signatures  sets  and  to  be  used  as  reference  in  the  next  file  synchronization.  it  is  worth  highlighting  that  this  procedure  is  exactly  the  same  as  performed  by  the  cloud  in  the  original  rsync  framework.  in  that  case,  the  cloud  generates  the  new  signatures  lists  on  its  updated  file  ,  entailing  that  has  become  equal  to  .  therefore,  the  sets  and  calculated  by  the  cloud  on
__label__assetoperationsoptimization will  be  the  same  ones  computable  from  at  diot  side.  the  proposed  reference  signatures  selfgeneration  approach  avoids  the  cloud  to  spend  data  traffic  to  transmit  and  ,  but  it  also  provides  energy  saving  as  explained  in  the  next  section.  on  the  other  hand,  it  requires  a  further  computational  effort  from  the  diot  that  can  however  be  considered  as  negligible  since  the  devices  power  consumption  mainly  concerns  data  transmission  and  reception  mechanisms.  finally,  it  is  worth  noting  that  the  downlink  communication  from  the  cloud  to  the  diot  is  significantly  reduced  but  not  completely  cut.  in  fact,  the  signature  lists  transmission  from
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  cloud  remains  available  and  acts  as  a  sort  of  reset  when  unexpected  events,  such  as  diot  formatting,  malfunctions,  or  failed  updates,  occur,  compromising  the  diotcloud  connection.  in  general,  power  consumption  is  not  considered  a  critical  issue  for  the  cloud  since  it  is  referred  to  as  an  actively  powered  entity  as  a  data  center  is.  on  the  other  hand,  energy  saving  is  fundamental  for  iot  devices  that  are  typically  battery  supplied,  to  support  mobility.  following  the  model  given  in  ,  the  total  energy  consumption  for  iot  devices  can  be  derived  as  the  sum  of  four  components:  where  refers  to  data
__label__assetoperationsoptimization communication,  to  sensing  and  data  reception,  to  the  processing  and  to  the  other  minor  functionalities  of  the  considered  device.  however,  by  assuming  is  negligible  and  considering  as  included  in  data  transmission  and  reception  processes,  it  is  possible  to  recast  equation  in  the  classic  energy  consumption  models  developed  for  wireless  sensor  networks  wsns:  with  the  total  energy  consumption  of  diot  being  described  as  a  function  of  their  transmission  and  reception  activity  ,  .  specifically,  the  transmit  power  takes  into  account  the  energy  spent  to  run  the  electronic  hardware  mainly  related  to  the  digitaltoanalog  signal  conversion  and  power  amplification,  while  the  received
__label__assetoperationsoptimization power  is  defined  by  the  energy  employed  for  maintaining  the  device  in  active  mode  and  processing  the  received  signals  .  and  refer  to  the  download  and  upload  data  rate,  respectively.  finally,  and  represent  the  data  volume  to  send  and  receive.  in  particular,  considering  equation  in  the  context  of  data  synchronization  returns  as  the  containing  the  information  transmitted  from  the  diot  to  the  cloud  for  its  update,  and  as  the  reference  information  that  is  the  signatures  lists  sent  by  the  cloud  to  let  the  diot  perform  its  file  processing  and  generation.  the  parameters  ,  ,  and  are  instead  specific  to  the
__label__assetoperationsoptimization employed  technology,  therefore  not  dependent  of  the  data  synchronization  mechanism.  as  an  additional  comment,  it  is  worth  noting  that  the  implementation  of  ac  rdiff  and  ah  rdiff  algorithms  in  a  communication  framework  with  reduced  cloudtodiot  transmission  such  as  one  proposed  in  the  previous  section  returns  the  following  benefits.  first,  the  optimization  of  ,  that  is  ,  implies  the  optimization  of  .  second,  the  reference  signatures  selfgeneration  approach  allows  a  significant  reduction  of  ,  therefore  making  the  negligible  with  respect  to  .  therefore,  we  show  that  becomes  mainly  dependent  of  .  batterysupplied  diots  are  typically  designed  for  sporadic  data  transmissions,  thus
__label__assetoperationsoptimization remaining  idle  for  most  of  time,  except  for  narrow  active  mode  time  windows.  time  and  energy  spent  in  both  these  possible  states  allow  the  device  battery  lifetime  to  be  measured  as  :  where  c  and  is  the  battery  capacity  and  safety  factor,  respectively,  the  average  energy  consumption  component  taken  from  equation  and  the  diot  background  electronic  hardware  consumption.  both  and  l  are  averaged  on  ,  representing  the  time  interval  between  two  consecutive  data  transmissions  that  is,  two  file  synchronization  events.  finally,  we  would  like  to  remark  that  the  power  consumption  analysis  here  reported  has  been  rephrased  to  consider  those  aspects
__label__assetoperationsoptimization characterizing  the  file  synchronization  at  the  application  layer.  moving  down  towards  the  network  access  layer,  clouddiot  handshaking  mechanisms  and  data  framing  are  performed.  moreover,  each  specific  layer  protocol  considers  the  introduction  of  additional  information.  therefore,  as  the  weight  of  and  might  be  different  from  the  one  considered  for  our  purpose,  the  model  in  equations  and  should  be  conveniently  handled.  however,  since  represents  the  largest  part  of  the  total  amount  of  data  exchanged  between  two  nodes,  we  believe  that  the  proposed  analysis  may  help  to  emphasize  the  importance  of  an  efficient  data  synchronization  protocol,  especially  in  lowpower  iot  scenarios.  the  performance
__label__assetoperationsoptimization of  the  proposed  ac  rdiff  and  ah  rdiff  algorithms  have  been  evaluated  in  terms  of  generated  data  traffic  amount  and  diot  power  consumption.  to  this  aim,  we  have  developed  a  matlabbased  simulator  where  the  file  synchronization  between  two  parties,  e.g.,  a  diot  and  the  cloud,  has  been  implemented.  specifically,  first  a  byte  string  a  ,  representing  the  file  stored  at  cloud  side,  is  created.  then  another  string,  namely  b  ,  equal  to  a  except  for  some  modified  parts,  is  generated.  b  acts  as  the  file  at  diot  side,  so  a  is  updated  to  b  by  resorting  to  different  synchronization  algorithms.
__label__assetoperationsoptimization simulations  have  considered  files,  the  dimension  of  which  is  equal  to  3  kb.  taking  into  account  the  discussion  reported  in  ,  the  choice  of  such  file  dimension  makes  the  simulation  framework  fairly  realistic  with  respect  to  the  scenarios  described  in  where  limitedsize  data  are  handled  the  file  may  represent  some  kind  of  measure  coming  from  a  sensor,  or  it  may  contain  multiple  information  collected  within  a  time  interval  but  to  be  sent  only  at  specific  time  hours  of  the  day.  specifically,  we  have  implemented  file  synchronization  according  to  the  following  algorithms:  :  the  classic  rsync  mechanism  as  in  that  considers
__label__assetoperationsoptimization the  use  of  a  32bit  rolling  checksum  and  a  128bit  md5  hash,  with  a  static  chunk  size  equal  to  500  bytes.  :  the  algorithm  parameters  are  the  same  used  in  ,  except  for  the  chunk  size  that  is  set  to  40  bytes,  so  letting  the  double  signature  provide  a  compression  ratio  the  name  rdiff  is  used  only  to  differentiate  the  current  algorithm  from  the  previous  rsync  .  :  as  the  dimension  of  the  files  to  be  synchronized  is  limited,  two  smaller  signatures  are  considered,  a  16bit  rolling  checksum  and  a  64bit  cyclic  redundancy  check  respectively,  with  the  chunk  size  equal
