__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  management  includes  planning  and  operation  of  energy  production  and  energy  consumption  units.  objectives  are  resource  conservation,  climate  protection  and  cost  savings,  while  the  users  have  permanent  access  to  the  energy  they  need.  it  is  connected  closely  to  environmental  management,  production  management,  logistics  and  other  established  business  functions.  the  vdiguideline  4602  released  a  definition  which  includes  the  economic  dimension:  energy  management  is  the  proactive,  organized  and  systematic  coordination  of  procurement,  conversion,  distribution  and  use  of  energy  to  meet  the  requirements,  taking  into  account  environmental  and  economic  objectives.  energy  efficiency  base  line  of  energy  assessment  one  of  initial  steps  for  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement effective  energy  cost  control  program  is  the  base  line  energy  assessment,  which  examines  the  pattern  of  existing  energy  usage  by  the  government  or  any  subentity  of  the  government  or  private  organization.  this  program  will  set  the  reference  point  for  improvements  in  energy  efficiency.  energy  efficiency  can  improve  the  existing  energy  usage  and  benchmarking  of  every  individual  section  such  as  area,  subarea  and  the  industry  etc  .  organizational  integration  it  is  important  to  integrate  the  energy  management  in  the  organizational  structure,  so  that  the  energy  management  can  be  implemented.  responsibilities  and  the  interaction  of  the  decision  makers  should  be  regularized.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement delegation  of  functions  and  competencies  extend  from  the  top  management  to  the  executive  worker.  furthermore,  a  comprehensive  coordination  can  ensure  the  fulfillment  of  the  tasks.it  is  advisable  to  establish  a  separate  organizational  unit  energy  management  in  large  or  energyintensive  companies.  this  unit  supports  the  senior  management  and  keeps  track.  it  depends  on  the  basic  form  of  the  organizational  structure,  where  this  unit  is  connected.  in  case  of  a  functional  organization  the  unit  is  located  directly  between  the  first  ceo  and  the  second  hierarchical  level  corporate  functions  such  as  production,  procurement,  marketing.  in  a  divisional  organization,  there  should  be  a  central
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  several  sectorspecific  energy  management  units.  so  the  diverse  needs  of  the  individual  sectors  and  the  coordination  between  the  branches  and  the  head  office  can  be  fulfilled.  in  a  matrix  organization  the  energy  management  can  be  included  as  a  matrix  function  and  thus  approach  most  functions  directly.  energy  management  in  operational  functions  facility  management  facility  management  is  an  important  part  of  energy  management,  because  a  huge  proportion  average  25  per  cent  of  complete  operating  costs  are  energy  costs.  according  to  the  international  facility  management  association  ifma,  facility  management  is  a  profession  that  encompasses  multiple  disciplines  to  ensure  functionality  of  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement built  environment  by  integrating  people,  place,  processes  and  technology.the  central  task  of  energy  management  is  to  reduce  costs  for  the  provision  of  energy  in  buildings  and  facilities  without  compromising  work  processes.  especially  the  availability  and  service  life  of  the  equipment  and  the  ease  of  use  should  remain  the  same.  the  german  facility  management  association  gefma  e.v.  has  published  guidelines  e.g.  gefma  1241  and  1242,  which  contain  methods  and  ways  of  dealing  with  the  integration  of  energy  management  in  the  context  of  a  successful  facility  management.  in  this  topic  the  facility  manager  has  to  deal  with  economic,  ecological,  riskbased  and  qualitybased
__label__energymonitoringmanagement targets.  he  tries  to  minimize  the  total  cost  of  the  energyrelated  processes  supply,  distribution  and  use.the  most  important  key  figure  in  this  context  is  kilowatthours  per  square  meter  per  year  kwh/ma.  based  on  this  key  figure  properties  can  be  classified  according  to  their  energy  consumption.europe:  in  germany  a  lowenergy  house  can  have  a  maximum  energy  consumption  of  70  kwh/ma.north  america:  in  the  united  states,  the  energy  star  program  is  the  largest  program  defining  lowenergy  homes.  homes  earning  energy  star  certification  use  at  least  15  less  energy  than  standard  new  homes  built  to  the  international  residential  code,  although  homes  typically  achieve
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 2030  savings.in  comparison,  the  passive  house  passivhaus  in  german  ultralowenergy  standard,  currently  undergoing  adoption  in  some  other  european  countries,  has  a  maximum  space  heating  requirement  of  15  kwh/ma.  a  passive  house  is  a  very  wellinsulated  and  virtually  airtight  building.  it  does  not  require  a  conventional  heating  system.  it  is  heated  by  solar  gain  and  internal  gains  from  people.  energy  losses  are  minimized.there  are  also  buildings  that  produce  more  energy  for  example  by  solar  water  heating  or  photovoltaic  systems  over  the  course  of  a  year  than  it  imports  from  external  sources.  these  buildings  are  called  energyplushouses.in  addition,  the  work  regulations  manage
__label__energymonitoringmanagement competencies,  roles  and  responsibilities.  because  the  systems  also  include  risk  factors  e.g.,  oil  tanks,  gas  lines,  you  must  ensure  that  all  tasks  are  clearly  described  and  distributed.  a  clear  regulation  can  help  to  avoid  liability  risks.  logistics  logistics  is  the  management  of  the  flow  of  resources  between  the  point  of  origin  and  the  point  of  destination  in  order  to  meet  some  requirements,  for  example  of  customers  or  corporations.  especially  the  core  logistics  task,  transportation  of  the  goods,  can  save  costs  and  protect  the  environment  through  efficient  energy  management.  the  relevant  factors  are  the  choice  of  means  of  transportation,  duration  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement length  of  transportation  and  cooperation  with  logistics  service  providers.the  logistics  causes  more  than  14  percent  of  co2  emissions  worldwide.  for  this  reason  the  term  green  logistics  is  becoming  increasingly  important.possible  courses  of  action  in  terms  of  green  logistics  are:shift  to  ecofriendly  transport  carrier  such  as  railroad  and  waterwayroute  and  load  optimizationformation  of  corporate  networks,  which  are  connected  by  logistics  serviceoptimizing  physical  logistics  processes  by  providing  a  sophisticated  it  supportenergy  management  in  ports:  optimizing  operational  planning  and  equipment  scheduling,  peak  shaving  of  energy  consumption,  smart  energy  management  system  implementation,  smart  reefer  area  energy  management,  harnessing  renewable  energy  at  ports,  smart  grid
__label__energymonitoringmanagement applications  in  ports  besides  transportation  of  goods,  the  transport  of  persons  should  be  an  important  part  of  the  logistic  strategy  of  organizations.  in  case  of  business  trips  it  is  important  to  attract  attention  to  the  choice  and  the  proportionality  of  the  means  of  transport.  it  should  be  balanced  whether  a  physical  presence  is  mandatory  or  a  telephone  or  video  conference  is  just  as  useful.  home  office  is  another  possibility  in  which  the  company  can  protect  the  environment  indirectly.  energy  procurement  procurement  is  the  acquisition  of  goods  or  services.  energy  prices  fluctuate  constantly,  which  can  significantly  affect  the  energy  bill  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement organizations.  therefore  poor  energy  procurement  decisions  can  be  expensive.  organizations  can  control  and  reduce  energy  costs  by  taking  a  proactive  and  efficient  approach  to  buying  energy.  even  a  change  of  the  energy  source  can  be  a  profitable  and  ecofriendly  alternative.  production  production  is  the  act  of  creating  output,  a  good  or  service  which  has  value  and  contributes  to  the  utility  of  individuals.  this  central  process  may  differ  depending  on  the  industry.  industrial  companies  have  facilities  that  require  a  lot  of  energy.  service  companies,  in  turn,  do  not  need  many  materials,  their  energyrelated  focus  is  mainly  facility  management  or  green  it.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement therefore  the  energyrelated  focus  has  to  be  identified  first,  then  evaluated  and  optimize.  production  planning  and  control  usually,  production  is  the  area  with  the  largest  energy  consumption  within  an  organization.  therefore  also  the  production  planning  and  control  becomes  very  important.  it  deals  with  the  operational,  temporal,  quantitative  and  spatial  planning,  control  and  management  of  all  processes  that  are  necessary  in  the  production  of  goods  and  commodities.  the  production  planner  should  plan  the  production  processes  so  that  they  operate  in  an  energy  efficient  way.  for  example,  strong  power  consumer  can  be  moved  into  the  night  time.  peaks  should  be  avoided  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  benefit  of  a  unified  load  profile.the  impending  changes  in  the  structure  of  energy  production  require  an  increasing  demand  for  storage  capacity.  the  production  planning  and  control  has  to  deal  with  the  problem  of  limited  storability  of  energy.  in  principle  there  is  the  possibility  to  store  energy  electrically,  mechanically  or  chemically.  another  trendsetting  technology  is  lithiumbased  electrochemical  storage,  which  can  be  used  in  electric  vehicles  or  as  an  option  to  control  the  power  grid.  the  german  federal  ministry  of  economics  and  technology  realized  the  significance  of  this  topic  and  established  an  initiative  with  the  aim  to  promote  technological  breakthroughs  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement support  the  rapid  introduction  of  new  energy  storage.  maintenance  maintenance  is  the  combination  of  all  technical  and  administrative  actions,  including  supervision  actions,  intended  to  retain  an  item  in,  or  restore  it  to,  a  state  in  which  it  can  perform  a  required  function.  detailed  maintenance  is  essential  to  support  the  energy  management.  hereby  power  losses  and  cost  increases  can  be  avoided.  energy  management  challenge  through  the  energy  efficiency  it  management  is  remain  the  key  for  the  any  industrial  user  across  globe  ,  to  achieve  the  energy  management  goal  for  the  federal  government  or  industry  the  efficiency  of  water  and  energy  resources
__label__energymonitoringmanagement play  a  vital  roleexamples  of  how  it  is  possible  to  save  energy  and  costs  with  the  help  of  maintenance:defrost  the  fridgescheck  the  barometer  of  cars  and  trucksinsulation  of  hot  systemsimprove  leaks  in  building  envelopes  energy  strategies  a  longterm  energy  strategy  should  be  part  of  the  overall  strategy  of  a  company.  this  strategy  may  include  the  objective  of  increasing  the  use  of  renewable  energies.  furthermore,  criteria  for  decisions  on  energy  investments,  such  as  yield  expectations,  are  determined.  by  formulating  an  energy  strategy  companies  have  the  opportunity  to  avoid  risks  and  to  assure  a  competitive  advance  against  their  business  rivals.  potential  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement strategies  according  to  kals  there  are  the  following  energy  strategies:passive  strategy:  there  is  no  systematic  planning.  the  issue  of  energy  and  environmental  management  is  not  perceived  as  an  independent  field  of  action.  the  organization  only  deals  with  the  most  essential  subjects.strategy  of  shortterm  profit  maximization:  the  management  is  concentrating  exclusively  on  measures  that  have  a  relatively  short  payback  period  and  a  high  return.  measures  with  low  profitability  are  not  considered.strategy  of  longterm  profit  maximization:  this  strategy  includes  that  you  have  a  high  knowledge  of  the  energy  price  and  technology  development.  the  relevant  measures  for  example,  heat  exchangers  or  power  stations
__label__energymonitoringmanagement can  have  durations  of  several  decades.  moreover,  these  measures  can  help  to  improve  the  image  and  increase  the  motivation  of  the  employees.realization  of  all  financially  attractive  energy  measures:  this  strategy  has  the  goal  to  implement  all  measures  that  have  a  positive  return  on  investment.maximum  strategy:  for  the  climate  protection  one  is  willing  to  change  even  the  object  of  the  company.in  reality,  you  usually  find  hybrid  forms  of  different  strategies.  energy  strategies  of  companies  many  companies  are  trying  to  promote  its  image  and  time  protect  the  climate  through  a  proactive  and  public  energy  strategy.  general  motors  gm  strategy  is  based  on
__label__energymonitoringmanagement continuous  improvement.  furthermore  they  have  six  principles:  e.g.  restoring  and  preserving  the  environment,  reducing  waste  and  pollutants,  educating  the  public  about  environmental  conservation,  collaboration  for  the  development  of  environmental  laws  and  regulations.nokia  created  its  first  climate  strategy  in  2006.  the  strategy  tries  to  evaluate  the  energy  consumption  and  greenhouse  gas  emissions  of  products  and  operations  and  sets  reduction  targets  accordingly.  furthermore,  their  environmental  efforts  is  based  on  four  key  issues:  substance  management,  energy  efficiency,  recycling,  promoting  environmental  sustainability.the  energy  strategy  of  volkswagen  vw  is  based  on  environmentally  friendly  products  and  a  resourceefficient  production  according  to  the  group  strategy  2018.  almost
__label__energymonitoringmanagement all  locations  of  the  group  are  certified  to  the  international  standard  iso  14001  for  environmental  management  systems.when  looking  at  the  energy  strategies  of  companies  it  is  important  to  you  have  the  topic  greenwashing  in  mind.  this  is  a  form  of  propaganda  in  which  green  strategies  are  used  to  promote  the  opinion  that  an  organizations  aims  are  environmentally  friendly.  energy  strategies  of  politics  even  many  countries  formulate  energy  strategies.  the  swiss  federal  council  decided  in  may  2011  to  resign  nuclear  energy  mediumdated.  the  nuclear  power  plants  will  be  shut  down  at  the  end  of  life  and  will  not  be  replaced.  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement compensation  they  put  the  focus  on  energy  efficiency,  renewable  energies,  fossil  energy  sources  and  the  development  of  water  power.the  european  union  has  clear  instructions  for  its  members.  the  202020targets  include,  that  the  member  states  have  to  reduce  greenhouse  gas  emissions  by  20  below  1990  levels,  increase  energy  efficiency  by  20  and  achieve  a  20  share  of  renewable  energy  in  total  energy  consumption  by  2020.  ethical  and  normative  basis  of  the  energy  strategies  the  basis  of  every  energy  strategy  is  the  corporate  culture  and  the  related  ethical  standards  applying  in  the  company.  ethics,  in  the  sense  of  business  ethics,  examines  ethical
__label__energymonitoringmanagement principles  and  moral  or  ethical  issues  that  arise  in  a  business  environment.  ethical  standards  can  appear  in  company  guidelines,  energy  and  environmental  policies  or  other  documents.the  most  relevant  ethical  ideas  for  the  energy  management  are:utilitarianism:  this  form  of  ethics  has  the  maxim  that  the  one  acts  are  good  or  right,  whose  consequences  are  optimal  for  the  welfare  of  all  those  affected  by  the  action  principle  of  maximum  happiness.  in  terms  of  energy  management,  the  existence  of  external  costs  should  be  considered.  they  do  not  directly  affect  those  who  profit  from  the  economic  activity  but  nonparticipants  like  future  generations.  this  error
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  the  market  mechanism  can  be  solved  by  the  internalization  of  external  costs.argumentation  ethics:  this  fundamental  ethical  idea  says  that  everyone  who  is  affected  by  the  decision,  must  be  involved  in  decision  making.  this  is  done  in  a  fair  dialogue,  the  result  is  completely  uncertain.deontological  ethics:  the  deontological  ethics  assigns  individuals  and  organizations  certain  obligations.  a  general  example  is  the  golden  rule:  one  should  treat  others  as  one  would  like  others  to  treat  oneself.  therefore  everyone  should  manage  their  duties  and  make  an  energy  economic  contribution.  see  also  energy  demand  managementenergy  management  degree  specialized  degree  for  those  working  in  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement petroleum  industryenergy  management  systemenergy  storage  as  a  service  esaasfederal  energy  management  programpower  management  by  electrical  devicesmanagement  of  energy  in  a  particular  context:hotel  energy  managementmarine  energy  management  references  further  reading  the  industry.  the  totus  group.  retrieved  11  march  2018.  the  building  controls  and  energy  management  industry  began  with  the  energy  crisiss  of  the  1970s  and  specifically  starting  in  1973  with  the  first  arab  embargo.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  monitoring  and  targeting  mt  is  an  energy  efficiency  technique  based  on  the  standard  management  axiom  stating  that  you  cannot  manage  what  you  cannot  measure.  mt  techniques  provide  energy  managers  with  feedback  on  operating  practices,  results  of  energy  management  projects,  and  guidance  on  the  level  of  energy  use  that  is  expected  in  a  certain  period.  importantly,  they  also  give  early  warning  of  unexpected  excess  consumption  caused  by  equipment  malfunctions,  operator  error,  unwanted  user  behaviours,  lack  of  effective  maintenance  and  the  like.the  foundation  of  mt  lies  in  determining  the  normal  relationships  of  energy  consumptions  to  relevant  driving  factors  hvac  equipment,  production
__label__energymonitoringmanagement though  puts,  weather,  occupancy  available  daylight,  etc.  and  the  goal  is  to  help  business  managers:identify  and  explain  excessive  energy  usedetect  instances  when  consumption  is  unexpectedly  higher  or  lower  than  would  usually  have  been  the  casevisualize  energy  consumption  trends  daily,  weekly,  seasonal,  operationaldetermine  future  energy  use  and  costs  when  planning  changes  in  the  businessdiagnose  specific  areas  of  wasted  energyobserve  how  changes  to  relevant  driving  factors  impact  energy  efficiencydevelop  performance  targets  for  energy  management  programsmanage  energy  consumption,  rather  than  accept  it  as  a  fixed  costthe  ultimate  goal  is  to  reduce  energy  costs  through  improved  energy  efficiency  and  energy  management  control.  other  benefits
__label__energymonitoringmanagement generally  include  increased  resource  efficiency,  improved  production  budgeting  and  reduction  of  greenhouse  gas  ghg  emissions.  history  mt  is  an  established  technique  that  was  first  launched  as  a  national  program  in  the  uk  in  1980,  and  has  since  then  spread  throughout  europe.  these  techniques  are  now  also  rapidly  growing  in  america.  goals  and  benefits  throughout  the  numerous  mt  projects  implemented  since  the  1980s,  a  certain  number  of  benefits  have  proved  to  be  recurrent:energy  cost  savings:  generally  5  of  the  original  energy  expenses,  according  to  the  carbon  trust.  carbon  trust  has  conducted  a  study  over  1000  small  businesses  and  has  concluded  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  average  an  organization  could  save  5.reduction  in  ghg  emissions:  lower  energy  consumption  helps  reduce  emissionsfinancing:  measured  energy  reductions  help  obtain  grants  for  energy  efficiency  projectsimproved  product  and  service  costing:  submetering  allows  the  division  of  the  energy  bill  between  the  different  processes  of  an  industry,  and  can  be  calculated  as  a  production  costimproved  budgeting:  mt  techniques  can  help  forecast  energy  expenses  in  the  case  of  changes  in  the  business,  for  examplewaste  avoidance:  helps  diagnose  energy  waste  in  any  process.  technique  key  principles  monitoring  and  targeting  techniques  rely  on  three  main  principles,  which  form  a  constant  feedback  cycle,  therefore  improving  control
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  energy  use.  monitoring  monitoring  information  of  energy  use,  in  order  to  establish  a  basis  for  energy  management  and  explain  deviations  from  an  established  pattern.  its  primary  goal  is  to  maintain  said  pattern,  by  providing  all  the  necessary  data  on  energy  consumption,  as  well  as  certain  driving  factors,  as  identified  during  preliminary  investigation  production,  weather,  etc.  reporting  the  final  principle  is  the  one  which  enables  ongoing  control  of  energy  use,  achievement  of  targets  and  verification  of  savings:  reports  must  be  issued  to  the  appropriate  managers.  this  in  turn  allows  decisionmaking  and  actions  to  be  taken  in  order  to  achieve  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement targets,  as  well  as  confirmation  or  denial  that  the  targets  have  been  reached.  procedures  before  the  mt  measures  themselves  are  implemented,  a  few  preparatory  steps  are  necessary.  first  of  all,  key  energy  consumers  on  the  site  must  be  identified.  generally,  most  of  the  energy  consumption  is  concentrated  in  a  small  number  of  processes,  like  heating,  or  certain  machinery.  this  normally  requires  a  certain  survey  of  the  building  and  the  equipment  to  estimate  their  energy  consumption  level.it  is  also  necessary  to  assess  what  other  measurements  will  be  required  to  analyze  the  consumption  appropriately.  this  data  will  be  used  to  chart  against
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  energy  consumption:  these  are  underlying  factors  which  influence  the  consumption,  often  production  for  industry  processes  or  exterior  temperature  for  heating  processes,  but  may  include  many  other  variables.once  all  variables  to  be  measured  have  been  established,  and  the  necessary  meters  installed,  it  is  possible  to  initiate  the  mt  procedures.  measure  the  first  step  is  to  compile  the  data  from  the  different  meters.  lowcost  energy  feedback  displays  have  become  available.  the  frequency  at  which  the  data  is  compiled  varies  according  to  the  desired  reporting  interval,  but  can  go  once  every  30  seconds  to  once  every  15  minutes.  some  measurements  can  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement taken  directly  from  the  meters,  others  must  be  calculated.  these  different  measurements  are  often  called  streams  or  channels.driving  factors  such  as  production  or  degree  days  also  constitute  streams  and  must  be  collected  at  intervals  to  match.  define  the  baseline  the  data  compiled  must  then  be  plotted  on  a  graph  in  order  to  define  the  general  consumption  baseline.  consumption  rates  are  plotted  in  a  scatter  plot  against  production  or  any  other  variable  previously  identified,  and  the  best  fit  line  is  identified.  this  graph  is  the  image  of  the  business  average  energy  performance,  and  conveys  a  lot  of  information:the  yintercept  gives  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement minimal  consumption  in  the  absence  of  the  variable  no  production,  zero  degreeday....  this  is  the  base  load  of  the  system,  the  minimal  consumption  when  it  is  not  operating.the  slope  represents  the  relationship  between  the  consumption  and  the  previously  identified  variable.  this  represents  the  efficiency  of  the  process.the  scatter  is  the  degree  of  variability  of  the  consumption  with  operational  factors.the  slope  is  not  used  quite  as  often  for  mt  purposes.  however,  a  high  yintercept  can  mean  that  there  is  a  fault  in  the  process,  causing  it  to  use  too  much  energy  with  no  performance,  unless  there  are  specific  distinctive  features  which
__label__energymonitoringmanagement lead  to  high  base  loads.  very  scattered  points,  on  the  other  hand,  may  reflect  other  significant  factors  playing  in  the  variation  of  the  energy  consumption,  other  than  the  one  plotted  in  the  first  place,  but  it  can  also  be  the  illustration  of  a  lack  of  control  over  the  process.  monitor  variations  the  next  step  is  to  monitor  the  difference  between  the  expected  consumption  and  the  actual  measured  consumption.  one  of  the  tools  most  commonly  used  for  this  is  the  cusum,  which  is  the  cumulative  sum  of  differences.  this  consists  in  first  calculating  the  difference  between  the  expected  and  actual  performances
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  best  fit  line  previously  identified  and  the  points  themselves.the  cusum  can  then  be  plotted  against  time  on  a  new  graph,  which  then  yields  more  information  for  the  energy  efficiency  specialist.  variances  scattered  around  zero  usually  mean  that  the  process  is  operating  normally.  marked  variations,  increasing  or  decreasing  steadily  usually  reflect  a  modification  in  the  conditions  of  the  process.in  the  case  of  the  cusum  graph,  the  slope  becomes  very  important,  as  it  is  the  main  indicator  of  the  savings  achieved.  a  slope  going  steadily  down  indicates  steady  savings.  any  variation  in  the  slope  indicates  a  change  in  the  process.  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement example,  in  the  graph  on  the  right,  the  first  section  indicated  no  savings.  however,  in  september  beginning  of  the  yellow  line,  an  energy  efficiency  measure  must  have  been  implemented,  as  savings  start  to  occur.  the  green  line  indicates  an  increase  in  the  savings  as  the  slope  is  becoming  steeper,  whereas  the  red  line  must  reflect  a  modification  in  the  process  having  occurred  in  november,  as  savings  have  decreased  slightly.  identify  causes  energy  efficiency  specialists,  in  collaboration  with  building  managers,  will  decipher  the  cusum  graph  and  identify  the  causes  leading  to  variations  in  the  consumption.  this  can  be  a  change  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement behaviour,  a  modification  to  the  process,  different  exterior  conditions,  etc.  these  changes  must  be  monitored  and  the  causes  identified  in  order  to  promote  and  enhance  good  behaviour,  and  discourage  bad  ones.  set  targets  once  the  base  line  has  been  established,  and  causes  for  variations  in  energy  consumption  have  been  identified,  it  is  time  to  set  targets  for  the  future.  now  with  all  this  information  in  hand,  the  targets  are  more  realistic,  as  they  are  based  on  the  buildings  actual  consumption.targeting  consists  in  two  main  parts:  the  measure  to  which  the  consumption  can  be  reduced,  and  the  timeframe  during  which  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement compression  will  be  achieved.a  good  initial  target  is  the  best  fit  line  identified  during  step  2.  this  line  represents  the  average  historical  performance.  therefore,  keeping  all  consumption  below  or  equal  to  the  historical  average  is  an  achievable  target,  yet  remains  a  challenge  as  it  involves  eliminating  high  consumption  peaks.some  companies,  as  they  improve  their  energy  consumption,  might  even  decide  to  bring  their  average  performance  down  to  their  historical  best.  this  is  considered  a  much  more  challenging  target.  monitor  results  this  brings  us  back  to  step  1:  measure  consumption.  one  of  the  specificities  of  mt  is  that  it  is  an  ongoing
__label__energymonitoringmanagement process,  requiring  constant  feedback  in  order  to  consistently  improve  performance.  once  the  targets  are  set  and  the  desired  measures  are  implemented,  repeating  the  procedure  from  the  start  ensures  that  the  managers  are  aware  of  the  success  or  failure  of  the  measures,  and  can  then  decide  on  further  action.  examples  an  example  with  some  features  of  an  mt  application  is  the  asu  campus  metabolism,  which  provides  realtime  and  historic  energy  use  and  generation  data  for  facilities  of  arizona  state  university  on  a  public  web  site.  many  utilities  also  offer  customers  electric  interval  data  monitoring  services.  xcel  energy  is  an  example  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement an  investor  owned  utility  that  offers  its  customer  electric  and  natural  gas  monitoring  services  under  the  product  name  infowise  from  xcel  energy  which  is  administered  by  power  takeoff,  a  third  party  partner.  see  also  building  automationdemand  responseenergy  conservationenergy  management  softwarehome  energy  monitornonintrusive  load  monitoring  references
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  development  is  the  field  of  activities  focused  on  obtaining  sources  of  energy  from  natural  resources.  these  activities  include  production  of  conventional,  alternative  and  renewable  sources  of  energy,  and  for  the  recovery  and  reuse  of  energy  that  would  otherwise  be  wasted.  energy  conservation  and  efficiency  measures  reduce  the  demand  for  energy  development,  and  can  have  benefits  to  society  with  improvements  to  environmental  issues.societies  use  energy  for  transportation,  manufacturing,  illumination,  heating  and  air  conditioning,  and  communication,  for  industrial,  commercial,  and  domestic  purposes.  energy  resources  may  be  classified  as  primary  resources,  where  the  resource  can  be  used  in  substantially  its  original  form,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement or  as  secondary  resources,  where  the  energy  source  must  be  converted  into  a  more  conveniently  usable  form.  nonrenewable  resources  are  significantly  depleted  by  human  use,  whereas  renewable  resources  are  produced  by  ongoing  processes  that  can  sustain  indefinite  human  exploitation.thousands  of  people  are  employed  in  the  energy  industry.  the  conventional  industry  comprises  the  petroleum  industry,  the  natural  gas  industry,  the  electrical  power  industry,  and  the  nuclear  industry.  new  energy  industries  include  the  renewable  energy  industry,  comprising  alternative  and  sustainable  manufacture,  distribution,  and  sale  of  alternative  fuels.  classification  of  resources  energy  resources  may  be  classified  as  primary  resources,  suitable  for  end  use
__label__energymonitoringmanagement without  conversion  to  another  form,  or  secondary  resources,  where  the  usable  form  of  energy  required  substantial  conversion  from  a  primary  source.  examples  of  primary  energy  resources  are  wind  power,  solar  power,  wood  fuel,  fossil  fuels  such  as  coal,  oil  and  natural  gas,  and  uranium.  secondary  resources  are  those  such  as  electricity,  hydrogen,  or  other  synthetic  fuels.another  important  classification  is  based  on  the  time  required  to  regenerate  an  energy  resource.  renewable  resources  are  those  that  recover  their  capacity  in  a  time  significant  by  human  needs.  examples  are  hydroelectric  power  or  wind  power,  when  the  natural  phenomena  that  are  the  primary  source
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  energy  are  ongoing  and  not  depleted  by  human  demands.  nonrenewable  resources  are  those  that  are  significantly  depleted  by  human  usage  and  that  will  not  recover  their  potential  significantly  during  human  lifetimes.  an  example  of  a  nonrenewable  energy  source  is  coal,  which  does  not  form  naturally  at  a  rate  that  would  support  human  use.  fossil  fuels  fossil  fuel  primary  nonrenewable  fossil  sources  burn  coal  or  hydrocarbon  fuels,  which  are  the  remains  of  the  decomposition  of  plants  and  animals.  there  are  three  main  types  of  fossil  fuels:  coal,  petroleum,  and  natural  gas.  another  fossil  fuel,  liquefied  petroleum  gas  lpg,  is  principally
__label__energymonitoringmanagement derived  from  the  production  of  natural  gas.  heat  from  burning  fossil  fuel  is  used  either  directly  for  space  heating  and  process  heating,  or  converted  to  mechanical  energy  for  vehicles,  industrial  processes,  or  electrical  power  generation.  these  fossil  fuels  are  part  of  the  carbon  cycle  and  thus  allow  stored  solar  energy  to  be  used  today.the  use  of  fossil  fuels  in  the  18th  and  19th  century  set  the  stage  for  the  industrial  revolution.fossil  fuels  make  up  the  bulk  of  the  worlds  current  primary  energy  sources.  in  2005,  81  of  the  worlds  energy  needs  was  met  from  fossil  sources.  the  technology  and  infrastructure
__label__energymonitoringmanagement already  exist  for  the  use  of  fossil  fuels.  liquid  fuels  derived  from  petroleum  deliver  a  great  deal  of  usable  energy  per  unit  of  weight  or  volume,  which  is  advantageous  when  compared  with  lower  energy  density  sources  such  as  a  battery.  fossil  fuels  are  currently  economical  for  decentralised  energy  use.energy  dependence  on  imported  fossil  fuels  creates  energy  security  risks  for  dependent  countries.  oil  dependence  in  particular  has  led  to  war,  funding  of  radicals,  monopolization,  and  sociopolitical  instability.fossil  fuels  are  nonrenewable  resources,  which  will  eventually  decline  in  production  and  become  exhausted.  while  the  processes  that  created  fossil  fuels  are  ongoing,  fuels  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement consumed  far  more  quickly  than  the  natural  rate  of  replenishment.  extracting  fuels  becomes  increasingly  costly  as  society  consumes  the  most  accessible  fuel  deposits.  extraction  of  fossil  fuels  results  in  environmental  degradation,  such  as  the  strip  mining  and  mountaintop  removal  of  coal.fuel  efficiency  is  a  form  of  thermal  efficiency,  meaning  the  efficiency  of  a  process  that  converts  chemical  potential  energy  contained  in  a  carrier  fuel  into  kinetic  energy  or  work.  the  fuel  economy  is  the  energy  efficiency  of  a  particular  vehicle,  is  given  as  a  ratio  of  distance  travelled  per  unit  of  fuel  consumed.  weightspecific  efficiency  efficiency  per  unit  weight  may
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  stated  for  freight,  and  passengerspecific  efficiency  vehicle  efficiency  per  passenger.  the  inefficient  atmospheric  combustion  burning  of  fossil  fuels  in  vehicles,  buildings,  and  power  plants  contributes  to  urban  heat  islands.conventional  production  of  oil  has  peaked,  conservatively,  between  2007  and  2010.  in  2010,  it  was  estimated  that  an  investment  in  nonrenewable  resources  of  8  trillion  would  be  required  to  maintain  current  levels  of  production  for  25  years.  in  2010,  governments  subsidized  fossil  fuels  by  an  estimated  500  billion  a  year.  fossil  fuels  are  also  a  source  of  greenhouse  gas  emissions,  leading  to  concerns  about  global  warming  if  consumption  is  not  reduced.the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement combustion  of  fossil  fuels  leads  to  the  release  of  pollution  into  the  atmosphere.  the  fossil  fuels  are  mainly  carbon  compounds.  during  combustion,  carbon  dioxide  is  released,  and  also  nitrogen  oxides,  soot  and  other  fine  particulates.  manmade  carbon  dioxide  according  to  the  ipcc  contributes  to  global  warming.other  emissions  from  fossil  fuel  power  station  include  sulfur  dioxide,  carbon  monoxide  co,  hydrocarbons,  volatile  organic  compounds  voc,  mercury,  arsenic,  lead,  cadmium,  and  other  heavy  metals  including  traces  of  uranium.a  typical  coal  plant  generates  billions  of  kilowatt  hours  per  year.  nuclear  fission  nuclear  power  is  the  use  of  nuclear  fission  to  generate  useful  heat  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement electricity.  fission  of  uranium  produces  nearly  all  economically  significant  nuclear  power.  radioisotope  thermoelectric  generators  form  a  very  small  component  of  energy  generation,  mostly  in  specialized  applications  such  as  deep  space  vehicles.nuclear  power  plants,  excluding  naval  reactors,  provided  about  5.7  of  the  worlds  energy  and  13  of  the  worlds  electricity  in  2012.in  2013,  the  iaea  report  that  there  are  437  operational  nuclear  power  reactors,  in  31  countries,  although  not  every  reactor  is  producing  electricity.  in  addition,  there  are  approximately  140  naval  vessels  using  nuclear  propulsion  in  operation,  powered  by  some  180  reactors.  as  of  2013,  attaining  a  net  energy  gain  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sustained  nuclear  fusion  reactions,  excluding  natural  fusion  power  sources  such  as  the  sun,  remains  an  ongoing  area  of  international  physics  and  engineering  research.  more  than  60  years  after  the  first  attempts,  commercial  fusion  power  production  remains  unlikely  before  2050.there  is  an  ongoing  debate  about  nuclear  power.  proponents,  such  as  the  world  nuclear  association,  the  iaea  and  environmentalists  for  nuclear  energy  contend  that  nuclear  power  is  a  safe,  sustainable  energy  source  that  reduces  carbon  emissions.  opponents,  such  as  greenpeace  international  and  nirs,  contend  that  nuclear  power  poses  many  threats  to  people  and  the  environment.nuclear  power  plant  accidents  include  the  chernobyl  disaster
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 1986,  fukushima  daiichi  nuclear  disaster  2011,  and  the  three  mile  island  accident  1979.  there  have  also  been  some  nuclear  submarine  accidents.  in  terms  of  lives  lost  per  unit  of  energy  generated,  analysis  has  determined  that  nuclear  power  has  caused  less  fatalities  per  unit  of  energy  generated  than  the  other  major  sources  of  energy  generation.  energy  production  from  coal,  petroleum,  natural  gas  and  hydropower  has  caused  a  greater  number  of  fatalities  per  unit  of  energy  generated  due  to  air  pollution  and  energy  accident  effects.  however,  the  economic  costs  of  nuclear  power  accidents  is  high,  and  meltdowns  can  take  decades  to  clean
__label__energymonitoringmanagement up.  the  human  costs  of  evacuations  of  affected  populations  and  lost  livelihoods  is  also  significant.comparing  nuclears  latent  cancer  deaths,  such  as  cancer  with  other  energy  sources  immediate  deaths  per  unit  of  energy  generatedgweyr.  this  study  does  not  include  fossil  fuel  related  cancer  and  other  indirect  deaths  created  by  the  use  of  fossil  fuel  consumption  in  its  severe  accident  classification,  which  would  be  an  accident  with  more  than  5  fatalities.nuclear  power  is  a  low  carbon  power  generation  method  of  producing  electricity,  with  an  analysis  of  the  literature  on  its  total  life  cycle  emission  intensity  finding  that  it  is  similar  to  renewable
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sources  in  a  comparison  of  greenhouse  gasghg  emissions  per  unit  of  energy  generated.  since  the  1970s,  nuclear  fuel  has  displaced  about  64  gigatonnes  of  carbon  dioxide  equivalentgtco2eq  greenhouse  gases,  that  would  have  otherwise  resulted  from  the  burning  of  oil,  coal  or  natural  gas  in  fossilfuel  power  stations.as  of  2012,  according  to  the  iaea,  worldwide  there  were  68  civil  nuclear  power  reactors  under  construction  in  15  countries,  approximately  28  of  which  in  the  peoples  republic  of  china  prc,  with  the  most  recent  nuclear  power  reactor,  as  of  may  2013,  to  be  connected  to  the  electrical  grid,  occurring  on  february  17,  2013
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  hongyanhe  nuclear  power  plant  in  the  prc.  in  the  united  states,  two  new  generation  iii  reactors  are  under  construction  at  vogtle.  u.s.  nuclear  industry  officials  expect  five  new  reactors  to  enter  service  by  2020,  all  at  existing  plants.  in  2013,  four  aging,  uncompetitive,  reactors  were  permanently  closed.japans  2011  fukushima  daiichi  nuclear  accident,  which  occurred  in  a  reactor  design  from  the  1960s,  prompted  a  rethink  of  nuclear  safety  and  nuclear  energy  policy  in  many  countries.  germany  decided  to  close  all  its  reactors  by  2022,  and  italy  has  banned  nuclear  power.  following  fukushima,  in  2011  the  international  energy  agency  halved  its
__label__energymonitoringmanagement estimate  of  additional  nuclear  generating  capacity  to  be  built  by  2035.recent  experiments  in  extraction  of  uranium  use  polymer  ropes  that  are  coated  with  a  substance  that  selectively  absorbs  uranium  from  seawater.  this  process  could  make  the  considerable  volume  of  uranium  dissolved  in  seawater  exploitable  for  energy  production.  since  ongoing  geologic  processes  carry  uranium  to  the  sea  in  amounts  comparable  to  the  amount  that  would  be  extracted  by  this  process,  in  a  sense  the  seaborne  uranium  becomes  a  sustainable  resource.  fission  economics  the  economics  of  new  nuclear  power  plants  is  a  controversial  subject,  since  there  are  diverging  views  on  this  topic,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  multibilliondollar  investments  ride  on  the  choice  of  an  energy  source.  nuclear  power  plants  typically  have  high  capital  costs  for  building  the  plant,  but  low  direct  fuel  costs.  in  recent  years  there  has  been  a  slowdown  of  electricity  demand  growth  and  financing  has  become  more  difficult,  which  affects  large  projects  such  as  nuclear  reactors,  with  very  large  upfront  costs  and  long  project  cycles  which  carry  a  large  variety  of  risks.  in  eastern  europe,  a  number  of  longestablished  projects  are  struggling  to  find  finance,  notably  belene  in  bulgaria  and  the  additional  reactors  at  cernavoda  in  romania,  and  some  potential  backers  have
__label__energymonitoringmanagement pulled  out.  where  cheap  gas  is  available  and  its  future  supply  relatively  secure,  this  also  poses  a  major  problem  for  nuclear  projects.analysis  of  the  economics  of  nuclear  power  must  take  into  account  who  bears  the  risks  of  future  uncertainties.  to  date  all  operating  nuclear  power  plants  were  developed  by  stateowned  or  regulated  utility  monopolies  where  many  of  the  risks  associated  with  construction  costs,  operating  performance,  fuel  price,  and  other  factors  were  borne  by  consumers  rather  than  suppliers.  many  countries  have  now  liberalized  the  electricity  market  where  these  risks,  and  the  risk  of  cheaper  competitors  emerging  before  capital  costs  are  recovered,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement are  borne  by  plant  suppliers  and  operators  rather  than  consumers,  which  leads  to  a  significantly  different  evaluation  of  the  economics  of  new  nuclear  power  plants.  fukushima  following  the  2011  fukushima  daiichi  nuclear  disaster  the  second  worst  nuclear  incident,  that  displaced  50,000  households  after  radioactive  material  leaked  into  the  air,  soil  and  sea,  and  with  subsequent  radiation  checks  leading  to  bans  on  some  shipments  of  vegetables  and  fish  a  global  public  support  survey  by  ipsos  2011  for  energy  sources  was  published  and  nuclear  fission  was  found  to  be  the  least  popular  costs  costs  are  likely  to  go  up  for  currently  operating
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  new  nuclear  power  plants,  due  to  increased  requirements  for  onsite  spent  fuel  management  and  elevated  design  basis  threats.  while  first  of  their  kind  designs,  such  as  the  eprs  under  construction  are  behind  schedule  and  overbudget,  of  the  seven  south  korean  apr1400s  presently  under  construction  worldwide,  two  are  in  s.korea  at  the  hanul  nuclear  power  plant  and  four  are  at  the  largest  nuclear  station  construction  project  in  the  world  as  of  2016,  in  the  united  arab  emirates  at  the  planned  barakah  nuclear  power  plant.  the  first  reactor,  barakah1  is  85  completed  and  on  schedule  for  gridconnection  during  2017.  two  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  four  eprs  under  construction  in  finland  and  france  are  significantly  behind  schedule  and  substantially  over  cost.  renewable  sources  renewable  energy  is  generally  defined  as  energy  that  comes  from  resources  which  are  naturally  replenished  on  a  human  timescale  such  as  sunlight,  wind,  rain,  tides,  waves  and  geothermal  heat.  renewable  energy  replaces  conventional  fuels  in  four  distinct  areas:  electricity  generation,  hot  water/space  heating,  motor  fuels,  and  rural  offgrid  energy  services.about  16  of  global  final  energy  consumption  presently  comes  from  renewable  resources,  with  10  of  all  energy  from  traditional  biomass,  mainly  used  for  heating,  and  3.4  from  hydroelectricity.  new  renewables  small  hydro,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement modern  biomass,  wind,  solar,  geothermal,  and  biofuels  account  for  another  3  and  are  growing  rapidly.  at  the  national  level,  at  least  30  nations  around  the  world  already  have  renewable  energy  contributing  more  than  20  of  energy  supply.  national  renewable  energy  markets  are  projected  to  continue  to  grow  strongly  in  the  coming  decade  and  beyond.  wind  power,  for  example,  is  growing  at  the  rate  of  30  annually,  with  a  worldwide  installed  capacity  of  282,482  megawatts  mw  at  the  end  of  2012.renewable  energy  resources  exist  over  wide  geographical  areas,  in  contrast  to  other  energy  sources,  which  are  concentrated  in  a  limited  number
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  countries.  rapid  deployment  of  renewable  energy  and  energy  efficiency  is  resulting  in  significant  energy  security,  climate  change  mitigation,  and  economic  benefits.  in  international  public  opinion  surveys  there  is  strong  support  for  promoting  renewable  sources  such  as  solar  power  and  wind  power.while  many  renewable  energy  projects  are  largescale,  renewable  technologies  are  also  suited  to  rural  and  remote  areas  and  developing  countries,  where  energy  is  often  crucial  in  human  development.  united  nations  secretarygeneral  ban  kimoon  has  said  that  renewable  energy  has  the  ability  to  lift  the  poorest  nations  to  new  levels  of  prosperity.  hydroelectricity  hydroelectricity  is  electric  power  generated  by  hydropower;
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  force  of  falling  or  flowing  water.  in  2015  hydropower  generated  16.6  of  the  worlds  total  electricity  and  70  of  all  renewable  electricity  and  is  expected  to  increase  about  3.1  each  year  for  the  next  25  years.hydropower  is  produced  in  150  countries,  with  the  asiapacific  region  generating  32  percent  of  global  hydropower  in  2010.  china  is  the  largest  hydroelectricity  producer,  with  721  terawatthours  of  production  in  2010,  representing  around  17  percent  of  domestic  electricity  use.  there  are  now  three  hydroelectricity  plants  larger  than  10  gw:  the  three  gorges  dam  in  china,  itaipu  dam  across  the  brazil/paraguay  border,  and  guri  dam
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  venezuela.the  cost  of  hydroelectricity  is  relatively  low,  making  it  a  competitive  source  of  renewable  electricity.  the  average  cost  of  electricity  from  a  hydro  plant  larger  than  10  megawatts  is  3  to  5  u.s.  cents  per  kilowatthour.  hydro  is  also  a  flexible  source  of  electricity  since  plants  can  be  ramped  up  and  down  very  quickly  to  adapt  to  changing  energy  demands.  however,  damming  interrupts  the  flow  of  rivers  and  can  harm  local  ecosystems,  and  building  large  dams  and  reservoirs  often  involves  displacing  people  and  wildlife.  once  a  hydroelectric  complex  is  constructed,  the  project  produces  no  direct  waste,  and  has  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement considerably  lower  output  level  of  the  greenhouse  gas  carbon  dioxide  than  fossil  fuel  powered  energy  plants.  wind  wind  power  harnesses  the  power  of  the  wind  to  propel  the  blades  of  wind  turbines.  these  turbines  cause  the  rotation  of  magnets,  which  creates  electricity.  wind  towers  are  usually  built  together  on  wind  farms.  there  are  offshore  and  onshore  wind  farms.  global  wind  power  capacity  has  expanded  rapidly  to  336  gw  in  june  2014,  and  wind  energy  production  was  around  4  of  total  worldwide  electricity  usage,  and  growing  rapidly.wind  power  is  widely  used  in  europe,  asia,  and  the  united  states.  several  countries  have
__label__energymonitoringmanagement achieved  relatively  high  levels  of  wind  power  penetration,  such  as  21  of  stationary  electricity  production  in  denmark,  18  in  portugal,  16  in  spain,  14  in  ireland,  and  9  in  germany  in  2010.  by  2011,  at  times  over  50  of  electricity  in  germany  and  spain  came  from  wind  and  solar  power.  as  of  2011,  83  countries  around  the  world  are  using  wind  power  on  a  commercial  basis.many  of  the  worlds  largest  onshore  wind  farms  are  located  in  the  united  states,  china,  and  india.  most  of  the  worlds  largest  offshore  wind  farms  are  located  in  denmark,  germany  and  the  united  kingdom.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement two  largest  offshore  wind  farm  are  currently  the  630  mw  london  array  and  gwynt  y  mr.  solar  solar  energy,  radiant  light  and  heat  from  the  sun,  is  harnessed  using  a  range  of  everevolving  technologies  such  as  solar  heating,  solar  photovoltaics,  solar  thermal  electricity,  solar  architecture  and  artificial  photosynthesis.solar  technologies  are  broadly  characterized  as  either  passive  solar  or  active  solar  depending  on  the  way  they  capture,  convert  and  distribute  solar  energy.  active  solar  techniques  include  the  use  of  photovoltaic  panels  and  solar  thermal  collectors  to  harness  the  energy.  passive  solar  techniques  include  orienting  a  building  to  the  sun,  selecting  materials  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement favorable  thermal  mass  or  light  dispersing  properties,  and  designing  spaces  that  naturally  circulate  air.in  2011,  the  international  energy  agency  said  that  the  development  of  affordable,  inexhaustible  and  clean  solar  energy  technologies  will  have  huge  longerterm  benefits.  it  will  increase  countries  energy  security  through  reliance  on  an  indigenous,  inexhaustible  and  mostly  importindependent  resource,  enhance  sustainability,  reduce  pollution,  lower  the  costs  of  mitigating  climate  change,  and  keep  fossil  fuel  prices  lower  than  otherwise.  these  advantages  are  global.  hence  the  additional  costs  of  the  incentives  for  early  deployment  should  be  considered  learning  investments;  they  must  be  wisely  spent  and  need  to  be  widely
__label__energymonitoringmanagement shared.  more  than  100  countries  use  solar  pv.photovoltaics  pv  is  a  method  of  generating  electrical  power  by  converting  solar  radiation  into  direct  current  electricity  using  semiconductors  that  exhibit  the  photovoltaic  effect.  photovoltaic  power  generation  employs  solar  panels  composed  of  a  number  of  solar  cells  containing  a  photovoltaic  material.  materials  presently  used  for  photovoltaics  include  monocrystalline  silicon,  polycrystalline  silicon,  amorphous  silicon,  cadmium  telluride,  and  copper  indium  gallium  selenide/sulfide.  due  to  the  increased  demand  for  renewable  energy  sources,  the  manufacturing  of  solar  cells  and  photovoltaic  arrays  has  advanced  considerably  in  recent  years.solar  photovoltaics  is  a  sustainable  energy  source.  by  the  end  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 2018,  a  total  of  505  gw  had  been  installed  worldwide  with  100  gw  installed  in  that  year.driven  by  advances  in  technology  and  increases  in  manufacturing  scale  and  sophistication,  the  cost  of  photovoltaics  has  declined  steadily  since  the  first  solar  cells  were  manufactured,  and  the  levelised  cost  of  electricity  lcoe  from  pv  is  competitive  with  conventional  electricity  sources  in  an  expanding  list  of  geographic  regions.  net  metering  and  financial  incentives,  such  as  preferential  feedin  tariffs  for  solargenerated  electricity,  have  supported  solar  pv  installations  in  many  countries.  the  energy  payback  time  epbt,  also  known  as  energy  amortization,  depends  on  the  locations  annual
__label__energymonitoringmanagement solar  insolation  and  temperature  profile,  as  well  as  on  the  used  type  of  pvtechnology.  for  conventional  crystalline  silicon  photovoltaics,  the  epbt  is  higher  than  for  thinfilm  technologies  such  as  cdtepv  or  cpvsystems.  moreover,  the  payback  time  decreased  in  the  recent  years  due  to  a  number  of  improvements  such  as  solar  cell  efficiency  and  more  economic  manufacturing  processes.  as  of  2014,  photovoltaics  recoup  on  average  the  energy  needed  to  manufacture  them  in  0.7  to  2  years.  this  results  in  about  95  of  netclean  energy  produced  by  a  solar  rooftop  pv  system  over  a  30year  lifetime.  installations  may  be  groundmounted  and  sometimes
__label__energymonitoringmanagement integrated  with  farming  and  grazing  or  built  into  the  roof  or  walls  of  a  building  either  buildingintegrated  photovoltaics  or  simply  rooftop.  biofuels  a  biofuel  is  a  fuel  that  contains  energy  from  geologically  recent  carbon  fixation.  these  fuels  are  produced  from  living  organisms.  examples  of  this  carbon  fixation  occur  in  plants  and  microalgae.  these  fuels  are  made  by  a  biomass  conversion  biomass  refers  to  recently  living  organisms,  most  often  referring  to  plants  or  plantderived  materials.  this  biomass  can  be  converted  to  convenient  energy  containing  substances  in  three  different  ways:  thermal  conversion,  chemical  conversion,  and  biochemical  conversion.  this  biomass  conversion  can  result
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  fuel  in  solid,  liquid,  or  gas  form.  this  new  biomass  can  be  used  for  biofuels.  biofuels  have  increased  in  popularity  because  of  rising  oil  prices  and  the  need  for  energy  security.bioethanol  is  an  alcohol  made  by  fermentation,  mostly  from  carbohydrates  produced  in  sugar  or  starch  crops  such  as  corn  or  sugarcane.  cellulosic  biomass,  derived  from  nonfood  sources,  such  as  trees  and  grasses,  is  also  being  developed  as  a  feedstock  for  ethanol  production.  ethanol  can  be  used  as  a  fuel  for  vehicles  in  its  pure  form,  but  it  is  usually  used  as  a  gasoline  additive  to  increase  octane  and  improve
__label__energymonitoringmanagement vehicle  emissions.  bioethanol  is  widely  used  in  the  usa  and  in  brazil.  current  plant  design  does  not  provide  for  converting  the  lignin  portion  of  plant  raw  materials  to  fuel  components  by  fermentation.biodiesel  is  made  from  vegetable  oils  and  animal  fats.  biodiesel  can  be  used  as  a  fuel  for  vehicles  in  its  pure  form,  but  it  is  usually  used  as  a  diesel  additive  to  reduce  levels  of  particulates,  carbon  monoxide,  and  hydrocarbons  from  dieselpowered  vehicles.  biodiesel  is  produced  from  oils  or  fats  using  transesterification  and  is  the  most  common  biofuel  in  europe.  however,  research  is  underway  on  producing  renewable  fuels  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement decarboxylationin  2010,  worldwide  biofuel  production  reached  105  billion  liters  28  billion  gallons  us,  up  17  from  2009,  and  biofuels  provided  2.7  of  the  worlds  fuels  for  road  transport,  a  contribution  largely  made  up  of  ethanol  and  biodiesel.  global  ethanol  fuel  production  reached  86  billion  liters  23  billion  gallons  us  in  2010,  with  the  united  states  and  brazil  as  the  worlds  top  producers,  accounting  together  for  90  of  global  production.  the  worlds  largest  biodiesel  producer  is  the  european  union,  accounting  for  53  of  all  biodiesel  production  in  2010.  as  of  2011,  mandates  for  blending  biofuels  exist  in  31  countries  at  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement national  level  and  in  29  states  or  provinces.  the  international  energy  agency  has  a  goal  for  biofuels  to  meet  more  than  a  quarter  of  world  demand  for  transportation  fuels  by  2050  to  reduce  dependence  on  petroleum  and  coal.  geothermal  geothermal  energy  is  thermal  energy  generated  and  stored  in  the  earth.  thermal  energy  is  the  energy  that  determines  the  temperature  of  matter.  the  geothermal  energy  of  the  earths  crust  originates  from  the  original  formation  of  the  planet  20  and  from  radioactive  decay  of  minerals  80.  the  geothermal  gradient,  which  is  the  difference  in  temperature  between  the  core  of  the  planet  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement its  surface,  drives  a  continuous  conduction  of  thermal  energy  in  the  form  of  heat  from  the  core  to  the  surface.  the  adjective  geothermal  originates  from  the  greek  roots  ge,  meaning  earth,  and  thermos,  meaning  hot.earths  internal  heat  is  thermal  energy  generated  from  radioactive  decay  and  continual  heat  loss  from  earths  formation.  temperatures  at  the  coremantle  boundary  may  reach  over  4000  c  7,200  f.  the  high  temperature  and  pressure  in  earths  interior  cause  some  rock  to  melt  and  solid  mantle  to  behave  plastically,  resulting  in  portions  of  mantle  convecting  upward  since  it  is  lighter  than  the  surrounding  rock.  rock  and  water
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  heated  in  the  crust,  sometimes  up  to  370  c  700  f.from  hot  springs,  geothermal  energy  has  been  used  for  bathing  since  paleolithic  times  and  for  space  heating  since  ancient  roman  times,  but  it  is  now  better  known  for  electricity  generation.  worldwide,  11,400  megawatts  mw  of  geothermal  power  is  online  in  24  countries  in  2012.  an  additional  28  gigawatts  of  direct  geothermal  heating  capacity  is  installed  for  district  heating,  space  heating,  spas,  industrial  processes,  desalination  and  agricultural  applications  in  2010.geothermal  power  is  cost  effective,  reliable,  sustainable,  and  environmentally  friendly,  but  has  historically  been  limited  to  areas  near  tectonic  plate  boundaries.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement recent  technological  advances  have  dramatically  expanded  the  range  and  size  of  viable  resources,  especially  for  applications  such  as  home  heating,  opening  a  potential  for  widespread  exploitation.  geothermal  wells  release  greenhouse  gases  trapped  deep  within  the  earth,  but  these  emissions  are  much  lower  per  energy  unit  than  those  of  fossil  fuels.  as  a  result,  geothermal  power  has  the  potential  to  help  mitigate  global  warming  if  widely  deployed  in  place  of  fossil  fuels.the  earths  geothermal  resources  are  theoretically  more  than  adequate  to  supply  humanitys  energy  needs,  but  only  a  very  small  fraction  may  be  profitably  exploited.  drilling  and  exploration  for  deep  resources
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  very  expensive.  forecasts  for  the  future  of  geothermal  power  depend  on  assumptions  about  technology,  energy  prices,  subsidies,  and  interest  rates.  pilot  programs  like  ewebs  customer  opt  in  green  power  program  show  that  customers  would  be  willing  to  pay  a  little  more  for  a  renewable  energy  source  like  geothermal.  but  as  a  result  of  government  assisted  research  and  industry  experience,  the  cost  of  generating  geothermal  power  has  decreased  by  25  over  the  past  two  decades.  in  2001,  geothermal  energy  cost  between  two  and  ten  us  cents  per  kwh.  oceanic  marine  energy  or  marine  power  also  sometimes  referred  to  as  ocean
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy,  ocean  power,  or  marine  and  hydrokinetic  energy  refers  to  the  energy  carried  by  ocean  waves,  tides,  salinity,  and  ocean  temperature  differences.  the  movement  of  water  in  the  worlds  oceans  creates  a  vast  store  of  kinetic  energy,  or  energy  in  motion.  this  energy  can  be  harnessed  to  generate  electricity  to  power  homes,  transport  and  industries.the  term  marine  energy  encompasses  both  wave  power  i.e.  power  from  surface  waves,  and  tidal  power  i.e.  obtained  from  the  kinetic  energy  of  large  bodies  of  moving  water.  offshore  wind  power  is  not  a  form  of  marine  energy,  as  wind  power  is  derived  from  the  wind,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement even  if  the  wind  turbines  are  placed  over  water.the  oceans  have  a  tremendous  amount  of  energy  and  are  close  to  many  if  not  most  concentrated  populations.  ocean  energy  has  the  potential  of  providing  a  substantial  amount  of  new  renewable  energy  around  the  world.  100  renewable  energy  the  incentive  to  use  100  renewable  energy,  for  electricity,  transport,  or  even  total  primary  energy  supply  globally,  has  been  motivated  by  global  warming  and  other  ecological  as  well  as  economic  concerns.  renewable  energy  use  has  grown  much  faster  than  anyone  anticipated.  the  intergovernmental  panel  on  climate  change  has  said  that  there  are  few  fundamental
__label__energymonitoringmanagement technological  limits  to  integrating  a  portfolio  of  renewable  energy  technologies  to  meet  most  of  total  global  energy  demand.  at  the  national  level,  at  least  30  nations  around  the  world  already  have  renewable  energy  contributing  more  than  20  of  energy  supply.  also,  professors  s.  pacala  and  robert  h.  socolow  have  developed  a  series  of  stabilization  wedges  that  can  allow  us  to  maintain  our  quality  of  life  while  avoiding  catastrophic  climate  change,  and  renewable  energy  sources,  in  aggregate,  constitute  the  largest  number  of  their  wedges.  mark  z.  jacobson  says  producing  all  new  energy  with  wind  power,  solar  power,  and  hydropower  by  2030
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  feasible  and  existing  energy  supply  arrangements  could  be  replaced  by  2050.  barriers  to  implementing  the  renewable  energy  plan  are  seen  to  be  primarily  social  and  political,  not  technological  or  economic.  jacobson  says  that  energy  costs  with  a  wind,  solar,  water  system  should  be  similar  to  todays  energy  costs.similarly,  in  the  united  states,  the  independent  national  research  council  has  noted  that  sufficient  domestic  renewable  resources  exist  to  allow  renewable  electricity  to  play  a  significant  role  in  future  electricity  generation  and  thus  help  confront  issues  related  to  climate  change,  energy  security,  and  the  escalation  of  energy  costs  renewable  energy  is  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement attractive  option  because  renewable  resources  available  in  the  united  states,  taken  collectively,  can  supply  significantly  greater  amounts  of  electricity  than  the  total  current  or  projected  domestic  demand.  .critics  of  the  100  renewable  energy  approach  include  vaclav  smil  and  james  e.  hansen.  smil  and  hansen  are  concerned  about  the  variable  output  of  solar  and  wind  power,  but  amory  lovins  argues  that  the  electricity  grid  can  cope,  just  as  it  routinely  backs  up  nonworking  coalfired  and  nuclear  plants  with  working  ones.google  spent  30  million  on  their  rec  project  to  develop  renewable  energy  and  stave  off  catastrophic  climate  change.  the  project  was  cancelled
__label__energymonitoringmanagement after  concluding  that  a  bestcase  scenario  for  rapid  advances  in  renewable  energy  could  only  result  in  emissions  55  percent  below  the  fossil  fuel  projections  for  2050.  increased  energy  efficiency  although  increasing  the  efficiency  of  energy  use  is  not  energy  development  per  se,  it  may  be  considered  under  the  topic  of  energy  development  since  it  makes  existing  energy  sources  available  to  do  work.efficient  energy  use  reduces  the  amount  of  energy  required  to  provide  products  and  services.  for  example,  insulating  a  home  allows  a  building  to  use  less  heating  and  cooling  energy  to  maintain  a  comfortable  temperature.  installing  fluorescent  lamps  or  natural
__label__energymonitoringmanagement skylights  reduces  the  amount  of  energy  required  for  illumination  compared  to  incandescent  light  bulbs.  compact  fluorescent  lights  use  twothirds  less  energy  and  may  last  6  to  10  times  longer  than  incandescent  lights.  improvements  in  energy  efficiency  are  most  often  achieved  by  adopting  an  efficient  technology  or  production  process.reducing  energy  use  may  save  consumers  money,  if  the  energy  savings  offsets  the  cost  of  an  energy  efficient  technology.  reducing  energy  use  reduces  emissions.  according  to  the  international  energy  agency,  improved  energy  efficiency  in  buildings,  industrial  processes  and  transportation  could  reduce  the  worlds  energy  needs  in  2050  by  one  third,  and  help  control
__label__energymonitoringmanagement global  emissions  of  greenhouse  gases.energy  efficiency  and  renewable  energy  are  said  to  be  the  twin  pillars  of  sustainable  energy  policy.  in  many  countries  energy  efficiency  is  also  seen  to  have  a  national  security  benefit  because  it  can  be  used  to  reduce  the  level  of  energy  imports  from  foreign  countries  and  may  slow  down  the  rate  at  which  domestic  energy  resources  are  depleted.its  been  discovered  that  for  oecd  countries,  wind,  geothermal,  hydro  and  nuclear  have  the  lowest  hazard  rates  among  energy  sources  in  production.  transmission  while  new  sources  of  energy  are  only  rarely  discovered  or  made  possible  by  new  technology,  distribution
__label__energymonitoringmanagement technology  continually  evolves.  the  use  of  fuel  cells  in  cars,  for  example,  is  an  anticipated  delivery  technology.  this  section  presents  the  various  delivery  technologies  that  have  been  important  to  historic  energy  development.  they  all  rely  in  way  on  the  energy  sources  listed  in  the  previous  section.  shipping  and  pipelines  coal,  petroleum  and  their  derivatives  are  delivered  by  boat,  rail,  or  road.  petroleum  and  natural  gas  may  also  be  delivered  by  pipeline,  and  coal  via  a  slurry  pipeline.  fuels  such  as  gasoline  and  lpg  may  also  be  delivered  via  aircraft.  natural  gas  pipelines  must  maintain  a  certain  minimum  pressure  to  function
__label__energymonitoringmanagement correctly.  the  higher  costs  of  ethanol  transportation  and  storage  are  often  prohibitive.  wired  energy  transfer  electricity  grids  are  the  networks  used  to  transmit  and  distribute  power  from  production  source  to  end  user,  when  the  two  may  be  hundreds  of  kilometres  away.  sources  include  electrical  generation  plants  such  as  a  nuclear  reactor,  coal  burning  power  plant,  etc.  a  combination  of  substations  and  transmission  lines  are  used  to  maintain  a  constant  flow  of  electricity.  grids  may  suffer  from  transient  blackouts  and  brownouts,  often  due  to  weather  damage.  during  certain  extreme  space  weather  events  solar  wind  can  interfere  with  transmissions.  grids  also  have
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  predefined  carrying  capacity  or  load  that  cannot  safely  be  exceeded.  when  power  requirements  exceed  whats  available,  failures  are  inevitable.  to  prevent  problems,  power  is  then  rationed.industrialised  countries  such  as  canada,  the  us,  and  australia  are  among  the  highest  per  capita  consumers  of  electricity  in  the  world,  which  is  possible  thanks  to  a  widespread  electrical  distribution  network.  the  us  grid  is  one  of  the  most  advanced,  although  infrastructure  maintenance  is  becoming  a  problem.  currentenergy  provides  a  realtime  overview  of  the  electricity  supply  and  demand  for  california,  texas,  and  the  northeast  of  the  us.  african  countries  with  small  scale  electrical  grids
__label__energymonitoringmanagement have  a  correspondingly  low  annual  per  capita  usage  of  electricity.  one  of  the  most  powerful  power  grids  in  the  world  supplies  power  to  the  state  of  queensland,  australia.  wireless  energy  transfer  wireless  power  transfer  is  a  process  whereby  electrical  energy  is  transmitted  from  a  power  source  to  an  electrical  load  that  does  not  have  a  builtin  power  source,  without  the  use  of  interconnecting  wires.  currently  available  technology  is  limited  to  short  distances  and  relatively  low  power  level.orbiting  solar  power  collectors  would  require  wireless  transmission  of  power  to  earth.  the  proposed  method  involves  creating  a  large  beam  of  microwavefrequency  radio  waves,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement which  would  be  aimed  at  a  collector  antenna  site  on  the  earth.  formidable  technical  challenges  exist  to  ensure  the  safety  and  profitability  of  such  a  scheme.  storage  energy  storage  is  accomplished  by  devices  or  physical  media  that  store  energy  to  perform  useful  operation  at  a  later  time.  a  device  that  stores  energy  is  sometimes  called  an  accumulator.all  forms  of  energy  are  either  potential  energy  e.g.  chemical,  gravitational,  electrical  energy,  temperature  differential,  latent  heat,  etc.  or  kinetic  energy  e.g.  momentum.  some  technologies  provide  only  shortterm  energy  storage,  and  others  can  be  very  longterm  such  as  power  to  gas  using  hydrogen  or
__label__energymonitoringmanagement methane  and  the  storage  of  heat  or  cold  between  opposing  seasons  in  deep  aquifers  or  bedrock.  a  windup  clock  stores  potential  energy  in  this  case  mechanical,  in  the  spring  tension,  a  battery  stores  readily  convertible  chemical  energy  to  operate  a  mobile  phone,  and  a  hydroelectric  dam  stores  energy  in  a  reservoir  as  gravitational  potential  energy.  ice  storage  tanks  store  ice  thermal  energy  in  the  form  of  latent  heat  at  night  to  meet  peak  demand  for  cooling.  fossil  fuels  such  as  coal  and  gasoline  store  ancient  energy  derived  from  sunlight  by  organisms  that  later  died,  became  buried  and  over  time  were
__label__energymonitoringmanagement then  converted  into  these  fuels.  even  food  which  is  made  by  the  same  process  as  fossil  fuels  is  a  form  of  energy  stored  in  chemical  form.  history  since  prehistory,  when  humanity  discovered  fire  to  warm  up  and  roast  food,  through  the  middle  ages  in  which  populations  built  windmills  to  grind  the  wheat,  until  the  modern  era  in  which  nations  can  get  electricity  splitting  the  atom.  man  has  sought  endlessly  for  energy  sources.except  nuclear,  geothermal  and  tidal,  all  other  energy  sources  are  from  current  solar  isolation  or  from  fossil  remains  of  plant  and  animal  life  that  relied  upon  sunlight.  ultimately,  solar
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  itself  is  the  result  of  the  suns  nuclear  fusion.  geothermal  power  from  hot,  hardened  rock  above  the  magma  of  the  earths  core  is  the  result  of  the  decay  of  radioactive  materials  present  beneath  the  earths  crust,  and  nuclear  fission  relies  on  manmade  fission  of  heavy  radioactive  elements  in  the  earths  crust;  in  both  cases  these  elements  were  produced  in  supernova  explosions  before  the  formation  of  the  solar  system.since  the  beginning  of  the  industrial  revolution,  the  question  of  the  future  of  energy  supplies  has  been  of  interest.  in  1865,  william  stanley  jevons  published  the  coal  question  in  which  he  saw
__label__energymonitoringmanagement that  the  reserves  of  coal  were  being  depleted  and  that  oil  was  an  ineffective  replacement.  in  1914,  u.s.  bureau  of  mines  stated  that  the  total  production  was  5.7  billion  barrels  910,000,000  m3.  in  1956,  geophysicist  m.  king  hubbert  deduces  that  u.s.  oil  production  would  peak  between  1965  and  1970  and  that  oil  production  will  peak  within  half  a  century  on  the  basis  of  1956  data.  in  1989,  predicted  peak  by  colin  campbell  in  2004,  opec  estimated,  with  substantial  investments,  it  would  nearly  double  oil  output  by  2025  sustainability  the  environmental  movement  has  emphasized  sustainability  of  energy  use  and  development.  renewable
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  is  sustainable  in  its  production;  the  available  supply  will  not  be  diminished  for  the  foreseeable  future  millions  or  billions  of  years.  sustainability  also  refers  to  the  ability  of  the  environment  to  cope  with  waste  products,  especially  air  pollution.  sources  which  have  no  direct  waste  products  such  as  wind,  solar,  and  hydropower  are  brought  up  on  this  point.  with  global  demand  for  energy  growing,  the  need  to  adopt  various  energy  sources  is  growing.  energy  conservation  is  an  alternative  or  complementary  process  to  energy  development.  it  reduces  the  demand  for  energy  by  using  it  efficiently.  resilience  some  observers  contend  that  idea
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  energy  independence  is  an  unrealistic  and  opaque  concept.  the  alternative  offer  of  energy  resilience  is  a  goal  aligned  with  economic,  security,  and  energy  realities.  the  notion  of  resilience  in  energy  was  detailed  in  the  1982  book  brittle  power:  energy  strategy  for  national  security.  the  authors  argued  that  simply  switching  to  domestic  energy  would  not  be  secure  inherently  because  the  true  weakness  is  the  interdependent  and  vulnerable  energy  infrastructure  of  the  united  states.  key  aspects  such  as  gas  lines  and  the  electrical  power  grid  are  centralized  and  easily  susceptible  to  disruption.  they  conclude  that  a  resilient  energy  supply  is  necessary
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  both  national  security  and  the  environment.  they  recommend  a  focus  on  energy  efficiency  and  renewable  energy  that  is  decentralized.in  2008,  former  intel  corporation  chairman  and  ceo  andrew  grove  looked  to  energy  resilience,  arguing  that  complete  independence  is  unfeasible  given  the  global  market  for  energy.  he  describes  energy  resilience  as  the  ability  to  adjust  to  interruptions  in  the  supply  of  energy.  to  that  end,  he  suggests  the  u.s.  make  greater  use  of  electricity.  electricity  can  be  produced  from  a  variety  of  sources.  a  diverse  energy  supply  will  be  less  affected  by  the  disruption  in  supply  of  any  one  source.  he
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reasons  that  another  feature  of  electrification  is  that  electricity  is  sticky  meaning  the  electricity  produced  in  the  u.s.  is  to  stay  there  because  it  cannot  be  transported  overseas.  according  to  grove,  a  key  aspect  of  advancing  electrification  and  energy  resilience  will  be  converting  the  u.s.  automotive  fleet  from  gasolinepowered  to  electricpowered.  this,  in  turn,  will  require  the  modernization  and  expansion  of  the  electrical  power  grid.  as  organizations  such  as  the  reform  institute  have  pointed  out,  advancements  associated  with  the  developing  smart  grid  would  facilitate  the  ability  of  the  grid  to  absorb  vehicles  en  masse  connecting  to  it  to  charge  their
__label__energymonitoringmanagement batteries.  present  and  future  extrapolations  from  current  knowledge  to  the  future  offer  a  choice  of  energy  futures.  predictions  parallel  the  malthusian  catastrophe  hypothesis.  numerous  are  complex  models  based  scenarios  as  pioneered  by  limits  to  growth.  modeling  approaches  offer  ways  to  analyze  diverse  strategies,  and  hopefully  find  a  road  to  rapid  and  sustainable  development  of  humanity.  short  term  energy  crises  are  also  a  concern  of  energy  development.  extrapolations  lack  plausibility,  particularly  when  they  predict  a  continual  increase  in  oil  consumption.energy  production  usually  requires  an  energy  investment.  drilling  for  oil  or  building  a  wind  power  plant  requires  energy.  the  fossil  fuel  resources
__label__energymonitoringmanagement that  are  left  are  often  increasingly  difficult  to  extract  and  convert.  they  may  thus  require  increasingly  higher  energy  investments.  if  investment  is  greater  than  the  value  of  the  energy  produced  by  the  resource,  it  is  no  longer  an  effective  energy  source.  these  resources  are  no  longer  an  energy  source  but  may  be  exploited  for  value  as  raw  materials.  new  technology  may  lower  the  energy  investment  required  to  extract  and  convert  the  resources,  although  ultimately  basic  physics  sets  limits  that  cannot  be  exceeded.between  1950  and  1984,  as  the  green  revolution  transformed  agriculture  around  the  globe,  world  grain  production  increased  by  250.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  energy  for  the  green  revolution  was  provided  by  fossil  fuels  in  the  form  of  fertilizers  natural  gas,  pesticides  oil,  and  hydrocarbon  fueled  irrigation.  the  peaking  of  world  hydrocarbon  production  peak  oil  may  lead  to  significant  changes,  and  require  sustainable  methods  of  production.  one  vision  of  a  sustainable  energy  future  involves  all  human  structures  on  the  earths  surface  i.e.,  buildings,  vehicles  and  roads  doing  artificial  photosynthesis  using  sunlight  to  split  water  as  a  source  of  hydrogen  and  absorbing  carbon  dioxide  to  make  fertilizer  efficiently  than  plants.with  contemporary  space  industrys  economic  activity  and  the  related  private  spaceflight,  with  the  manufacturing  industries,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement that  go  into  earths  orbit  or  beyond,  delivering  them  to  those  regions  will  require  further  energy  development.  researchers  have  contemplated  spacebased  solar  power  for  collecting  solar  power  for  use  on  earth.  spacebased  solar  power  has  been  in  research  since  the  early  1970s.  spacebased  solar  power  would  require  construction  of  collector  structures  in  space.  the  advantage  over  groundbased  solar  power  is  higher  intensity  of  light,  and  no  weather  to  interrupt  power  collection.  see  also  policyenergy  policy,  energy  policy  of  the  united  states,  energy  policy  of  china,  energy  policy  of  india,  energy  policy  of  the  european  union,  energy  policy  of  the  united
__label__energymonitoringmanagement kingdom,  energy  policy  of  russia,  energy  policy  of  brazil,  energy  policy  of  canada,  energy  policy  of  the  soviet  union,  energy  industry  liberalization  and  privatization  thailandgeneralseasonal  thermal  energy  storage  interseasonal  thermal  energy  storage,  geomagnetically  induced  current,  energy  harvestingfeedstockraw  material,  biomaterial,  commodity,  materials  science,  recycling,  upcycling,  downcyclingotherthoriumbased  nuclear  power,  list  of  oil  pipelines,  list  of  natural  gas  pipelines,  ocean  thermal  energy  conversion,  growth  of  photovoltaics  references  and  citations  notescitations  sources  armstrong,  robert  c.,  catherine  wolfram,  robert  gross,  nathan  s.  lewis,  and  m.v.  ramana  et  al.  the  frontiers  of  energy,  nature  energy,  vol  1,  11  january  2016.serra,  j.  alternative  fuel  resource  development,  clean
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  green  fuels  fund,  2006.bilgen,  s.  and  k.  kaygusuz,  renewable  energy  for  a  clean  and  sustainable  future,  energy  sources  26,  1119  2004.energy  analysis  of  power  systems,  uic  nuclear  issues  briefing  paper  57  2004.silvestre,  b.  s.,  dalcol,  p.  r.  t.  geographical  proximity  and  innovation:  evidences  from  the  campos  basin  oil  gas  industrial  agglomeration  brazil.  technovation  2009,  doi:10.1016/j.technovation.2009.01.003  journals  energy  sources,  part  a:  recovery,  utilization  and  environmental  effectsenergy  sources,  part  b:  economics,  planning  and  policyinternational  journal  of  green  energy  external  links  bureau  of  land  management  2012  renewable  energy  priority  projectsenergypedia  a  wiki  about  renewable  energies  in  the  context  of  development  cooperationhidden  health
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  environmental  costs  of  energy  production  and  consumption  in  u.s.  recabs  recalculator  interactive  renewable  energy  calculator  compare  renewable  energy  to  conventional  energy  sourcesieaeces  international  energy  agency  energy  conservation  through  energy  conservation  programme.iea  hpt  tcp  international  energy  agency  technology  collaboration  programme  on  heatpumping  technologies.ieashc  international  energy  agency  solar  heating  and  cooling  programme.sdh  solar  district  heating  platform.  european  union
__label__energymonitoringmanagement efficient  energy  use,  sometimes  simply  called  energy  efficiency,  is  the  goal  to  reduce  the  amount  of  energy  required  to  provide  products  and  services.  for  example,  insulating  a  home  allows  a  building  to  use  less  heating  and  cooling  energy  to  achieve  and  maintain  a  comfortable  temperature.  installing  led  lighting,  fluorescent  lighting,  or  natural  skylight  windows  reduces  the  amount  of  energy  required  to  attain  the  same  level  of  illumination  compared  to  using  traditional  incandescent  light  bulbs.  improvements  in  energy  efficiency  are  generally  achieved  by  adopting  a  more  efficient  technology  or  production  process  or  by  application  of  commonly  accepted  methods  to  reduce  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement losses.there  are  many  motivations  to  improve  energy  efficiency.  reducing  energy  use  reduces  energy  costs  and  may  result  in  a  financial  cost  saving  to  consumers  if  the  energy  savings  offset  any  additional  costs  of  implementing  an  energyefficient  technology.  reducing  energy  use  is  also  seen  as  a  solution  to  the  problem  of  reducing  greenhouse  gas  emissions.  according  to  the  international  energy  agency,  improved  energy  efficiency  in  buildings,  industrial  processes  and  transportation  could  reduce  the  worlds  energy  needs  in  2050  by  one  third,  and  help  control  global  emissions  of  greenhouse  gases.  another  important  solution  is  to  remove  governmentled  energy  subsidies  that  promote  high
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  consumption  and  inefficient  energy  use  in  more  than  half  of  the  countries  in  the  world.energy  efficiency  and  renewable  energy  are  said  to  be  the  twin  pillars  of  sustainable  energy  policy  and  are  high  priorities  in  the  sustainable  energy  hierarchy.  in  many  countries  energy  efficiency  is  also  seen  to  have  a  national  security  benefit  because  it  can  be  used  to  reduce  the  level  of  energy  imports  from  foreign  countries  and  may  slow  down  the  rate  of  energy  at  which  domestic  energy  resources  are  depleted.  overview  energy  efficiency  has  proved  to  be  a  costeffective  strategy  for  building  economies  without  necessarily  increasing
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  consumption.  for  example,  the  state  of  california  began  implementing  energyefficiency  measures  in  the  mid1970s,  including  building  code  and  appliance  standards  with  strict  efficiency  requirements.  during  the  following  years,  californias  energy  consumption  has  remained  approximately  flat  on  a  per  capita  basis  while  national  us  consumption  doubled.  as  part  of  its  strategy,  california  implemented  a  loading  order  for  new  energy  resources  that  puts  energy  efficiency  first,  renewable  electricity  supplies  second,  and  new  fossilfired  power  plants  last.  states  such  as  connecticut  and  new  york  have  created  quasipublic  green  banks  to  help  residential  and  commercial  buildingowners  finance  energy  efficiency  upgrades  that  reduce  emissions
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  cut  consumers  energy  costs.lovins  rocky  mountain  institute  points  out  that  in  industrial  settings,  there  are  abundant  opportunities  to  save  70  to  90  of  the  energy  and  cost  for  lighting,  fan,  and  pump  systems;  50  for  electric  motors;  and  60  in  areas  such  as  heating,  cooling,  office  equipment,  and  appliances.  in  general,  up  to  75  of  the  electricity  used  in  the  us  today  could  be  saved  with  efficiency  measures  that  cost  less  than  the  electricity  itself,  the  same  holds  true  for  home  settings.  the  us  department  of  energy  has  stated  that  there  is  potential  for  energy  saving  in  the  magnitude
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  90  billion  kwh  by  increasing  home  energy  efficiency.other  studies  have  emphasized  this.  a  report  published  in  2006  by  the  mckinsey  global  institute,  asserted  that  there  are  sufficient  economically  viable  opportunities  for  energyproductivity  improvements  that  could  keep  global  energydemand  growth  at  less  than  1  percent  per  annumless  than  half  of  the  2.2  percent  average  growth  anticipated  through  2020  in  a  businessasusual  scenario.  energy  productivity,  which  measures  the  output  and  quality  of  goods  and  services  per  unit  of  energy  input,  can  come  from  either  reducing  the  amount  of  energy  required  to  produce  something,  or  from  increasing  the  quantity  or  quality  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement goods  and  services  from  the  same  amount  of  energy.the  vienna  climate  change  talks  2007  report,  under  the  auspices  of  the  united  nations  framework  convention  on  climate  change  unfccc,  clearly  shows  that  energy  efficiency  can  achieve  real  emission  reductions  at  low  cost.international  standards  iso  17743  and  iso  17742  provide  a  documented  methodology  for  calculating  and  reporting  on  energy  savings  and  energy  efficiency  for  countries  and  cities.  benefits  from  the  point  of  view  of  an  energy  consumer,  the  main  motivation  of  energy  efficiency  is  often  simply  saving  money  by  lowering  the  cost  of  purchasing  energy.  additionally,  from  an  energy  policy  point  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement view,  there  has  been  a  long  trend  in  a  wider  recognition  of  energy  efficiency  as  the  first  fuel,  meaning  the  ability  to  replace  or  avoid  the  consumption  of  actual  fuels.  in  fact,  international  energy  agency  has  calculated  that  the  application  of  energy  efficiency  measures  in  the  years  19742010  has  succeeded  in  avoiding  more  energy  consumption  in  its  member  states  than  is  the  consumption  of  any  particular  fuel,  including  oil,  coal  and  natural  gas.moreover,  it  has  long  been  recognized  that  energy  efficiency  brings  other  benefits  additional  to  the  reduction  of  energy  consumption.  some  estimates  of  the  value  of  these  other  benefits,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement often  called  multiple  benefits,  cobenefits,  ancillary  benefits  or  nonenergy  benefits,  have  put  their  summed  value  even  higher  than  that  of  the  direct  energy  benefits.  these  multiple  benefits  of  energy  efficiency  include  things  such  as  reduced  climate  change  impact,  reduced  air  pollution  and  improved  health,  improved  indoor  conditions,  improved  energy  security  and  reduction  of  the  price  risk  for  energy  consumers.  methods  for  calculating  the  monetary  value  of  these  multiple  benefits  have  been  developed,  including  e.g.  the  choice  experiment  method  for  improvements  that  have  a  subjective  component  such  as  aesthetics  or  comfort  and  tuominenseppnen  method  for  price  risk  reduction.  when  included  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  analysis,  the  economic  benefit  of  energy  efficiency  investments  can  be  shown  to  be  significantly  higher  than  simply  the  value  of  the  saved  energy.  appliances  modern  appliances,  such  as,  freezers,  ovens,  stoves,  dishwashers,  and  clothes  washers  and  dryers,  use  significantly  less  energy  than  older  appliances.  installing  a  clothesline  will  significantly  reduce  ones  energy  consumption  as  their  dryer  will  be  used  less.  current  energyefficient  refrigerators,  for  example,  use  40  percent  less  energy  than  conventional  models  did  in  2001.  following  this,  if  all  households  in  europe  changed  their  more  than  tenyearold  appliances  into  new  ones,  20  billion  kwh  of  electricity  would  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement saved  annually,  hence  reducing  co2  emissions  by  almost  18  billion  kg.  in  the  us,  the  corresponding  figures  would  be  17  billion  kwh  of  electricity  and  27,000,000,000  lb  1.21010  kg  co2.  according  to  a  2009  study  from  mckinsey  company  the  replacement  of  old  appliances  is  one  of  the  most  efficient  global  measures  to  reduce  emissions  of  greenhouse  gases.  modern  power  management  systems  also  reduce  energy  usage  by  idle  appliances  by  turning  them  off  or  putting  them  into  a  lowenergy  mode  after  a  certain  time.  many  countries  identify  energyefficient  appliances  using  energy  input  labeling.the  impact  of  energy  efficiency  on  peak  demand  depends
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  when  the  appliance  is  used.  for  example,  an  air  conditioner  uses  more  energy  during  the  afternoon  when  it  is  hot.  therefore,  an  energyefficient  air  conditioner  will  have  a  larger  impact  on  peak  demand  than  offpeak  demand.  an  energyefficient  dishwasher,  on  the  other  hand,  uses  more  energy  during  the  late  evening  when  people  do  their  dishes.  this  appliance  may  have  little  to  no  impact  on  peak  demand.  building  design  buildings  are  an  important  field  for  energy  efficiency  improvements  around  the  world  because  of  their  role  as  a  major  energy  consumer.  however,  the  question  of  energy  use  in  buildings  is  not
__label__energymonitoringmanagement straightforward  as  the  indoor  conditions  that  can  be  achieved  with  energy  use  vary  a  lot.  the  measures  that  keep  buildings  comfortable,  lighting,  heating,  cooling  and  ventilation,  all  consume  energy.  typically  the  level  of  energy  efficiency  in  a  building  is  measured  by  dividing  energy  consumed  with  the  floor  area  of  the  building  which  is  referred  to  as  specific  energy  consumption  sec  or  energy  use  intensity  eui:  energy  consumed  built  area  displaystyle  frac  textenergy  consumedtextbuilt  area  however,  the  issue  is  more  complex  as  building  materials  have  embodied  energy  in  them.  on  the  other  hand,  energy  can  be  recovered  from  the  materials  when
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  building  is  dismantled  by  reusing  materials  or  burning  them  for  energy.  moreover,  when  the  building  is  used,  the  indoor  conditions  can  vary  resulting  in  higher  and  lower  quality  indoor  environments.  finally,  overall  efficiency  is  affected  by  the  use  of  the  building:  is  the  building  occupied  most  of  the  time  and  are  spaces  efficiently  used  or  is  the  building  largely  empty?  it  has  even  been  suggested  that  for  a  more  complete  accounting  of  energy  efficiency,  sec  should  be  amended  to  include  these  factors:  embodied  energy  energy  consumed  energy  recovered  built  area  utilization  rate  quality  factor  displaystyle  frac  textembodied  energytextenergy  consumedtextenergy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement recoveredtextbuilt  areatimes  textutilization  ratetimes  textquality  factor  thus  a  balanced  approach  to  energy  efficiency  in  buildings  should  be  more  comprehensive  than  simply  trying  to  minimize  energy  consumed.  issues  such  as  quality  of  indoor  environment  and  efficiency  of  space  use  should  be  factored  in.  thus  the  measures  used  to  improve  energy  efficiency  can  take  many  different  forms.  often  they  include  passive  measures  that  inherently  reduce  the  need  to  use  energy,  such  as  better  insulation.  many  serve  various  functions  improving  the  indoor  conditions  as  well  as  reducing  energy  use,  such  as  increased  use  of  natural  light.a  buildings  location  and  surroundings  play  a  key
__label__energymonitoringmanagement role  in  regulating  its  temperature  and  illumination.  for  example,  trees,  landscaping,  and  hills  can  provide  shade  and  block  wind.  in  cooler  climates,  designing  northern  hemisphere  buildings  with  south  facing  windows  and  southern  hemisphere  buildings  with  north  facing  windows  increases  the  amount  of  sun  ultimately  heat  energy  entering  the  building,  minimizing  energy  use,  by  maximizing  passive  solar  heating.  tight  building  design,  including  energyefficient  windows,  wellsealed  doors,  and  additional  thermal  insulation  of  walls,  basement  slabs,  and  foundations  can  reduce  heat  loss  by  25  to  50  percent.dark  roofs  may  become  up  to  39  c  70  f  hotter  than  the  most  reflective  white  surfaces.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement they  transmit  some  of  this  additional  heat  inside  the  building.  us  studies  have  shown  that  lightly  colored  roofs  use  40  percent  less  energy  for  cooling  than  buildings  with  darker  roofs.  white  roof  systems  save  more  energy  in  sunnier  climates.  advanced  electronic  heating  and  cooling  systems  can  moderate  energy  consumption  and  improve  the  comfort  of  people  in  the  building.proper  placement  of  windows  and  skylights  as  well  as  the  use  of  architectural  features  that  reflect  light  into  a  building  can  reduce  the  need  for  artificial  lighting.  increased  use  of  natural  and  task  lighting  has  been  shown  by  one  study  to  increase  productivity
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  schools  and  offices.  compact  fluorescent  lamps  use  twothirds  less  energy  and  may  last  6  to  10  times  longer  than  incandescent  light  bulbs.  newer  fluorescent  lights  produce  a  natural  light,  and  in  most  applications  they  are  cost  effective,  despite  their  higher  initial  cost,  with  payback  periods  as  low  as  a  few  months.  led  lamps  use  only  about  10  of  the  energy  an  incandescent  lamp  requires.effective  energyefficient  building  design  can  include  the  use  of  low  cost  passive  infra  reds  pirs  to  switchoff  lighting  when  areas  are  unnoccupied  such  as  toilets,  corridors  or  even  office  areas  outofhours.  in  addition,  lux  levels  can
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  monitored  using  daylight  sensors  linked  to  the  buildings  lighting  scheme  to  switch  on/off  or  dim  the  lighting  to  predefined  levels  to  take  into  account  the  natural  light  and  thus  reduce  consumption.  building  management  systems  bms  link  all  of  this  together  in  one  centralised  computer  to  control  the  whole  buildings  lighting  and  power  requirements.in  an  analysis  that  integrates  a  residential  bottomup  simulation  with  an  economic  multisector  model,  it  has  been  shown  that  variable  heat  gains  caused  by  insulation  and  airconditioning  efficiency  can  have  loadshifting  effects  that  are  not  uniform  on  the  electricity  load.  the  study  also  highlighted  the  impact  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement higher  household  efficiency  on  the  power  generation  capacity  choices  that  are  made  by  the  power  sector.the  choice  of  which  space  heating  or  cooling  technology  to  use  in  buildings  can  have  a  significant  impact  on  energy  use  and  efficiency.  for  example,  replacing  an  older  50  efficient  natural  gas  furnace  with  a  new  95  efficient  one  will  dramatically  reduce  energy  use,  carbon  emissions,  and  winter  natural  gas  bills.  ground  source  heat  pumps  can  be  even  more  energyefficient  and  costeffective.  these  systems  use  pumps  and  compressors  to  move  refrigerant  fluid  around  a  thermodynamic  cycle  in  order  to  pump  heat  against  its  natural  flow
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  hot  to  cold,  for  the  purpose  of  transferring  heat  into  a  building  from  the  large  thermal  reservoir  contained  within  the  nearby  ground.  the  end  result  is  that  heat  pumps  typically  use  four  times  less  electrical  energy  to  deliver  an  equivalent  amount  of  heat  than  a  direct  electrical  heater  does.  another  advantage  of  a  ground  source  heat  pump  is  that  it  can  be  reversed  in  summertime  and  operate  to  cool  the  air  by  transferring  heat  from  the  building  to  the  ground.  the  disadvantage  of  ground  source  heat  pumps  is  their  high  initial  capital  cost,  but  this  is  typically  recouped  within
__label__energymonitoringmanagement five  to  ten  years  as  a  result  of  lower  energy  use.smart  meters  are  slowly  being  adopted  by  the  commercial  sector  to  highlight  to  staff  and  for  internal  monitoring  purposes  the  buildings  energy  usage  in  a  dynamic  presentable  format.  the  use  of  power  quality  analysers  can  be  introduced  into  an  existing  building  to  assess  usage,  harmonic  distortion,  peaks,  swells  and  interruptions  amongst  others  to  ultimately  make  the  building  more  energyefficient.  often  such  meters  communicate  by  using  wireless  sensor  networks.green  building  xml  gbxml  is  an  emerging  schema,  a  subset  of  the  building  information  modeling  efforts,  focused  on  green  building  design  and  operation.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement gbxml  is  used  as  input  in  several  energy  simulation  engines.  but  with  the  development  of  modern  computer  technology,  a  large  number  of  building  performance  simulation  tools  are  available  on  the  market.  when  choosing  which  simulation  tool  to  use  in  a  project,  the  user  must  consider  the  tools  accuracy  and  reliability,  considering  the  building  information  they  have  at  hand,  which  will  serve  as  input  for  the  tool.  yezioro,  dong  and  leite  developed  an  artificial  intelligence  approach  towards  assessing  building  performance  simulation  results  and  found  that  more  detailed  simulation  tools  have  the  best  simulation  performance  in  terms  of  heating  and  cooling  electricity
__label__energymonitoringmanagement consumption  within  3  of  mean  absolute  error.leadership  in  energy  and  environmental  design  leed  is  a  rating  system  organized  by  the  us  green  building  council  usgbc  to  promote  environmental  responsibility  in  building  design.  they  currently  offer  four  levels  of  certification  for  existing  buildings  leedebom  and  new  construction  leednc  based  on  a  buildings  compliance  with  the  following  criteria:  sustainable  sites,  water  efficiency,  energy  and  atmosphere,  materials  and  resources,  indoor  environmental  quality,  and  innovation  in  design.  in  2013,  usgbc  developed  the  leed  dynamic  plaque,  a  tool  to  track  building  performance  against  leed  metrics  and  a  potential  path  to  recertification.  the  following  year,  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement council  collaborated  with  honeywell  to  pull  data  on  energy  and  water  use,  as  well  as  indoor  air  quality  from  a  bas  to  automatically  update  the  plaque,  providing  a  nearrealtime  view  of  performance.  the  usgbc  office  in  washington,  d.c.  is  one  of  the  first  buildings  to  feature  the  liveupdating  leed  dynamic  plaque.a  deep  energy  retrofit  is  a  wholebuilding  analysis  and  construction  process  that  uses  to  achieve  much  larger  energy  savings  than  conventional  energy  retrofits.  deep  energy  retrofits  can  be  applied  to  both  residential  and  nonresidential  commercial  buildings.  a  deep  energy  retrofit  typically  results  in  energy  savings  of  30  percent  or  more,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement perhaps  spread  over  several  years,  and  may  significantly  improve  the  building  value.  the  empire  state  building  has  undergone  a  deep  energy  retrofit  process  that  was  completed  in  2013.  the  project  team,  consisting  of  representatives  from  johnson  controls,  rocky  mountain  institute,  clinton  climate  initiative,  and  jones  lang  lasalle  will  have  achieved  an  annual  energy  use  reduction  of  38  and  4.4  million.  for  example,  the  6,500  windows  were  remanufactured  onsite  into  superwindows  which  block  heat  but  pass  light.  air  conditioning  operating  costs  on  hot  days  were  reduced  and  this  saved  17  million  of  the  projects  capital  cost  immediately,  partly  funding  other  retrofitting.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement receiving  a  gold  leadership  in  energy  and  environmental  design  leed  rating  in  september  2011,  the  empire  state  building  is  the  tallest  leed  certified  building  in  the  united  states.the  indianapolis  citycounty  building  recently  underwent  a  deep  energy  retrofit  process,  which  has  achieved  an  annual  energy  reduction  of  46  and  750,000  annual  energy  saving.energy  retrofits,  including  deep,  and  other  types  undertaken  in  residential,  commercial  or  industrial  locations  are  generally  supported  through  various  forms  of  financing  or  incentives.  incentives  include  prepackaged  rebates  where  the  buyer/user  may  not  even  be  aware  that  the  item  being  used  has  been  rebated  or  bought  down.  upstream  or
__label__energymonitoringmanagement midstream  buy  downs  are  common  for  efficient  lighting  products.  other  rebates  are  more  explicit  and  transparent  to  the  end  user  through  the  use  of  formal  applications.  in  addition  to  rebates,  which  may  be  offered  through  government  or  utility  programs,  governments  sometimes  offer  tax  incentives  for  energy  efficiency  projects.  some  entities  offer  rebate  and  payment  guidance  and  facilitation  services  that  enable  energy  end  use  customers  tap  into  rebate  and  incentive  programs.to  evaluate  the  economic  soundness  of  energy  efficiency  investments  in  buildings,  costeffectiveness  analysis  or  cea  can  be  used.  a  cea  calculation  will  produce  the  value  of  energy  saved,  sometimes  called  negawatts,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  /kwh.  the  energy  in  such  a  calculation  is  virtual  in  the  sense  that  it  was  never  consumed  but  rather  saved  due  to  some  energy  efficiency  investment  being  made.  thus  cea  allows  comparing  the  price  of  negawatts  with  price  of  energy  such  as  electricity  from  the  grid  or  the  cheapest  renewable  alternative.  the  benefit  of  the  cea  approach  in  energy  systems  is  that  it  avoids  the  need  to  guess  future  energy  prices  for  the  purposes  of  the  calculation,  thus  removing  the  major  source  of  uncertainty  in  the  appraisal  of  energy  efficiency  investments.  energy  efficiency  by  country  europe  energy  efficiency  targets
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  2020  and  2030.the  first  euwide  energy  efficiency  target  was  set  in  1998.  member  states  agreed  to  improve  energy  efficiency  by  1  percent  a  year  over  twelve  years.  in  addition,  legislation  about  products,  industry,  transport  and  buildings  has  contributed  to  a  general  energy  efficiency  framework.  more  effort  is  needed  to  address  heating  and  cooling:  there  is  more  heat  wasted  during  electricity  production  in  europe  than  is  required  to  heat  all  buildings  in  the  continent.  all  in  all,  eu  energy  efficiency  legislation  is  estimated  to  deliver  savings  worth  the  equivalent  of  up  to  326  million  tons  of  oil  per  year  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 2020.the  eu  set  itself  a  20  energy  savings  target  by  2020  compared  to  1990  levels,  but  member  states  decide  individually  how  energy  savings  will  be  achieved.  at  an  eu  summit  in  october  2014,  eu  countries  agreed  on  a  new  energy  efficiency  target  of  27  or  greater  by  2030.  one  mechanism  used  to  achieve  the  target  of  27  is  the  suppliers  obligations  white  certificates.  the  ongoing  debate  around  the  2016  clean  energy  package  also  puts  an  emphasis  on  energy  efficiency,  but  the  goal  will  probably  remain  around  30  greater  efficiency  compared  to  1990  levels.  some  have  argued  that  this  will  not
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  enough  for  the  eu  to  meet  its  paris  agreement  goals  of  reducing  greenhouse  gas  emissions  by  40  compared  to  1990  levels.  australia  the  australian  national  government  is  actively  leading  the  country  in  efforts  to  increase  their  energy  efficiency,  mainly  through  the  governments  department  of  industry  and  science.  in  july  2009,  the  council  of  australian  governments,  which  represents  the  individual  states  and  territories  of  australia,  agreed  to  a  national  strategy  on  energy  efficiency  nsee.this  is  a  tenyear  plan  accelerate  the  implementation  of  a  nationwide  adoption  of  energyefficient  practices  and  a  preparation  for  the  countrys  transformation  into  a  low  carbon  future.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement there  are  several  different  areas  of  energy  use  addressed  within  the  nsee.  but,  the  chapter  devoted  to  the  approach  on  energy  efficiency  that  is  to  be  adopted  on  a  national  level  stresses  four  points  in  achieving  stated  levels  of  energy  efficiency.  they  are:to  help  households  and  businesses  transition  to  a  low  carbon  futureto  streamline  the  adoption  of  efficient  energyto  make  buildings  more  energyefficientfor  governments  to  work  in  partnership  and  lead  the  way  to  energy  efficiencythe  overriding  agreement  that  governs  this  strategy  is  the  national  partnership  agreement  on  energy  efficiency.this  document  also  explains  the  role  of  both  the  commonwealth  and  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement individual  states  and  territories  in  the  nsee,  as  well  provides  for  the  creation  of  benchmarks  and  measurement  devices  which  will  transparently  show  the  nations  progress  in  relation  to  the  stated  goals,  and  addresses  the  need  for  funding  of  the  strategy  in  order  to  enable  it  to  move  forward.  canada  in  august  2017,  the  government  of  canada  released  build  smart  canadas  buildings  strategy,  as  a  key  driver  of  the  pan  canadian  framework  on  clean  growth  and  climate  change,  canadas  national  climate  strategy.the  build  smart  strategy  seeks  to  dramatically  increase  the  energyefficiency  performance  of  existing  and  new  canadian  buildings,  and  establishes  five
__label__energymonitoringmanagement goals  to  that  end:federal,  provincial,  and  territorial  governments  will  work  to  develop  and  adopt  increasingly  stringent  model  building  codes,  starting  in  2020,  with  the  goal  that  provinces  and  territories  adopt  a  netzero  energy  ready  model  building  code  by  2030.federal,  provincial,  and  territorial  governments  will  work  to  develop  a  model  code  for  existing  buildings  by  2022,  with  the  goal  that  provinces  and  territories  adopt  the  code.federal,  provincial,  and  territorial  governments  will  work  together  with  the  aim  of  requiring  labelling  of  building  energy  use  by  as  early  as  2019.the  federal  government  will  set  new  standards  for  heating  equipment  and  other  key  technologies
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  the  highest  level  of  efficiency  that  is  economically  and  technically  achievable.provincial  and  territorial  governments  will  work  to  sustain  and  expand  efforts  to  retrofit  existing  buildings  by  supporting  energy  efficiency  improvements  and  by  accelerating  the  adoption  of  highefficiency  equipment  while  tailoring  their  programs  to  regional  circumstances.the  strategy  details  a  range  of  activities  the  government  of  canada  will  pursue,  and  investments  it  will  make,  in  support  of  the  goals.  as  of  early  2018,  only  one  of  canadas  10  provinces  and  three  territories,  british  columbia,  has  developed  a  policy  in  support  of  federal  governments  goal  to  reach  net  zero  energy  ready  ambitions:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  bc  energy  step  code.local  british  columbia  governments  may  use  the  bc  energy  step  code,  if  they  wish,  to  incentivize  or  require  a  level  of  energy  efficiency  in  new  construction  that  goes  above  and  beyond  the  requirements  of  the  base  building  code.  the  regulation  and  standard  is  designed  as  a  technical  roadmap  to  help  the  province  reach  its  target  that  all  new  buildings  will  attain  a  net  zero  energy  ready  level  of  performance  by  2032.  germany  energy  efficiency  is  central  to  energy  policy  in  germany.as  of  late  2015,  national  policy  includes  the  following  efficiency  and  consumption  targets  with  actual  values
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  2014:recent  progress  toward  improved  efficiency  has  been  steady  aside  from  the  financial  crisis  of  200708.some  however  believe  energy  efficiency  is  still  underrecognised  in  terms  of  its  contribution  to  germanys  energy  transformation  or  energiewende.efforts  to  reduce  final  energy  consumption  in  transport  sector  have  not  been  successful,  with  a  growth  of  1.7  between  20052014.  this  growth  is  due  to  both  road  passenger  and  road  freight  transport.  both  sectors  increased  their  overall  distance  travelled  to  record  the  highest  figures  ever  for  germany.  rebound  effects  played  a  significant  role,  both  between  improved  vehicle  efficiency  and  the  distance  travelled,  and  between  improved  vehicle  efficiency
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  an  increase  in  vehicle  weights  and  engine  power.on  3  december  2014,  the  german  federal  government  released  its  national  action  plan  on  energy  efficiency  nape.the  areas  covered  are  the  energy  efficiency  of  buildings,  energy  conservation  for  companies,  consumer  energy  efficiency,  and  transport  energy  efficiency.  the  policy  contains  both  immediate  and  forwardlooking  measures.  the  central  shortterm  measures  of  nape  include  the  introduction  of  competitive  tendering  for  energy  efficiency,  the  raising  of  funding  for  building  renovation,  the  introduction  of  tax  incentives  for  efficiency  measures  in  the  building  sector,  and  the  setting  up  energy  efficiency  networks  together  with  business  and  industry.  german  industry
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  expected  to  make  a  sizeable  contribution.on  12  august  2016,  the  german  government  released  a  green  paper  on  energy  efficiency  for  public  consultation  in  german.  it  outlines  the  potential  challenges  and  actions  needed  to  reduce  energy  consumption  in  germany  over  the  coming  decades.  at  the  documents  launch,  economics  and  energy  minister  sigmar  gabriel  said  we  do  not  need  to  produce,  store,  transmit  and  pay  for  the  energy  that  we  save.  the  green  paper  prioritizes  the  efficient  use  of  energy  as  the  first  response  and  also  outlines  opportunities  for  sector  coupling,  including  using  renewable  power  for  heating  and  transport.  other  proposals
__label__energymonitoringmanagement include  a  flexible  energy  tax  which  rises  as  petrol  prices  fall,  thereby  incentivizing  fuel  conservation  despite  low  oil  prices.  poland  in  may  2016  poland  adopted  a  new  act  on  energy  efficiency,  to  enter  into  force  on  1  october  2016.  united  states  a  2011  energy  modeling  forum  study  covering  the  united  states  examines  how  energy  efficiency  opportunities  will  shape  future  fuel  and  electricity  demand  over  the  next  several  decades.  the  us  economy  is  already  set  to  lower  its  energy  and  carbon  intensity,  but  explicit  policies  will  be  necessary  to  meet  climate  goals.  these  policies  include:  a  carbon  tax,  mandated  standards  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement more  efficient  appliances,  buildings  and  vehicles,  and  subsidies  or  reductions  in  the  upfront  costs  of  new  more  energyefficient  equipment.  industry  industries  use  a  large  amount  of  energy  to  power  a  diverse  range  of  manufacturing  and  resource  extraction  processes.  many  industrial  processes  require  large  amounts  of  heat  and  mechanical  power,  most  of  which  is  delivered  as  natural  gas,  petroleum  fuels,  and  electricity.  in  addition  some  industries  generate  fuel  from  waste  products  that  can  be  used  to  provide  additional  energy.because  industrial  processes  are  so  diverse  it  is  impossible  to  describe  the  multitude  of  possible  opportunities  for  energy  efficiency  in  industry.  many  depend
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  the  specific  technologies  and  processes  in  use  at  each  industrial  facility.  there  are,  however,  a  number  of  processes  and  energy  services  that  are  widely  used  in  many  industries.various  industries  generate  steam  and  electricity  for  subsequent  use  within  their  facilities.  when  electricity  is  generated,  the  heat  that  is  produced  as  a  byproduct  can  be  captured  and  used  for  process  steam,  heating  or  other  industrial  purposes.  conventional  electricity  generation  is  about  30  efficient,  whereas  combined  heat  and  power  also  called  cogeneration  converts  up  to  90  percent  of  the  fuel  into  usable  energy.advanced  boilers  and  furnaces  can  operate  at  higher  temperatures  while
__label__energymonitoringmanagement burning  less  fuel.  these  technologies  are  more  efficient  and  produce  fewer  pollutants.over  45  percent  of  the  fuel  used  by  us  manufacturers  is  burnt  to  make  steam.  the  typical  industrial  facility  can  reduce  this  energy  usage  20  percent  according  to  the  us  department  of  energy  by  insulating  steam  and  condensate  return  lines,  stopping  steam  leakage,  and  maintaining  steam  traps.electric  motors  usually  run  at  a  constant  speed,  but  a  variable  speed  drive  allows  the  motors  energy  output  to  match  the  required  load.  this  achieves  energy  savings  ranging  from  3  to  60  percent,  depending  on  how  the  motor  is  used.  motor  coils  made
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  superconducting  materials  can  also  reduce  energy  losses.  motors  may  also  benefit  from  voltage  optimisation.industry  uses  a  large  number  of  pumps  and  compressors  of  all  shapes  and  sizes  and  in  a  wide  variety  of  applications.  the  efficiency  of  pumps  and  compressors  depends  on  many  factors  but  often  improvements  can  be  made  by  implementing  better  process  control  and  better  maintenance  practices.  compressors  are  commonly  used  to  provide  compressed  air  which  is  used  for  sand  blasting,  painting,  and  other  power  tools.  according  to  the  us  department  of  energy,  optimizing  compressed  air  systems  by  installing  variable  speed  drives,  along  with  preventive  maintenance  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement detect  and  fix  air  leaks,  can  improve  energy  efficiency  20  to  50  percent.  transportation  automobiles  the  estimated  energy  efficiency  for  an  automobile  is  280  passengermile/106  btu.  there  are  several  ways  to  enhance  a  vehicles  energy  efficiency.  using  improved  aerodynamics  to  minimize  drag  can  increase  vehicle  fuel  efficiency.  reducing  vehicle  weight  can  also  improve  fuel  economy,  which  is  why  composite  materials  are  widely  used  in  car  bodies.more  advanced  tires,  with  decreased  tire  to  road  friction  and  rolling  resistance,  can  save  gasoline.  fuel  economy  can  be  improved  by  up  to  3.3  by  keeping  tires  inflated  to  the  correct  pressure.  replacing  a  clogged
__label__energymonitoringmanagement air  filter  can  improve  a  cars  fuel  consumption  by  as  much  as  10  percent  on  older  vehicles.  on  newer  vehicles  1980s  and  up  with  fuelinjected,  computercontrolled  engines,  a  clogged  air  filter  has  no  effect  on  mpg  but  replacing  it  may  improve  acceleration  by  611  percent.  aerodynamics  also  aid  in  efficiency  of  a  vehicle.  the  design  of  a  car  impacts  the  amount  of  gas  needed  to  move  it  through  air.  aerodynamics  involves  the  air  around  the  car,  which  can  affect  the  efficiency  of  the  energy  expended.turbochargers  can  increase  fuel  efficiency  by  allowing  a  smaller  displacement  engine.  the  engine  of  the  year
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 2011  is  a  fiat  500  engine  equipped  with  an  mhi  turbocharger.  compared  with  a  1.2liter  8v  engine,  the  new  85  hp  turbo  has  23  more  power  and  a  30  better  performance  index.  the  performance  of  the  twocylinder  is  not  only  equivalent  to  a  1.4liter  16v  engine,  but  fuel  consumption  is  30  lower.energyefficient  vehicles  may  reach  twice  the  fuel  efficiency  of  the  average  automobile.  cuttingedge  designs,  such  as  the  diesel  mercedesbenz  bionic  concept  vehicle  have  achieved  a  fuel  efficiency  as  high  as  84  miles  per  us  gallon  2.8  l/100  km;  101  mpgimp,  four  times  the  current  conventional  automotive  average.the  mainstream  trend
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  automotive  efficiency  is  the  rise  of  electric  vehicles  allelectric  or  hybrid  electric.  electric  engines  have  more  than  double  the  efficiency  of  internal  combustion  engines.  hybrids,  like  the  toyota  prius,  use  regenerative  braking  to  recapture  energy  that  would  dissipate  in  normal  cars;  the  effect  is  especially  pronounced  in  city  driving.  plugin  hybrids  also  have  increased  battery  capacity,  which  makes  it  possible  to  drive  for  limited  distances  without  burning  any  gasoline;  in  this  case,  energy  efficiency  is  dictated  by  whatever  process  such  as  coalburning,  hydroelectric,  or  renewable  source  created  the  power.  plugins  can  typically  drive  for  around  40  miles  64  km
__label__energymonitoringmanagement purely  on  electricity  without  recharging;  if  the  battery  runs  low,  a  gas  engine  kicks  in  allowing  for  extended  range.  finally,  allelectric  cars  are  also  growing  in  popularity;  the  tesla  model  s  sedan  is  the  only  highperformance  allelectric  car  currently  on  the  market.  street  lighting  cities  around  the  globe  light  up  millions  of  streets  with  300  million  lights.  some  cities  are  seeking  to  reduce  street  light  power  consumption  by  dimming  lights  during  offpeak  hours  or  switching  to  led  lamps.  it  is  not  clear  whether  the  high  luminous  efficiency  of  leds  will  lead  to  real  reductions  in  energy,  as  cities  may  end
__label__energymonitoringmanagement up  installing  extra  lamps  or  lighting  areas  more  brightly  than  in  the  past.  aircraft  there  are  several  ways  to  reduce  energy  usage  in  air  transportation,  from  modifications  to  the  planes  themselves,  to  how  air  traffic  is  managed.  as  in  cars,  turbochargers  are  an  effective  way  to  reduce  energy  consumption;  however,  instead  of  allowing  for  the  use  of  a  smallerdisplacement  engine,  turbochargers  in  jet  turbines  operate  by  compressing  the  thinner  air  at  higher  altitudes.  this  allows  the  engine  to  operate  as  if  it  were  at  sealevel  pressures  while  taking  advantage  of  the  reduced  drag  on  the  aircraft  at  higher  altitudes.air  traffic
__label__energymonitoringmanagement management  systems  are  another  way  to  increase  the  efficiency  of  not  just  the  aircraft  but  the  airline  industry  as  a  whole.  new  technology  allows  for  superior  automation  of  takeoff,  landing,  and  collision  avoidance,  as  well  as  within  airports,  from  simple  things  like  hvac  and  lighting  to  more  complex  tasks  such  as  security  and  scanning.  alternative  fuels  alternative  fuels,  known  as  nonconventional  or  advanced  fuels,  are  any  materials  or  substances  that  can  be  used  as  fuels,  other  than  conventional  fuels.  some  well  known  alternative  fuels  include  biodiesel,  bioalcohol  methanol,  ethanol,  butanol,  chemically  stored  electricity  batteries  and  fuel  cells,  hydrogen,  nonfossil  methane,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement nonfossil  natural  gas,  vegetable  oil,  and  other  biomass  sources.  the  production  efficiency  of  these  fuels  greatly  differs.  energy  conservation  energy  conservation  is  broader  than  energy  efficiency  in  including  active  efforts  to  decrease  energy  consumption,  for  example  through  behaviour  change,  in  addition  to  using  energy  more  efficiently.  examples  of  conservation  without  efficiency  improvements  are  heating  a  room  less  in  winter,  using  the  car  less,  airdrying  your  clothes  instead  of  using  the  dryer,  or  enabling  energy  saving  modes  on  a  computer.  as  with  other  definitions,  the  boundary  between  efficient  energy  use  and  energy  conservation  can  be  fuzzy,  but  both  are  important  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement environmental  and  economic  terms.  this  is  especially  the  case  when  actions  are  directed  at  the  saving  of  fossil  fuels.  energy  conservation  is  a  challenge  requiring  policy  programmes,  technological  development  and  behavior  change  to  go  hand  in  hand.  many  energy  intermediary  organisations,  for  example  governmental  or  nongovernmental  organisations  on  local,  regional,  or  national  level,  are  working  on  often  publicly  funded  programmes  or  projects  to  meet  this  challenge.  psychologists  have  also  engaged  with  the  issue  of  energy  conservation  and  have  provided  guidelines  for  realizing  behavior  change  to  reduce  energy  consumption  while  taking  technological  and  policy  considerations  into  account.the  national  renewable  energy  laboratory
__label__energymonitoringmanagement maintains  a  comprehensive  list  of  apps  useful  for  energy  efficiency.commercial  property  managers  that  plan  and  manage  energy  efficiency  projects  generally  use  a  software  platform  to  perform  energy  audits  and  to  collaborate  with  contractors  to  understand  their  full  range  of  options.  the  department  of  energy  doe  software  directory  describes  energyactio  software,  a  cloud  based  platform  designed  for  this  purpose.  sustainable  energy  energy  efficiency  and  renewable  energy  are  said  to  be  the  twin  pillars  of  a  sustainable  energy  policy.  both  strategies  must  be  developed  concurrently  in  order  to  stabilize  and  reduce  carbon  dioxide  emissions.  efficient  energy  use  is  essential  to  slowing  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  demand  growth  so  that  rising  clean  energy  supplies  can  make  deep  cuts  in  fossil  fuel  use.  if  energy  use  grows  too  rapidly,  renewable  energy  development  will  chase  a  receding  target.  likewise,  unless  clean  energy  supplies  come  online  rapidly,  slowing  demand  growth  will  only  begin  to  reduce  total  carbon  emissions;  a  reduction  in  the  carbon  content  of  energy  sources  is  also  needed.  a  sustainable  energy  economy  thus  requires  major  commitments  to  both  efficiency  and  renewables.  rebound  effect  if  the  demand  for  energy  services  remains  constant,  improving  energy  efficiency  will  reduce  energy  consumption  and  carbon  emissions.  however,  many  efficiency  improvements  do
__label__energymonitoringmanagement not  reduce  energy  consumption  by  the  amount  predicted  by  simple  engineering  models.  this  is  because  they  make  energy  services  cheaper,  and  so  consumption  of  those  services  increases.  for  example,  since  fuel  efficient  vehicles  make  travel  cheaper,  consumers  may  choose  to  drive  farther,  thereby  offsetting  some  of  the  potential  energy  savings.  similarly,  an  extensive  historical  analysis  of  technological  efficiency  improvements  has  conclusively  shown  that  energy  efficiency  improvements  were  almost  always  outpaced  by  economic  growth,  resulting  in  a  net  increase  in  resource  use  and  associated  pollution.  these  are  examples  of  the  direct  rebound  effect.estimates  of  the  size  of  the  rebound  effect  range
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  roughly  5  to  40.  the  rebound  effect  is  likely  to  be  less  than  30  at  the  household  level  and  may  be  closer  to  10  for  transport.  a  rebound  effect  of  30  implies  that  improvements  in  energy  efficiency  should  achieve  70  of  the  reduction  in  energy  consumption  projected  using  engineering  models.  the  rebound  effect  may  be  particularly  large  for  lighting,  because  in  contrast  to  tasks  like  transport  there  is  effectively  no  upper  limit  on  how  much  light  could  be  considered  useful.  in  fact,  it  appears  that  lighting  has  accounted  for  about  0.7  of  gdp  across  many  societies  and  hundreds  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement years,  implying  a  rebound  effect  of  100.  organisations  and  programs  international80  plus2000watt  societyiea  solar  heating  cooling  implementing  agreement  task  13international  institute  for  energy  conservationinternational  energy  agency  e.g.  one  watt  initiativeinternational  electrotechnical  commissioninternational  partnership  for  energy  efficiency  cooperationworld  sustainable  energy  dayschinanational  development  and  reform  commissionnational  energy  conservation  centerenergy  research  institute,  ndrcaustraliadepartment  of  climate  change  and  energy  efficiencydepartment  of  the  environment,  water,  heritage  and  the  artssustainable  house  dayeuropean  unionbuilding  energy  ratingecodesign  of  energyusing  products  directiveenergy  efficiency  in  europe  studyorgalime,  the  european  engineering  industries  associationfinlandmotivaicelandmarorkaindia88888  lights  outbureau  of  energy  efficiencyenergy  efficiency  services  limitedindonesiaindonesia  energy  conservation  and  efficiency  society  iecesjapancool  biz  campaignlebanonthe  lebanese  center
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  energy  conservationunited  kingdomthe  carbon  trustenergy  saving  trustnational  energy  actionnational  energy  foundationcreative  energy  homesenergy  managers  associationunited  statesalliance  to  save  energyamerican  council  for  an  energyefficient  economy  aceeebuilding  codes  assistance  projectbuilding  energy  codes  programconsortium  for  energy  efficiencyenergy  star,  from  united  states  environmental  protection  agencyindustrial  assessment  centernational  electrical  manufacturers  associationrocky  mountain  instituteindian  energy  strategies  see  also  references
__label__energymonitoringmanagement an  electrical  grid,  electric  grid  or  power  grid,  is  an  interconnected  network  for  delivering  electricity  from  producers  to  consumers.  it  consists  of:generating  stations  that  produce  electric  powerelectrical  substations  for  stepping  electrical  voltage  up  for  transmission,  or  down  for  distributionhigh  voltage  transmission  lines  that  carry  power  from  distant  sources  to  demandcentersdistribution  lines  that  connect  individual  customerselectrical  grids  vary  in  size  from  covering  a  single  building  through  national  grids  which  cover  whole  countries  to  transnational  grids  which  can  cross  continents.power  stations  connected  to  grids  are  often  located  near  energy  resources  such  as  a  source  of  fuel  or  to  take  advantage  of  renewable
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  resources,  and  away  from  heavilypopulated  areas.  a  bulkpower  transmission  network  is  therefore  used  to  move  the  power  long  distances,  sometimes  across  international  boundaries,  until  it  reaches  its  wholesale  customer  usually  the  organisation  that  owns  the  local  electric  power  distribution  network.  the  electric  power  is  therefore  stepped  up  to  a  high  voltage  for  the  electric  power  transmission  system.  on  arrival  at  a  substation,  the  power  will  be  stepped  down  from  a  transmission  level  voltage  to  a  distributionlevel  voltage.  as  it  exits  the  substation,  it  enters  the  distribution  wiring.  finally,  upon  arrival  at  the  service  location,  the  power  is  stepped  down
__label__energymonitoringmanagement again  from  the  distribution  voltage  to  the  required  service  voltages.although  electrical  grids  are  widespread,  as  of  2016  1.4  billion  people  were  not  connected  to  an  electricity  grid.electrical  grids  can  be  prone  to  malicious  intrusion  or  attack;  thus,  there  is  a  need  for  electric  grid  security.  also  as  electric  grids  modernize  and  introduce  computers,  cyber  threats  also  start  to  become  a  security  risk.  particular  concerns  relate  to  the  more  complex  computer  systems  needed  to  manage  grids  with  a  large  proportion  of  intermittent  renewableenergy  sources  in  the  electricity  mix.  history  early  electric  energy  was  produced  near  the  device  or  service  requiring  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy.  in  the  1880s,  electricity  competed  with  steam,  hydraulics,  and  especially  coal  gas.  coal  gas  was  first  produced  on  customers  premises  but  later  evolved  into  gasification  plants  that  enjoyed  economies  of  scale.  in  the  industrialized  world,  cities  had  networks  of  piped  gas,  used  for  lighting.  but  gas  lamps  produced  poor  light,  wasted  heat,  made  rooms  hot  and  smoky,  and  gave  off  hydrogen  and  carbon  monoxide.  they  also  posed  a  fire  hazard.  in  the  1880s  electric  lighting  soon  became  advantageous  compared  to  gas  lighting.electric  utility  companies  took  advantage  of  economies  of  scale  and  moved  to  centralized  power  generation,  distribution,  and  system
__label__energymonitoringmanagement management.  after  the  war  of  the  currents  was  settled  in  favor  of  ac  power,  with  long  distance  power  transmission  it  became  possible  to  interconnect  stations  to  balance  load  and  improve  load  factors.in  the  united  kingdom,  charles  merz,  of  the  merz  mclellan  consulting  partnership,  built  the  neptune  bank  power  station  near  newcastle  upon  tyne  in  1901,  and  by  1912  had  developed  into  the  largest  integrated  power  system  in  europe.  merz  was  appointed  head  of  a  parliamentary  committee  and  his  findings  led  to  the  williamson  report  of  1918,  which  in  turn  created  the  electricity  supply  bill  of  1919.  the  bill  was  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement first  step  towards  an  integrated  electricity  system.  the  electricity  supply  act  of  1926  led  to  the  setting  up  of  the  national  grid.  the  central  electricity  board  standardized  the  nations  electricity  supply  and  established  the  first  synchronized  ac  grid,  running  at  132  kilovolts  and  50  hertz.  this  started  operating  as  a  national  system,  the  national  grid,  in  1938.in  the  united  states  in  the  1920s,  utilities  formed  jointoperations  to  share  peak  load  coverage  and  backup  power.  in  1934,  with  the  passage  of  the  public  utility  holding  company  act  usa,  electric  utilities  were  recognized  as  public  goods  of  importance  and  were  given  outlined
__label__energymonitoringmanagement restrictions  and  regulatory  oversight  of  their  operations.  the  energy  policy  act  of  1992  required  transmission  line  owners  to  allow  electric  generation  companies  open  access  to  their  network  and  led  to  a  restructuring  of  how  the  electric  industry  operated  in  an  effort  to  create  competition  in  power  generation.  no  longer  were  electric  utilities  built  as  vertical  monopolies,  where  generation,  transmission  and  distribution  were  handled  by  a  single  company.  now,  the  three  stages  could  be  split  among  various  companies,  in  an  effort  to  provide  fair  accessibility  to  high  voltage  transmission.  the  energy  policy  act  of  2005  allowed  incentives  and  loan  guarantees  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement alternative  energy  production  and  advance  innovative  technologies  that  avoided  greenhouse  emissions.in  france,  electrification  began  in  the  1900s,  with  700  communes  in  1919,  and  36,528  in  1938.  at  the  same  time,  the  nearby  networks  began  to  interconnect:  paris  in  1907  at  12  kv,  the  pyrnes  in  1923  at  150  kv,  and  finally  almost  all  of  the  country  interconnected  in  1938  at  220  kv.  by  1946,  the  grid  is  the  worlds  most  dense.  that  year  that  state  nationalised  the  industry,  by  uniting  the  private  companies  as  lectricit  de  france.  the  frequency  was  standardised  at  50  hz,  and  the  225  kv  network  replaces
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 110  and  120.  from  1956,  service  voltage  is  standardised  at  220  /  380  v,  replacing  the  previous  127/220  v.  during  the  1970s,  the  400  kv  network,  the  new  european  standard,  was  implemented.  features  voltage  grids  are  designed  to  supply  voltages  at  largely  constant  amplitudes.  this  has  to  be  achieved  with  varying  demand,  variable  reactive  loads,  and  even  nonlinear  loads,  with  electricity  provided  by  generators  and  distribution  and  transmission  equipment  that  are  not  perfectly  reliable.  often  grids  use  tap  changers  on  transformers  near  to  the  consumers  to  adjust  the  voltage  and  keep  it  within  specification.  topologies  transmission  networks  are  complex  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement redundant  pathways.  for  example,  see  the  map  of  the  united  states  right  highvoltage  transmission  network.the  structure,  or  topology  of  a  grid  can  vary  depending  on  the  constraints  of  budget,  requirements  for  system  reliability,  and  the  load  and  generation  characteristics.  the  physical  layout  is  often  forced  by  what  land  is  available  and  its  geology.  distribution  networks  are  divided  into  two  types,  radial  or  network.the  simplest  topology  for  a  distribution  or  transmission  grid  is  a  radial  structure.  this  is  a  tree  shape  where  power  from  a  large  supply  radiates  out  into  progressively  lower  voltage  lines  until  the  destination  homes  and  businesses  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reached.  however,  single  failures  can  take  out  entire  branches  of  the  tree.most  transmission  grids  offer  the  reliability  that  more  complex  mesh  networks  provide.  the  expense  of  mesh  topologies  restrict  their  application  to  transmission  and  medium  voltage  distribution  grids.  redundancy  allows  line  failures  to  occur  and  power  is  simply  rerouted  while  workmen  repair  the  damaged  and  deactivated  line.other  topologies  used  are  looped  systems  found  in  europe  and  tied  ring  networks.in  cities  and  towns  of  north  america,  the  grid  tends  to  follow  the  classic  radially  fed  design.  a  substation  receives  its  power  from  the  transmission  network,  the  power  is  stepped  down  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  transformer  and  sent  to  a  bus  from  which  feeders  fan  out  in  all  directions  across  the  countryside.  these  feeders  carry  threephase  power,  and  tend  to  follow  the  major  streets  near  the  substation.  as  the  distance  from  the  substation  grows,  the  fanout  continues  as  smaller  laterals  spread  out  to  cover  areas  missed  by  the  feeders.  this  treelike  structure  grows  outward  from  the  substation,  but  for  reliability  reasons,  usually  contains  at  least  one  unused  backup  connection  to  a  nearby  substation.  this  connection  can  be  enabled  in  case  of  an  emergency,  so  that  a  portion  of  a  substations  service  territory  can  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement alternatively  fed  by  another  substation.  synchronous  grid  a  synchronous  grid  or  an  interconnection  is  a  group  of  distribution  areas  all  operating  with  three  phase  alternating  current  ac  frequencies  synchronized  so  that  peaks  occur  at  virtually  the  same  time.  this  allows  transmission  of  ac  power  throughout  the  area,  connecting  a  large  number  of  electricity  generators  and  consumers  and  potentially  enabling  more  efficient  electricity  markets  and  redundant  generation.  interconnection  maps  are  shown  of  north  america  right  and  europe  below  left.a  large  failure  in  one  part  of  the  grid  unless  quickly  compensated  for  can  cause  current  to  reroute  itself  to  flow  from  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement remaining  generators  to  consumers  over  transmission  lines  of  insufficient  capacity,  causing  further  failures.  one  downside  to  a  widely  connected  grid  is  thus  the  possibility  of  cascading  failure  and  widespread  power  outage.  a  central  authority  is  usually  designated  to  facilitate  communication  and  develop  protocols  to  maintain  a  stable  grid.  for  example,  the  north  american  electric  reliability  corporation  gained  binding  powers  in  the  united  states  in  2006,  and  has  advisory  powers  in  the  applicable  parts  of  canada  and  mexico.  the  u.s.  government  has  also  designated  national  interest  electric  transmission  corridors,  where  it  believes  transmission  bottlenecks  have  developed.some  areas,  for  example  rural  communities
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  alaska,  do  not  operate  on  a  large  grid,  relying  instead  on  local  diesel  generators.  frequency  in  a  synchronous  grid  all  the  generators  must  run  at  the  same  frequency,  and  must  stay  very  nearly  in  phase  with  each  other  and  the  grid.  for  rotating  generators,  a  local  governor  regulates  the  driving  torque,  maintaining  constant  speed  as  loading  changes.  droop  speed  control  ensures  that  multiple  parallel  generators  share  load  changes  in  proportion  to  their  rating.  generation  and  consumption  must  be  balanced  across  the  entire  grid,  because  energy  is  consumed  as  it  is  produced.  energy  is  stored  in  the  immediate  short  term
__label__energymonitoringmanagement by  the  rotational  kinetic  energy  of  the  generators.small  deviations  from  the  nominal  system  frequency  are  very  important  in  regulating  individual  generators  and  assessing  the  equilibrium  of  the  grid  as  a  whole.  when  the  grid  is  heavily  loaded,  the  frequency  slows,  and  governors  adjust  their  generators  so  that  more  power  is  output  droop  speed  control.  when  the  grid  is  lightly  loaded  the  grid  frequency  runs  above  the  nominal  frequency,  and  this  is  taken  as  an  indication  by  automatic  generation  control  systems  across  the  network  that  generators  should  reduce  their  output.in  addition,  theres  often  central  control,  which  can  change  the  parameters  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  agc  systems  over  timescales  of  a  minute  or  longer  to  further  adjust  the  regional  network  flows  and  the  operating  frequency  of  the  grid.  for  timekeeping  purposes,  the  nominal  frequency  will  be  allowed  to  vary  in  the  short  term,  but  are  adjusted  to  prevent  lineoperated  clocks  from  gaining  or  losing  significant  time  over  the  course  of  a  whole  24  hour  period.an  entire  synchronous  grid  runs  at  the  same  frequency,  neighbouring  grids  would  not  be  synchronised  even  if  they  run  at  the  same  nominal  frequency.  highvoltage  direct  current  lines  or  variablefrequency  transformers  can  be  used  to  connect  two  alternating  current  interconnection
__label__energymonitoringmanagement networks  which  are  not  synchronized  with  each  other.  this  provides  the  benefit  of  interconnection  without  the  need  to  synchronize  an  even  wider  area.  for  example,  compare  the  wide  area  synchronous  grid  map  of  europe  with  the  map  of  hvdc  lines.  demand  the  demand,  or  load  on  an  electrical  grid  is  the  total  electrical  power  being  removed  by  the  users  of  the  grid.baseload  is  the  minimum  load  on  the  grid  over  any  given  period,  peak  demand  is  the  maximum  load.  historically,  baseload  was  commonly  met  by  equipment  that  was  cheap  to  run,  that  ran  continuously  for  weeks  or  months  at  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement time,  but  globally  this  is  becoming  less  common.  the  peak  demand  requirements  are  sometimes  produced  by  peaking  plants  that  are  generators  optimised  to  come  online  quickly.  production  the  sum  of  the  power  outputs  of  generators  on  the  grid  is  the  production  of  the  grid,  typically  measured  in  gigawatts  gw.  the  total  energy  produced  is  the  integral  of  the  power  outputs,  which  is  measured  in  gigawatt  hours  gwh.  transmission  losses  it  might  be  expected  that  demand  and  production  might  be  equal,  however,  in  practice  power  is  lost  in  transmission  lines  and  transformers  in  the  transmission  grid,  so  the  demand  plus  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement losses  is  equal  to  the  production.  where  power  is  being  exported  or  imported  to  neighbouring  grids  that  power  is  often  considered  as  a  demand  or  production  respectively.  capacity  and  firm  capacity  the  sum  of  the  maximum  power  outputs  nameplate  capacity  of  the  generators  attached  to  an  electrical  grid  might  be  considered  to  be  the  capacity  of  the  grid.however,  in  practice,  they  are  never  run  flat  out  simultaneously.  typically,  some  generators  are  kept  running  at  lower  output  powers  spinning  reserve  to  deal  with  failures  as  well  as  variation  in  demand.  in  addition  generators  can  be  offline  for  maintenance  or  other  reasons,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement such  as  availability  of  energy  inputs  fuel,  water,  wind,  sun  etc.  or  pollution  constraints.firm  capacity  is  the  maximum  power  output  on  a  grid  that  is  immediately  available  over  a  given  time  period,  and  is  a  far  more  useful  figure.  grid  code  gridconnected  equipments  behaviors  are  governed  by  a  grid  code  which  is  a  specification  generally  provided  by  the  network  operator.  this  ensures  the  grid  stability  and  in  particular  specifies  the  correct  behavior  in  offnominal  scenarios.  interconnectors  electric  utilities  between  regions  are  many  times  interconnected  for  improved  economy  and  reliability.  electrical  interconnectors  allow  for  economies  of  scale,  allowing  energy  to  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement purchased  from  large,  efficient  sources.  utilities  can  draw  power  from  generator  reserves  from  a  different  region  to  ensure  continuing,  reliable  power  and  diversify  their  loads.  interconnection  also  allows  regions  to  have  access  to  cheap  bulk  energy  by  receiving  power  from  different  sources.  for  example,  one  region  may  be  producing  cheap  hydro  power  during  high  water  seasons,  but  in  low  water  seasons,  another  area  may  be  producing  cheaper  power  through  wind,  allowing  both  regions  to  access  cheaper  energy  sources  from  one  another  during  different  times  of  the  year.  neighboring  utilities  also  help  others  to  maintain  the  overall  system  frequency  and  also
__label__energymonitoringmanagement help  manage  tie  transfers  between  utility  regions.electricity  interconnection  level  eil  of  a  grid  is  the  ratio  of  the  total  interconnector  power  to  the  grid  divided  by  the  installed  production  capacity  of  the  grid.  within  the  eu,  it  has  set  a  target  of  national  grids  reaching  10  by  2020,  and  15  by  2030.  storage  grid  energy  storage  also  called  largescale  energy  storage  is  a  collection  of  methods  used  to  store  electrical  energy  on  a  large  scale  within  an  electrical  power  grid.  electrical  energy  is  stored  during  times  when  production  especially  from  intermittent  power  plants  such  as  renewable  electricity  sources  such  as
__label__energymonitoringmanagement wind  power,  tidal  power,  solar  power  exceeds  consumption,  and  returned  to  the  grid  when  production  falls  below  consumption.as  of  2017,  the  largest  form  of  grid  energy  storage  is  dammed  hydroelectricity,  with  both  conventional  hydroelectric  generation  as  well  as  pumped  storage  hydroelectricity.  alternatives  include  rail  energy  storage,  where  rail  cars  carrying  large  weights  are  moved  up  or  down  a  section  of  inclined  rail  track,  storing  or  releasing  energy  as  a  result;  or  disused  oilwell  potential  energy  storage,  where  weights  are  raised  or  lowered  in  a  deep,  decommissioned  oil  well.developments  in  battery  storage  have  enabled  commercially  viable  projects  to  store  energy  during
__label__energymonitoringmanagement peak  production  and  release  during  peak  demand.two  alternatives  to  grid  storage  are  the  use  of  peaking  power  plants  to  fill  in  supply  gaps  and  demand  response  to  shift  load  to  other  times.  failure  brownout  a  brownout  is  an  intentional  or  unintentional  drop  in  voltage  in  an  electrical  power  supply  system.  intentional  brownouts  are  used  for  load  reduction  in  an  emergency.  the  reduction  lasts  for  minutes  or  hours,  as  opposed  to  shortterm  voltage  sag  or  dip.  the  term  brownout  comes  from  the  dimming  experienced  by  incandescent  lighting  when  the  voltage  sags.  a  voltage  reduction  may  be  an  effect  of  disruption  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement an  electrical  grid,  or  may  occasionally  be  imposed  in  an  effort  to  reduce  load  and  prevent  a  power  outage,  known  as  a  blackout.  blackout  a  power  outage  also  called  a  power  cut,  a  power  out,  a  power  blackout,  power  failure  or  a  blackout  is  a  shortterm  or  a  longterm  loss  of  the  electric  power  to  a  particular  area.there  are  many  causes  of  power  failures  in  an  electricity  network.  examples  of  these  causes  include  faults  at  power  stations,  damage  to  electric  transmission  lines,  substations  or  other  parts  of  the  distribution  system,  a  short  circuit,  cascading  failure,  fuse  or  circuit  breaker  operation.power
__label__energymonitoringmanagement failures  are  particularly  critical  at  sites  where  the  environment  and  public  safety  are  at  risk.  institutions  such  as  hospitals,  sewage  treatment  plants,  mines,  shelters  and  the  like  will  usually  have  backup  power  sources  such  as  standby  generators,  which  will  automatically  start  up  when  electrical  power  is  lost.  other  critical  systems,  such  as  telecommunication,  are  also  required  to  have  emergency  power.  the  battery  room  of  a  telephone  exchange  usually  has  arrays  of  leadacid  batteries  for  backup  and  also  a  socket  for  connecting  a  generator  during  extended  periods  of  outage.  load  shedding  electrical  generation  and  transmission  systems  may  not  always  meet  peak
__label__energymonitoringmanagement demand  requirements  the  greatest  amount  of  electricity  required  by  all  utility  customers  within  a  given  region.  in  these  situations,  overall  demand  must  be  lowered,  either  by  turning  off  service  to  some  devices  or  cutting  back  the  supply  voltage  brownouts,  in  order  to  prevent  uncontrolled  service  disruptions  such  as  power  outages  widespread  blackouts  or  equipment  damage.  utilities  may  impose  load  shedding  on  service  areas  via  targeted  blackouts,  rolling  blackouts  or  by  agreements  with  specific  highuse  industrial  consumers  to  turn  off  equipment  at  times  of  systemwide  peak  demand.  black  start  a  black  start  is  the  process  of  restoring  an  electric  power  station
__label__energymonitoringmanagement or  a  part  of  an  electric  grid  to  operation  without  relying  on  the  external  electric  power  transmission  network  to  recover  from  a  total  or  partial  shutdown.normally,  the  electric  power  used  within  the  plant  is  provided  from  the  stations  own  generators.  if  all  of  the  plants  main  generators  are  shut  down,  station  service  power  is  provided  by  drawing  power  from  the  grid  through  the  plants  transmission  line.  however,  during  a  widearea  outage,  offsite  power  from  the  grid  is  not  available.  in  the  absence  of  grid  power,  a  socalled  black  start  needs  to  be  performed  to  bootstrap  the  power  grid  into  operation.to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement provide  a  black  start,  some  power  stations  have  small  diesel  generators,  normally  called  the  black  start  diesel  generator  bsdg,  which  can  be  used  to  start  larger  generators  of  several  megawatts  capacity,  which  in  turn  can  be  used  to  start  the  main  power  station  generators.  generating  plants  using  steam  turbines  require  station  service  power  of  up  to  10  of  their  capacity  for  boiler  feedwater  pumps,  boiler  forceddraft  combustion  air  blowers,  and  for  fuel  preparation.  it  is  uneconomical  to  provide  such  a  large  standby  capacity  at  each  station,  so  blackstart  power  must  be  provided  over  designated  tie  lines  from  another  station.  often
__label__energymonitoringmanagement hydroelectric  power  plants  are  designated  as  the  blackstart  sources  to  restore  network  interconnections.  a  hydroelectric  station  needs  very  little  initial  power  to  start  just  enough  to  open  the  intake  gates  and  provide  excitation  current  to  the  generator  field  coils,  and  can  put  a  large  block  of  power  on  line  very  quickly  to  allow  startup  of  fossilfuel  or  nuclear  stations.  certain  types  of  combustion  turbine  can  be  configured  for  black  start,  providing  another  option  in  places  without  suitable  hydroelectric  plants.  in  2017  a  utility  in  southern  california  has  successfully  demonstrated  the  use  of  a  battery  energy  storage  system  to  provide  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement black  start,  firing  up  a  combined  cycle  gas  turbine  from  an  idle  state.  size  wide  area  synchronous  grid  a  wide  area  synchronous  grid  also  called  an  interconnection  in  north  america  is  an  electrical  grid  at  a  regional  scale  or  greater  that  operates  at  a  synchronized  frequency  and  is  electrically  tied  together  during  normal  system  conditions.  these  are  also  known  as  synchronous  zones,  the  largest  of  which  is  the  synchronous  grid  of  continental  europe  entsoe  with  667  gigawatts  gw  of  generation,  and  the  widest  region  served  being  that  of  the  ips/ups  system  serving  countries  of  the  former  soviet  union.  synchronous  grids
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  ample  capacity  facilitate  electricity  market  trading  across  wide  areas.  in  the  entsoe  in  2008,  over  350,000  megawatt  hours  were  sold  per  day  on  the  european  energy  exchange  eex.each  of  the  interconnects  in  north  america  are  run  at  a  nominal  60  hz,  while  those  of  europe  run  at  50  hz.  neighbouring  interconnections  with  the  same  frequency  and  standards  can  be  synchronized  and  directly  connected  to  form  a  larger  interconnection,  or  they  may  share  power  without  synchronization  via  highvoltage  direct  current  power  transmission  lines  dc  ties,  or  with  variablefrequency  transformers  vfts,  which  permit  a  controlled  flow  of  energy  while  also  functionally
__label__energymonitoringmanagement isolating  the  independent  ac  frequencies  of  each  side.the  benefits  of  synchronous  zones  include  pooling  of  generation,  resulting  in  lower  generation  costs;  pooling  of  load,  resulting  in  significant  equalizing  effects;  common  provisioning  of  reserves,  resulting  in  cheaper  primary  and  secondary  reserve  power  costs;  opening  of  the  market,  resulting  in  possibility  of  long  term  contracts  and  short  term  power  exchanges;  and  mutual  assistance  in  the  event  of  disturbances.one  disadvantage  of  a  widearea  synchronous  grid  is  that  problems  in  one  part  can  have  repercussions  across  the  whole  grid.  for  example,  in  2018  kosovo  used  more  power  than  it  generated  due  to  a  row
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  serbia,  leading  to  the  phase  across  the  whole  synchronous  grid  of  continental  europe  lagging  behind  what  it  should  have  been.  the  frequency  dropped  to  49.996  hz.  this  caused  certain  kinds  of  clocks  to  become  six  minutes  slow.  microgrid  a  microgrid  is  a  localized  group  of  electricity  sources  and  loads  that  normally  operates  connected  to  and  synchronous  with  the  traditional  wide  area  synchronous  grid  macrogrid,  but  can  also  disconnect  to  island  mode  and  function  autonomously  as  physical  and/or  economic  conditions  dictate.in  this  way,  a  microgrid  can  effectively  integrate  various  sources  of  distributed  generation,  especially  renewable  energy  sources,  and  can  supply
__label__energymonitoringmanagement emergency  power,  changing  between  island  and  connected  modes.control  and  protection  are  challenges  to  microgrids.  super  grids  various  planned  and  proposed  systems  to  dramatically  increase  transmission  capacity  are  known  as  super,  or  mega  grids.  the  promised  benefits  include  enabling  the  renewable  energy  industry  to  sell  electricity  to  distant  markets,  the  ability  to  increase  usage  of  intermittent  energy  sources  by  balancing  them  across  vast  geographical  regions,  and  the  removal  of  congestion  that  prevents  electricity  markets  from  flourishing.  local  opposition  to  siting  new  lines  and  the  significant  cost  of  these  projects  are  major  obstacles  to  super  grids.  one  study  for  a  european  super
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid  estimates  that  as  much  as  750  gw  of  extra  transmission  capacity  would  be  required  capacity  that  would  be  accommodated  in  increments  of  5  gw  hvdc  lines.  a  recent  proposal  by  transcanada  priced  a  1,600km,  3gw  hvdc  line  at  us3  billion  and  would  require  a  wide  corridor.  in  india,  a  recent  6  gw,  1,850km  proposal  was  priced  at  790  million  and  would  require  a  wide  right  of  way.  with  750  gw  of  new  hvdc  transmission  capacity  required  for  a  european  super  grid,  the  land  and  money  needed  for  new  transmission  lines  would  be  considerable.  trends  increasing  electrification  the  number  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement people  with  access  to  grid  electricity  is  growing.  about  840  million  people  mostly  in  africa  had  no  access  to  grid  electricity  in  2017,  down  from  1.2  billion  in  2010.  demand  response  demand  response  is  a  grid  management  technique  where  retail  or  wholesale  customers  are  requested  either  electronically  or  manually  to  reduce  their  load.  currently,  transmission  grid  operators  use  demand  response  to  request  load  reduction  from  major  energy  users  such  as  industrial  plants.  aging  infrastructure  despite  the  novel  institutional  arrangements  and  network  designs  of  the  electrical  grid,  its  power  delivery  infrastructures  suffer  aging  across  the  developed  world.  contributing  factors  to  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement current  state  of  the  electric  grid  and  its  consequences  include:aging  equipment  older  equipment  has  higher  failure  rates,  leading  to  customer  interruption  rates  affecting  the  economy  and  society;  also,  older  assets  and  facilities  lead  to  higher  inspection  maintenance  costs  and  further  repair  and  restoration  costs.obsolete  system  layout  older  areas  require  serious  additional  substation  sites  and  rightsofway  that  cannot  be  obtained  in  the  current  area  and  are  forced  to  use  existing,  insufficient  facilities.outdated  engineering  traditional  tools  for  power  delivery  planning  and  engineering  are  ineffective  in  addressing  current  problems  of  aged  equipment,  obsolete  system  layouts,  and  modern  deregulated  loading  levels.old  cultural  value  planning,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement engineering,  operating  of  system  using  concepts  and  procedures  that  worked  in  vertically  integrated  industry  exacerbate  the  problem  under  a  deregulated  industry.one  countermeasure  against  cascading  failures  from  exploding  highvoltage  transformers  is  highvoltage  transformer  fire  barriers.  modernization  thirtyseven  states  plus  the  district  of  columbia  took  some  action  to  modernize  electric  grids  in  the  first  quarter  of  2017,  according  to  the  north  carolina  clean  energy  technology  center.  the  states  did  so  to  make  electricity  systems  more  resilient  and  interactive.  the  most  common  actions  that  states  took  were  advanced  metering  infrastructure  deployment  19  states  did  this,  smart  grid  deployment  and  timevarying  rates  for  residential
__label__energymonitoringmanagement customers.legislatively,  in  the  first  quarter  of  the  year  82  relevant  bills  were  introduced  in  different  parts  of  the  united  states.  at  the  close  of  the  quarter,  most  of  the  bills  remained  pending.  for  example,  legislators  in  hawaii  introduced  a  bill  that  would  create  an  energy  storage  tax  credit.  in  california,  the  state  senate  had  a  bill  that  would  create  a  new  energy  storage  rebate  program.in  august  2018,  advanced  energy  economy  aee  and  citizens  for  responsible  energy  solutions  forum  cres  forum  published  a  policy  paper  that  gave  five  recommendations  on  ways  to  modernize  the  u.s.  electric  power  grid.  these  recommendations  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  streamline  the  federal  permit  process  for  advanced  energy  projects;  encourage  grid  planners  to  consider  alternatives  to  investment  in  transmission;  allow  energy  storage  and  energy  efficiency  to  compete  with  additional  energy  generation;  allow  large  customers  to  choose  their  own  sources  of  electricity;  and  allow  utilities  and  consumers  to  benefit  from  cloud  computing  software.  distributed  generation  with  everything  interconnected,  and  open  competition  occurring  in  a  free  market  economy,  it  starts  to  make  sense  to  allow  and  even  encourage  distributed  generation  dg.  smaller  generators,  usually  not  owned  by  the  utility,  can  be  brought  online  to  help  supply  the  need  for  power.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement smaller  generation  facility  might  be  a  homeowner  with  excess  power  from  their  solar  panel  or  wind  turbine.  it  might  be  a  small  office  with  a  diesel  generator.  these  resources  can  be  brought  online  either  at  the  utilitys  behest,  or  by  owner  of  the  generation  in  an  effort  to  sell  electricity.  many  small  generators  are  allowed  to  sell  electricity  back  to  the  grid  for  the  same  price  they  would  pay  to  buy  it.as  the  21st  century  progresses,  the  electric  utility  industry  seeks  to  take  advantage  of  novel  approaches  to  meet  growing  energy  demand.  utilities  are  under  pressure  to  evolve  their  classic
__label__energymonitoringmanagement topologies  to  accommodate  distributed  generation.  as  generation  becomes  more  common  from  rooftop  solar  and  wind  generators,  the  differences  between  distribution  and  transmission  grids  will  continue  to  blur.  in  july  2017  the  ceo  of  mercedesbenz  said  that  the  energy  industry  needs  to  work  better  with  companies  from  other  industries  to  form  a  total  ecosystem,  to  integrate  central  and  distributed  energy  resources  der  to  give  customers  what  they  want.  the  electrical  grid  was  originally  constructed  so  that  electricity  would  flow  from  power  providers  to  consumers.  however,  with  the  introduction  of  der,  power  needs  to  flow  both  ways  on  the  electric  grid,  because
__label__energymonitoringmanagement customers  may  have  power  sources  such  as  solar  panels.  smart  grid  the  smart  grid  would  be  an  enhancement  of  the  20th  century  electrical  grid,  using  twoway  communications  and  distributed  socalled  intelligent  devices.  twoway  flows  of  electricity  and  information  could  improve  the  delivery  network.  research  is  mainly  focused  on  three  systems  of  a  smart  grid  the  infrastructure  system,  the  management  system,  and  the  protection  system.the  infrastructure  system  is  the  energy,  information,  and  communication  infrastructure  underlying  of  the  smart  grid  that  supports:advanced  electricity  generation,  delivery,  and  consumptionadvanced  information  metering,  monitoring,  and  managementadvanced  communication  technologiesa  smart  grid  would  allow  the  power  industry  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement observe  and  control  parts  of  the  system  at  higher  resolution  in  time  and  space.  one  of  the  purposes  of  the  smart  grid  is  real  time  information  exchange  to  make  operation  as  efficient  as  possible.  it  would  allow  management  of  the  grid  on  all  time  scales  from  highfrequency  switching  devices  on  a  microsecond  scale,  to  wind  and  solar  output  variations  on  a  minute  scale,  to  the  future  effects  of  the  carbon  emissions  generated  by  power  production  on  a  decade  scale.the  management  system  is  the  subsystem  in  smart  grid  that  provides  advanced  management  and  control  services.  most  of  the  existing  works  aim
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  improve  energy  efficiency,  demand  profile,  utility,  cost,  and  emission,  based  on  the  infrastructure  by  using  optimization,  machine  learning,  and  game  theory.  within  the  advanced  infrastructure  framework  of  smart  grid,  more  and  more  new  management  services  and  applications  are  expected  to  emerge  and  eventually  revolutionize  consumers  daily  lives.the  protection  system  of  a  smart  grid  provides  grid  reliability  analysis,  failure  protection,  and  security  and  privacy  protection  services.  while  the  additional  communication  infrastructure  of  a  smart  grid  provides  additional  protective  and  security  mechanisms,  it  also  presents  a  risk  of  external  attack  and  internal  failures.  in  a  report  on  cyber  security  of  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid  technology  first  produced  in  2010,  and  later  updated  in  2014,  the  us  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  pointed  out  that  the  ability  to  collect  more  data  about  energy  use  from  customer  smart  meters  also  raises  major  privacy  concerns,  since  the  information  stored  at  the  meter,  which  is  potentially  vulnerable  to  data  breaches,  can  be  mined  for  personal  details  about  customers.in  the  u.s.,  the  energy  policy  act  of  2005  and  title  xiii  of  the  energy  independence  and  security  act  of  2007  are  providing  funding  to  encourage  smart  grid  development.  the  objective  is  to  enable  utilities  to  better  predict  their
__label__energymonitoringmanagement needs,  and  in  some  cases  involve  consumers  in  a  timeofuse  tariff.  funds  have  also  been  allocated  to  develop  more  robust  energy  control  technologies.  grid  defection  as  there  is  some  resistance  in  the  electric  utility  sector  to  the  concepts  of  distributed  generation  with  various  renewable  energy  sources  and  microscale  cogen  units,  several  authors  have  warned  that  massscale  grid  defection  is  possible  because  consumers  can  produce  electricity  using  off  grid  systems  primarily  made  up  of  solar  photovoltaic  technology.the  rocky  mountain  institute  has  proposed  that  there  may  be  widescale  grid  defection.  this  is  backed  up  by  studies  in  the  midwest.  however,  the  paper
__label__energymonitoringmanagement points  out  that  grid  defection  may  be  less  likely  in  countries  like  germany  which  have  greater  power  demands  in  winter.  utilities  and  oligopoly  due  to  the  enormous  capital  outlays,  utilities  were  a  vertically  integrated  business  throughout  the  20th  century  owning  the  power  generation,  the  transmission  lines  while  also  managing  the  bills  commercialization.  presently,  technological  progress  has  enabled  individuals  and  groups  to  take  on  the  functions  that  used  to  be  the  sole  domain  of  the  utility.  adding  to  the  shift  is  the  impact  of  aging  infrastructure  on  reliability,  security  and  performance  factors.  see  also  grid  connectionhighvoltage  transformer  fire  barriersnorth  american  electric
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  substation  is  a  part  of  an  electrical  generation,  transmission,  and  distribution  system.  substations  transform  voltage  from  high  to  low,  or  the  reverse,  or  perform  any  of  several  other  important  functions.  between  the  generating  station  and  consumer,  electric  power  may  flow  through  several  substations  at  different  voltage  levels.  a  substation  may  include  transformers  to  change  voltage  levels  between  high  transmission  voltages  and  lower  distribution  voltages,  or  at  the  interconnection  of  two  different  transmission  voltages.substations  may  be  owned  and  operated  by  an  electrical  utility,  or  may  be  owned  by  a  large  industrial  or  commercial  customer.  generally  substations  are  unattended,  relying  on
__label__energymonitoringmanagement scada  for  remote  supervision  and  control.the  word  substation  comes  from  the  days  before  the  distribution  system  became  a  grid.  as  central  generation  stations  became  larger,  smaller  generating  plants  were  converted  to  distribution  stations,  receiving  their  energy  supply  from  a  larger  plant  instead  of  using  their  own  generators.  the  first  substations  were  connected  to  only  one  power  station,  where  the  generators  were  housed,  and  were  subsidiaries  of  that  power  station.  types  substations  may  be  described  by  their  voltage  class,  their  applications  within  the  power  system,  the  method  used  to  insulate  most  connections,  and  by  the  style  and  materials  of  the  structures
__label__energymonitoringmanagement used.  these  categories  are  not  disjointed;  for  example,  to  solve  a  particular  problem,  a  transmission  substation  may  include  significant  distribution  functions.  transmission  substation  a  transmission  substation  connects  two  or  more  transmission  lines.  the  simplest  case  is  where  all  transmission  lines  have  the  same  voltage.  in  such  cases,  substation  contains  highvoltage  switches  that  allow  lines  to  be  connected  or  isolated  for  fault  clearance  or  maintenance.  a  transmission  station  may  have  transformers  to  convert  between  two  transmission  voltages,  voltage  control/power  factor  correction  devices  such  as  capacitors,  reactors  or  static  var  compensators  and  equipment  such  as  phase  shifting  transformers  to  control  power  flow
__label__energymonitoringmanagement between  two  adjacent  power  systems.transmission  substations  can  range  from  simple  to  complex.  a  small  switching  station  may  be  little  more  than  a  bus  plus  some  circuit  breakers.  the  largest  transmission  substations  can  cover  a  large  area  several  acres/hectares  with  multiple  voltage  levels,  many  circuit  breakers,  and  a  large  amount  of  protection  and  control  equipment  voltage  and  current  transformers,  relays  and  scada  systems.  modern  substations  may  be  implemented  using  international  standards  such  as  iec  standard  61850.  distribution  substation  a  distribution  substation  transfers  power  from  the  transmission  system  to  the  distribution  system  of  an  area.  it  is  uneconomical  to  directly  connect  electricity
__label__energymonitoringmanagement consumers  to  the  main  transmission  network,  unless  they  use  large  amounts  of  power,  so  the  distribution  station  reduces  voltage  to  a  level  suitable  for  local  distribution.the  input  for  a  distribution  substation  is  typically  at  least  two  transmission  or  subtransmission  lines.  input  voltage  may  be,  for  example,  115  kv,  or  whatever  is  common  in  the  area.  the  output  is  a  number  of  feeders.  distribution  voltages  are  typically  medium  voltage,  between  2.4  kv  and  33  kv,  depending  on  the  size  of  the  area  served  and  the  practices  of  the  local  utility.  the  feeders  run  along  streets  overhead  or  underground,  in  some  cases
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  power  the  distribution  transformers  at  or  near  the  customer  premises.in  addition  to  transforming  voltage,  distribution  substations  also  isolate  faults  in  either  the  transmission  or  distribution  systems.  distribution  substations  are  typically  the  points  of  voltage  regulation,  although  on  long  distribution  circuits  of  several  miles/kilometers,  voltage  regulation  equipment  may  also  be  installed  along  the  line.the  downtown  areas  of  large  cities  feature  complicated  distribution  substations,  with  highvoltage  switching,  and  switching  and  backup  systems  on  the  lowvoltage  side.  more  typical  distribution  substations  have  a  switch,  one  transformer,  and  minimal  facilities  on  the  lowvoltage  side.  collector  substation  in  distributed  generation  projects  such  as  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement wind  farm  or  photovoltaic  power  station,  a  collector  substation  may  be  required.  it  resembles  a  distribution  substation  although  power  flow  is  in  the  opposite  direction,  from  many  wind  turbines  or  inverters  up  into  the  transmission  grid.  usually  for  economy  of  construction  the  collector  system  operates  around  35  kv,  although  some  collector  systems  are  12  kv,  and  the  collector  substation  steps  up  voltage  to  a  transmission  voltage  for  the  grid.  the  collector  substation  can  also  provide  power  factor  correction  if  it  is  needed,  metering,  and  control  of  the  wind  farm.  in  some  special  cases  a  collector  substation  can  also  contain  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement hvdc  converter  station.collector  substations  also  exist  where  multiple  thermal  or  hydroelectric  power  plants  of  comparable  output  power  are  in  proximity.  examples  for  such  substations  are  brauweiler  in  germany  and  hradec  in  the  czech  republic,  where  power  is  collected  from  nearby  lignitefired  power  plants.  if  no  transformers  are  required  for  increasing  the  voltage  to  transmission  level,  the  substation  is  a  switching  station.  converter  substations  converter  substations  may  be  associated  with  hvdc  converter  plants,  traction  current,  or  interconnected  nonsynchronous  networks.  these  stations  contain  power  electronic  devices  to  change  the  frequency  of  current,  or  else  convert  from  alternating  to  direct  current  or  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reverse.  formerly  rotary  converters  changed  frequency  to  interconnect  two  systems;  nowadays  such  substations  are  rare.  switching  station  a  switching  station  is  a  substation  without  transformers  and  operating  only  at  a  single  voltage  level.  switching  stations  are  sometimes  used  as  collector  and  distribution  stations.  sometimes  they  are  used  for  switching  the  current  to  backup  lines  or  for  parallelizing  circuits  in  case  of  failure.  an  example  is  the  switching  stations  for  the  hvdc  ingashaba  transmission  line.a  switching  station  may  also  be  known  as  a  switchyard,  and  these  are  commonly  located  directly  adjacent  to  or  nearby  a  power  station.  in  this  case  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement generators  from  the  power  station  supply  their  power  into  the  yard  onto  the  generator  bus  on  one  side  of  the  yard,  and  the  transmission  lines  take  their  power  from  a  feeder  bus  on  the  other  side  of  the  yard.an  important  function  performed  by  a  substation  is  switching,  which  is  the  connecting  and  disconnecting  of  transmission  lines  or  other  components  to  and  from  the  system.  switching  events  may  be  planned  or  unplanned.  a  transmission  line  or  other  component  may  need  to  be  deenergized  for  maintenance  or  for  new  construction,  for  example,  adding  or  removing  a  transmission  line  or  a  transformer.  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement maintain  reliability  of  supply,  companies  aim  at  keeping  the  system  up  and  running  while  performing  maintenance.  all  work  to  be  performed,  from  routine  testing  to  adding  entirely  new  substations,  should  be  done  while  keeping  the  whole  system  running.unplanned  switching  events  are  caused  by  a  fault  in  a  transmission  line  or  any  other  component,  for  example:a  line  is  hit  by  lightning  and  develops  an  arc,a  tower  is  blown  down  by  high  wind.the  function  of  the  switching  station  is  to  isolate  the  faulty  portion  of  the  system  in  the  shortest  possible  time.  deenergizing  faulty  equipment  protects  it  from  further  damage,  and  isolating
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  fault  helps  keep  the  rest  of  the  electrical  grid  operating  with  stability.  railways  electrified  railways  also  use  substations,  often  distribution  substations.  in  some  cases  a  conversion  of  the  current  type  takes  place,  commonly  with  rectifiers  for  direct  current  dc  trains,  or  rotary  converters  for  trains  using  alternating  current  ac  at  frequencies  other  than  that  of  the  public  grid.  sometimes  they  are  also  transmission  substations  or  collector  substations  if  the  railway  network  also  operates  its  own  grid  and  generators  to  supply  the  other  stations.  mobile  substation  a  mobile  substation  is  a  substation  on  wheels,  containing  a  transformer,  breakers  and  buswork
__label__energymonitoringmanagement mounted  on  a  selfcontained  semitrailer,  meant  to  be  pulled  by  a  truck.  they  are  designed  to  be  compact  for  travel  on  public  roads,  and  are  used  for  temporary  backup  in  times  of  natural  disaster  or  war.  mobile  substations  are  usually  rated  much  lower  than  permanent  installations,  and  may  be  built  in  several  units  to  meet  road  travel  limitations.  design  elements  of  a  substation  substations  generally  have  switching,  protection  and  control  equipment,  and  transformers.  in  a  large  substation,  circuit  breakers  are  used  to  interrupt  any  short  circuits  or  overload  currents  that  may  occur  on  the  network.  smaller  distribution  stations  may  use
__label__energymonitoringmanagement recloser  circuit  breakers  or  fuses  for  protection  of  distribution  circuits.  substations  themselves  do  not  usually  have  generators,  although  a  power  plant  may  have  a  substation  nearby.  other  devices  such  as  capacitors,  voltage  regulators,  and  reactors  may  also  be  located  at  a  substation.substations  may  be  on  the  surface  in  fenced  enclosures,  underground,  or  located  in  specialpurpose  buildings.  highrise  buildings  may  have  several  indoor  substations.  indoor  substations  are  usually  found  in  urban  areas  to  reduce  the  noise  from  the  transformers,  for  reasons  of  appearance,  or  to  protect  switchgear  from  extreme  climate  or  pollution  conditions.a  grounding  earthing  system  must  be  designed.  the  total
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ground  potential  rise,  and  the  gradients  in  potential  during  a  fault  called  touch  and  step  potentials,  must  be  calculated  to  protect  passersby  during  a  shortcircuit  in  the  transmission  system.  earth  faults  at  a  substation  can  cause  a  ground  potential  rise.  currents  flowing  in  the  earths  surface  during  a  fault  can  cause  metal  objects  to  have  a  significantly  different  voltage  than  the  ground  under  a  persons  feet;  this  touch  potential  presents  a  hazard  of  electrocution.  where  a  substation  has  a  metallic  fence,  it  must  be  properly  grounded  to  protect  people  from  this  hazard.the  main  issues  facing  a  power  engineer  are  reliability
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  cost.  a  good  design  attempts  to  strike  a  balance  between  these  two,  to  achieve  reliability  without  excessive  cost.  the  design  should  also  allow  expansion  of  the  station,  when  required.  location  selection  selection  of  the  location  of  a  substation  must  consider  many  factors.  sufficient  land  area  is  required  for  installation  of  equipment  with  necessary  clearances  for  electrical  safety,  and  for  access  to  maintain  large  apparatus  such  as  transformers.where  land  is  costly,  such  as  in  urban  areas,  gas  insulated  switchgear  may  save  money  overall.  substations  located  in  coastal  areas  affected  by  flooding  and  tropical  storms  may  often  require  an  elevated  structure
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  keep  equipment  sensitive  to  surges  hardened  against  these  elements.  the  site  must  have  room  for  expansion  due  to  load  growth  or  planned  transmission  additions.  environmental  effects  of  the  substation  must  be  considered,  such  as  drainage,  noise  and  road  traffic  effects.the  substation  site  must  be  reasonably  central  to  the  distribution  area  to  be  served.  the  site  must  be  secure  from  intrusion  by  passersby,  both  to  protect  people  from  injury  by  electric  shock  or  arcs,  and  to  protect  the  electrical  system  from  misoperation  due  to  vandalism.  design  diagrams  the  first  step  in  planning  a  substation  layout  is  the  preparation  of  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement oneline  diagram,  which  shows  in  simplified  form  the  switching  and  protection  arrangement  required,  as  well  as  the  incoming  supply  lines  and  outgoing  feeders  or  transmission  lines.  it  is  a  usual  practice  by  many  electrical  utilities  to  prepare  oneline  diagrams  with  principal  elements  lines,  switches,  circuit  breakers,  transformers  arranged  on  the  page  similarly  to  the  way  the  apparatus  would  be  laid  out  in  the  actual  station.in  a  common  design,  incoming  lines  have  a  disconnect  switch  and  a  circuit  breaker.  in  some  cases,  the  lines  will  not  have  both,  with  either  a  switch  or  a  circuit  breaker  being  all  that  is  considered
__label__energymonitoringmanagement necessary.  a  disconnect  switch  is  used  to  provide  isolation,  since  it  cannot  interrupt  load  current.  a  circuit  breaker  is  used  as  a  protection  device  to  interrupt  fault  currents  automatically,  and  may  be  used  to  switch  loads  on  and  off,  or  to  cut  off  a  line  when  power  is  flowing  in  the  wrong  direction.  when  a  large  fault  current  flows  through  the  circuit  breaker,  this  is  detected  through  the  use  of  current  transformers.  the  magnitude  of  the  current  transformer  outputs  may  be  used  to  trip  the  circuit  breaker  resulting  in  a  disconnection  of  the  load  supplied  by  the  circuit  break  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  feeding  point.  this  seeks  to  isolate  the  fault  point  from  the  rest  of  the  system,  and  allow  the  rest  of  the  system  to  continue  operating  with  minimal  impact.  both  switches  and  circuit  breakers  may  be  operated  locally  within  the  substation  or  remotely  from  a  supervisory  control  center.with  overhead  transmission  lines,  the  propagation  of  lightning  and  switching  surges  can  cause  insulation  failures  into  substation  equipment.  line  entrance  surge  arrestors  are  used  to  protect  substation  equipment  accordingly.  insulation  coordination  studies  are  carried  out  extensively  to  ensure  equipment  failure  and  associated  outages  is  minimal.once  past  the  switching  components,  the  lines  of  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement given  voltage  connect  to  one  or  more  buses.  these  are  sets  of  busbars,  usually  in  multiples  of  three,  since  threephase  electrical  power  distribution  is  largely  universal  around  the  world.the  arrangement  of  switches,  circuit  breakers,  and  buses  used  affects  the  cost  and  reliability  of  the  substation.  for  important  substations  a  ring  bus,  double  bus,  or  socalled  breaker  and  a  half  setup  can  be  used,  so  that  the  failure  of  any  one  circuit  breaker  does  not  interrupt  power  to  other  circuits,  and  so  that  parts  of  the  substation  may  be  deenergized  for  maintenance  and  repairs.  substations  feeding  only  a  single  industrial  load
__label__energymonitoringmanagement may  have  minimal  switching  provisions,  especially  for  small  installations.  once  having  established  buses  for  the  various  voltage  levels,  transformers  may  be  connected  between  the  voltage  levels.  these  will  again  have  a  circuit  breaker,  much  like  transmission  lines,  in  case  a  transformer  has  a  fault  commonly  called  a  short  circuit.along  with  this,  a  substation  always  has  control  circuitry  needed  to  command  the  various  circuit  breakers  to  open  in  case  of  the  failure  of  some  component.  automation  early  electrical  substations  required  manual  switching  or  adjustment  of  equipment,  and  manual  collection  of  data  for  load,  energy  consumption,  and  abnormal  events.  as  the  complexity
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  distribution  networks  grew,  it  became  economically  necessary  to  automate  supervision  and  control  of  substations  from  a  centrally  attended  point,  to  allow  overall  coordination  in  case  of  emergencies  and  to  reduce  operating  costs.  early  efforts  to  remote  control  substations  used  dedicated  communication  wires,  often  run  alongside  power  circuits.  powerline  carrier,  microwave  radio,  fiber  optic  cables  as  well  as  dedicated  wired  remote  control  circuits  have  all  been  applied  to  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  for  substations.  the  development  of  the  microprocessor  made  for  an  exponential  increase  in  the  number  of  points  that  could  be  economically  controlled  and  monitored.  today,  standardized
__label__energymonitoringmanagement communication  protocols  such  as  dnp3,  iec  61850  and  modbus,  to  list  a  few,  are  used  to  allow  multiple  intelligent  electronic  devices  to  communicate  with  each  other  and  supervisory  control  centers.  distributed  automatic  control  at  substations  is  one  element  of  the  socalled  smart  grid.  insulation  switches,  circuit  breakers,  transformers  and  other  apparatus  may  be  interconnected  by  airinsulated  bare  conductors  strung  on  support  structures.  the  air  space  required  increases  with  system  voltage  and  with  the  lightning  surge  voltage  rating.  for  mediumvoltage  distribution  substations,  metalenclosed  switch  gear  may  be  used  and  no  live  conductors  exposed  at  all.  for  higher  voltages,  gasinsulated  switch  gear
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reduces  the  space  required  around  live  bus.  instead  of  bare  conductors,  bus  and  apparatus  are  built  into  pressurized  tubular  containers  filled  with  sulfur  hexafluoride  sf6  gas.  this  gas  has  a  higher  insulating  value  than  air,  allowing  the  dimensions  of  the  apparatus  to  be  reduced.  in  addition  to  air  or  sf6  gas,  apparatus  will  use  other  insulation  materials  such  as  transformer  oil,  paper,  porcelain,  and  polymer  insulators.  structure  outdoor,  aboveground  substation  structures  include  wood  pole,  lattice  metal  tower,  and  tubular  metal  structures,  although  other  variants  are  available.  where  space  is  plentiful  and  appearance  of  the  station  is  not  a  factor,  steel
__label__energymonitoringmanagement lattice  towers  provide  lowcost  supports  for  transmission  lines  and  apparatus.  lowprofile  substations  may  be  specified  in  suburban  areas  where  appearance  is  more  critical.  indoor  substations  may  be  gasinsulated  switchgear  at  high  voltages,  or  metalenclosed  or  metalclad  switchgear  at  lower  voltages.  urban  and  suburban  indoor  substations  may  be  finished  on  the  outside  so  as  to  blend  in  with  other  buildings  in  the  area.a  compact  substation  is  generally  an  outdoor  substation  built  in  a  metal  enclosure,  in  which  each  item  of  the  electrical  equipment  is  located  very  near  to  each  other  to  create  a  relatively  smaller  footprint  size  of  the  substation.  see
__label__energymonitoringmanagement also  powerline  communicationhvdc  converter  stationtraction  substationlist  of  ehvsubstations  in  austrialist  of  ehvsubstations  in  germanylist  of  ehvsubstations  in  switzerlandhighvoltage  transformer  fire  barriers  references  and  further  reading  r.  m.  s.  de  oliveira  and  c.  l.  s.  s.  sobrinho  2009.  computational  environment  for  simulating  lightning  strokes  in  a  power  substation  by  finitedifference  timedomain  method.  ieee  transactions  on  electromagnetic  compatibility.  51  4:  9951000.  doi:10.1109/temc.2009.2028879.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  smart  grid  is  an  electrical  grid  which  includes  a  variety  of  operation  and  energy  measures  including  smart  meters,  smart  appliances,  renewable  energy  resources,  and  energy  efficient  resources.  electronic  power  conditioning  and  control  of  the  production  and  distribution  of  electricity  are  important  aspects  of  the  smart  grid.smart  grid  policy  is  organized  in  europe  as  smart  grid  european  technology  platform.  policy  in  the  united  states  is  described  in  42  u.s.c.  ch.  152,  subch.  ix  17381.rollout  of  smart  grid  technology  also  implies  a  fundamental  reengineering  of  the  electricity  services  industry,  although  typical  usage  of  the  term  is  focused  on  the  technical  infrastructure.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement background  historical  development  of  the  electricity  grid  the  first  alternating  current  power  grid  system  was  installed  in  1886  in  great  barrington,  massachusetts.  at  that  time,  the  grid  was  a  centralized  unidirectional  system  of  electric  power  transmission,  electricity  distribution,  and  demanddriven  control.in  the  20th  century  local  grids  grew  over  time,  and  were  eventually  interconnected  for  economic  and  reliability  reasons.  by  the  1960s,  the  electric  grids  of  developed  countries  had  become  very  large,  mature  and  highly  interconnected,  with  thousands  of  central  generation  power  stations  delivering  power  to  major  load  centres  via  high  capacity  power  lines  which  were  then  branched  and  divided  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement provide  power  to  smaller  industrial  and  domestic  users  over  the  entire  supply  area.  the  topology  of  the  1960s  grid  was  a  result  of  the  strong  economies  of  scale:  large  coal,  gas  and  oilfired  power  stations  in  the  1  gw  1000  mw  to  3  gw  scale  are  still  found  to  be  costeffective,  due  to  efficiencyboosting  features  that  can  be  cost  effective  only  when  the  stations  become  very  large.power  stations  were  located  strategically  to  be  close  to  fossil  fuel  reserves  either  the  mines  or  wells  themselves,  or  else  close  to  rail,  road  or  port  supply  lines.  siting  of  hydroelectric  dams  in  mountain
__label__energymonitoringmanagement areas  also  strongly  influenced  the  structure  of  the  emerging  grid.  nuclear  power  plants  were  sited  for  availability  of  cooling  water.  finally,  fossil  fuelfired  power  stations  were  initially  very  polluting  and  were  sited  as  far  as  economically  possible  from  population  centres  once  electricity  distribution  networks  permitted  it.  by  the  late  1960s,  the  electricity  grid  reached  the  overwhelming  majority  of  the  population  of  developed  countries,  with  only  outlying  regional  areas  remaining  offgrid.metering  of  electricity  consumption  was  necessary  on  a  peruser  basis  in  order  to  allow  appropriate  billing  according  to  the  highly  variable  level  of  consumption  of  different  users.  because  of  limited  data
__label__energymonitoringmanagement collection  and  processing  capability  during  the  period  of  growth  of  the  grid,  fixedtariff  arrangements  were  commonly  put  in  place,  as  well  as  dualtariff  arrangements  where  nighttime  power  was  charged  at  a  lower  rate  than  daytime  power.  the  motivation  for  dualtariff  arrangements  was  the  lower  nighttime  demand.  dual  tariffs  made  possible  the  use  of  lowcost  nighttime  electrical  power  in  applications  such  as  the  maintaining  of  heat  banks  which  served  to  smooth  out  the  daily  demand,  and  reduce  the  number  of  turbines  that  needed  to  be  turned  off  overnight,  thereby  improving  the  utilisation  and  profitability  of  the  generation  and  transmission  facilities.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement metering  capabilities  of  the  1960s  grid  meant  technological  limitations  on  the  degree  to  which  price  signals  could  be  propagated  through  the  system.from  1970s  to  the  1990s,  growing  demand  led  to  increasing  numbers  of  power  stations.  in  some  areas,  supply  of  electricity,  especially  at  peak  times,  could  not  keep  up  with  this  demand,  resulting  in  poor  power  quality  including  blackouts,  power  cuts,  and  brownouts.  increasingly,  electricity  was  depended  on  for  industry,  heating,  communication,  lighting,  and  entertainment,  and  consumers  demanded  ever  higher  levels  of  reliability.towards  the  end  of  the  20th  century,  electricity  demand  patterns  were  established:  domestic  heating  and  airconditioning  led  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement daily  peaks  in  demand  that  were  met  by  an  array  of  peaking  power  generators  that  would  only  be  turned  on  for  short  periods  each  day.  the  relatively  low  utilisation  of  these  peaking  generators  commonly,  gas  turbines  were  used  due  to  their  relatively  lower  capital  cost  and  faster  startup  times,  together  with  the  necessary  redundancy  in  the  electricity  grid,  resulted  in  high  costs  to  the  electricity  companies,  which  were  passed  on  in  the  form  of  increased  tariffs.in  the  21st  century,  some  developing  countries  like  china,  india,  and  brazil  were  seen  as  pioneers  of  smart  grid  deployment.  modernization  opportunities  since  the  early
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 21st  century,  opportunities  to  take  advantage  of  improvements  in  electronic  communication  technology  to  resolve  the  limitations  and  costs  of  the  electrical  grid  have  become  apparent.  technological  limitations  on  metering  no  longer  force  peak  power  prices  to  be  averaged  out  and  passed  on  to  all  consumers  equally.  in  parallel,  growing  concerns  over  environmental  damage  from  fossilfired  power  stations  has  led  to  a  desire  to  use  large  amounts  of  renewable  energy.  dominant  forms  such  as  wind  power  and  solar  power  are  highly  variable,  and  so  the  need  for  more  sophisticated  control  systems  became  apparent,  to  facilitate  the  connection  of  sources  to  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement otherwise  highly  controllable  grid.  power  from  photovoltaic  cells  and  to  a  lesser  extent  wind  turbines  has  also,  significantly,  called  into  question  the  imperative  for  large,  centralised  power  stations.  the  rapidly  falling  costs  point  to  a  major  change  from  the  centralised  grid  topology  to  one  that  is  highly  distributed,  with  power  being  both  generated  and  consumed  right  at  the  limits  of  the  grid.  finally,  growing  concern  over  terrorist  attack  in  some  countries  has  led  to  calls  for  a  more  robust  energy  grid  that  is  less  dependent  on  centralised  power  stations  that  were  perceived  to  be  potential  attack  targets.  definition  of  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid  the  first  official  definition  of  smart  grid  was  provided  by  the  energy  independence  and  security  act  of  2007  eisa2007,  which  was  approved  by  the  us  congress  in  january  2007,  and  signed  to  law  by  president  george  w.  bush  in  december  2007.  title  xiii  of  this  bill  provides  a  description,  with  ten  characteristics,  that  can  be  considered  a  definition  for  smart  grid,  as  follows:it  is  the  policy  of  the  united  states  to  support  the  modernization  of  the  nations  electricity  transmission  and  distribution  system  to  maintain  a  reliable  and  secure  electricity  infrastructure  that  can  meet  future  demand  growth  and  to  achieve
__label__energymonitoringmanagement each  of  the  following,  which  together  characterize  a  smart  grid:  1  increased  use  of  digital  information  and  controls  technology  to  improve  reliability,  security,  and  efficiency  of  the  electric  grid.  2  dynamic  optimization  of  grid  operations  and  resources,  with  full  cybersecurity.  3  deployment  and  integration  of  distributed  resources  and  generation,  including  renewable  resources.  4  development  and  incorporation  of  demand  response,  demandside  resources,  and  energyefficiency  resources.  5  deployment  of  smart  technologies  realtime,  automated,  interactive  technologies  that  optimize  the  physical  operation  of  appliances  and  consumer  devices  for  metering,  communications  concerning  grid  operations  and  status,  and  distribution  automation.  6  integration  of  smart  appliances  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement consumer  devices.  7  deployment  and  integration  of  advanced  electricity  storage  and  peakshaving  technologies,  including  plugin  electric  and  hybrid  electric  vehicles,  and  thermal  storage  air  conditioning.  8  provision  to  consumers  of  timely  information  and  control  options.  9  development  of  standards  for  communication  and  interoperability  of  appliances  and  equipment  connected  to  the  electric  grid,  including  the  infrastructure  serving  the  grid.  10  identification  and  lowering  of  unreasonable  or  unnecessary  barriers  to  adoption  of  smart  grid  technologies,  practices,  and  services.the  european  union  commission  task  force  for  smart  grids  also  provides  smart  grid  definition  as:a  smart  grid  is  an  electricity  network  that  can  cost  efficiently
__label__energymonitoringmanagement integrate  the  behaviour  and  actions  of  all  users  connected  to  it  generators,  consumers  and  those  that  do  both  in  order  to  ensure  economically  efficient,  sustainable  power  system  with  low  losses  and  high  levels  of  quality  and  security  of  supply  and  safety.  a  smart  grid  employs  innovative  products  and  services  together  with  intelligent  monitoring,  control,  communication,  and  selfhealing  technologies  in  order  to:  better  facilitate  the  connection  and  operation  of  generators  of  all  sizes  and  technologies.  allow  consumers  to  play  a  part  in  optimising  the  operation  of  the  system.  provide  consumers  with  greater  information  and  options  for  how  they  use  their  supply.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement significantly  reduce  the  environmental  impact  of  the  whole  electricity  supply  system.  maintain  or  even  improve  the  existing  high  levels  of  system  reliability,  quality  and  security  of  supply.  maintain  and  improve  the  existing  services  efficiently.a  common  element  to  most  definitions  is  the  application  of  digital  processing  and  communications  to  the  power  grid,  making  data  flow  and  information  management  central  to  the  smart  grid.  various  capabilities  result  from  the  deeply  integrated  use  of  digital  technology  with  power  grids.  integration  of  the  new  grid  information  is  one  of  the  key  issues  in  the  design  of  smart  grids.  electric  utilities  now  find  themselves  making
__label__energymonitoringmanagement three  classes  of  transformations:  improvement  of  infrastructure,  called  the  strong  grid  in  china;  addition  of  the  digital  layer,  which  is  the  essence  of  the  smart  grid;  and  business  process  transformation,  necessary  to  capitalize  on  the  investments  in  smart  technology.  much  of  the  work  that  has  been  going  on  in  electric  grid  modernization,  especially  substation  and  distribution  automation,  is  now  included  in  the  general  concept  of  the  smart  grid.  early  technological  innovations  smart  grid  technologies  emerged  from  earlier  attempts  at  using  electronic  control,  metering,  and  monitoring.  in  the  1980s,  automatic  meter  reading  was  used  for  monitoring  loads  from  large  customers,  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement evolved  into  the  advanced  metering  infrastructure  of  the  1990s,  whose  meters  could  store  how  electricity  was  used  at  different  times  of  the  day.  smart  meters  add  continuous  communications  so  that  monitoring  can  be  done  in  real  time,  and  can  be  used  as  a  gateway  to  demand  responseaware  devices  and  smart  sockets  in  the  home.  early  forms  of  such  demand  side  management  technologies  were  dynamic  demand  aware  devices  that  passively  sensed  the  load  on  the  grid  by  monitoring  changes  in  the  power  supply  frequency.  devices  such  as  industrial  and  domestic  air  conditioners,  refrigerators  and  heaters  adjusted  their  duty  cycle  to  avoid
__label__energymonitoringmanagement activation  during  times  the  grid  was  suffering  a  peak  condition.  beginning  in  2000,  italys  telegestore  project  was  the  first  to  network  large  numbers  27  million  of  homes  using  smart  meters  connected  via  low  bandwidth  power  line  communication.  some  experiments  used  the  term  broadband  over  power  lines  bpl,  while  others  used  wireless  technologies  such  as  mesh  networking  promoted  for  more  reliable  connections  to  disparate  devices  in  the  home  as  well  as  supporting  metering  of  other  utilities  such  as  gas  and  water.monitoring  and  synchronization  of  wide  area  networks  were  revolutionized  in  the  early  1990s  when  the  bonneville  power  administration  expanded  its  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid  research  with  prototype  sensors  that  are  capable  of  very  rapid  analysis  of  anomalies  in  electricity  quality  over  very  large  geographic  areas.  the  culmination  of  this  work  was  the  first  operational  wide  area  measurement  system  wams  in  2000.  other  countries  are  rapidly  integrating  this  technology  china  started  having  a  comprehensive  national  wams  when  the  past  5year  economic  plan  completed  in  2012.the  earliest  deployments  of  smart  grids  include  the  italian  system  telegestore  2005,  the  mesh  network  of  austin,  texas  since  2003,  and  the  smart  grid  in  boulder,  colorado  2008.  see  deployments  and  attempted  deployments  below.  features  of  the  smart  grid  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement smart  grid  represents  the  full  suite  of  current  and  proposed  responses  to  the  challenges  of  electricity  supply.  because  of  the  diverse  range  of  factors  there  are  numerous  competing  taxonomies  and  no  agreement  on  a  universal  definition.  nevertheless,  one  possible  categorization  is  given  here.  reliability  the  smart  grid  makes  use  of  technologies  such  as  state  estimation,  that  improve  fault  detection  and  allow  selfhealing  of  the  network  without  the  intervention  of  technicians.  this  will  ensure  more  reliable  supply  of  electricity,  and  reduced  vulnerability  to  natural  disasters  or  attack.although  multiple  routes  are  touted  as  a  feature  of  the  smart  grid,  the  old  grid
__label__energymonitoringmanagement also  featured  multiple  routes.  initial  power  lines  in  the  grid  were  built  using  a  radial  model,  later  connectivity  was  guaranteed  via  multiple  routes,  referred  to  as  a  network  structure.  however,  this  created  a  new  problem:  if  the  current  flow  or  related  effects  across  the  network  exceed  the  limits  of  any  particular  network  element,  it  could  fail,  and  the  current  would  be  shunted  to  other  network  elements,  which  eventually  may  fail  also,  causing  a  domino  effect.  see  power  outage.  a  technique  to  prevent  this  is  load  shedding  by  rolling  blackout  or  voltage  reduction  brownout.  flexibility  in  network  topology  nextgeneration  transmission  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement distribution  infrastructure  will  be  better  able  to  handle  possible  bidirectional  energy  flows,  allowing  for  distributed  generation  such  as  from  photovoltaic  panels  on  building  roofs,  but  also  charging  to/from  the  batteries  of  electric  cars,  wind  turbines,  pumped  hydroelectric  power,  the  use  of  fuel  cells,  and  other  sources.classic  grids  were  designed  for  oneway  flow  of  electricity,  but  if  a  local  subnetwork  generates  more  power  than  it  is  consuming,  the  reverse  flow  can  raise  safety  and  reliability  issues.  a  smart  grid  aims  to  manage  these  situations.  efficiency  numerous  contributions  to  overall  improvement  of  the  efficiency  of  energy  infrastructure  are  anticipated  from  the  deployment
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  smart  grid  technology,  in  particular  including  demandside  management,  for  example  turning  off  air  conditioners  during  shortterm  spikes  in  electricity  price,  reducing  the  voltage  when  possible  on  distribution  lines  through  voltage/var  optimization  vvo,  eliminating  truckrolls  for  meter  reading,  and  reducing  truckrolls  by  improved  outage  management  using  data  from  advanced  metering  infrastructure  systems.  the  overall  effect  is  less  redundancy  in  transmission  and  distribution  lines,  and  greater  utilization  of  generators,  leading  to  lower  power  prices.  load  adjustment/load  balancing  the  total  load  connected  to  the  power  grid  can  vary  significantly  over  time.  although  the  total  load  is  the  sum  of  many  individual  choices
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  the  clients,  the  overall  load  is  not  necessarily  stable  or  slow  varying.  for  example,  if  a  popular  television  program  starts,  millions  of  televisions  will  start  to  draw  current  instantly.  traditionally,  to  respond  to  a  rapid  increase  in  power  consumption,  faster  than  the  startup  time  of  a  large  generator,  some  spare  generators  are  put  on  a  dissipative  standby  mode.  a  smart  grid  may  warn  all  individual  television  sets,  or  another  larger  customer,  to  reduce  the  load  temporarily  to  allow  time  to  start  up  a  larger  generator  or  continuously  in  the  case  of  limited  resources.  using  mathematical  prediction  algorithms  it  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement possible  to  predict  how  many  standby  generators  need  to  be  used,  to  reach  a  certain  failure  rate.  in  the  traditional  grid,  the  failure  rate  can  only  be  reduced  at  the  cost  of  more  standby  generators.  in  a  smart  grid,  the  load  reduction  by  even  a  small  portion  of  the  clients  may  eliminate  the  problem.while  traditionally  load  balancing  strategies  have  been  designed  to  change  consumers  consumption  patterns  to  make  demand  more  uniform,  developments  in  energy  storage  and  individual  renewable  energy  generation  have  provided  opportunities  to  devise  balanced  power  grids  without  affecting  consumers  behavior.  typically,  storing  energy  during  offpeak  times  eases  high
__label__energymonitoringmanagement demand  supply  during  peak  hours.  dynamic  gametheoretic  frameworks  have  proved  particularly  efficient  at  storage  scheduling  by  optimizing  energy  cost  using  their  nash  equilibrium.  peak  curtailment/leveling  and  time  of  use  pricing  to  reduce  demand  during  the  high  cost  peak  usage  periods,  communications  and  metering  technologies  inform  smart  devices  in  the  home  and  business  when  energy  demand  is  high  and  track  how  much  electricity  is  used  and  when  it  is  used.  it  also  gives  utility  companies  the  ability  to  reduce  consumption  by  communicating  to  devices  directly  in  order  to  prevent  system  overloads.  examples  would  be  a  utility  reducing  the  usage  of  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement group  of  electric  vehicle  charging  stations  or  shifting  temperature  set  points  of  air  conditioners  in  a  city.  to  motivate  them  to  cut  back  use  and  perform  what  is  called  peak  curtailment  or  peak  leveling,  prices  of  electricity  are  increased  during  high  demand  periods,  and  decreased  during  low  demand  periods.  it  is  thought  that  consumers  and  businesses  will  tend  to  consume  less  during  high  demand  periods  if  it  is  possible  for  consumers  and  consumer  devices  to  be  aware  of  the  high  price  premium  for  using  electricity  at  peak  periods.  this  could  mean  making  tradeoffs  such  as  cycling  on/off  air  conditioners  or
__label__energymonitoringmanagement running  dishwashers  at  9  pm  instead  of  5  pm.  when  businesses  and  consumers  see  a  direct  economic  benefit  of  using  energy  at  offpeak  times,  the  theory  is  that  they  will  include  energy  cost  of  operation  into  their  consumer  device  and  building  construction  decisions  and  hence  become  more  energy  efficient.  see  time  of  day  metering  and  demand  response.  sustainability  the  improved  flexibility  of  the  smart  grid  permits  greater  penetration  of  highly  variable  renewable  energy  sources  such  as  solar  power  and  wind  power,  even  without  the  addition  of  energy  storage.  current  network  infrastructure  is  not  built  to  allow  for  many  distributed  feedin
__label__energymonitoringmanagement points,  and  typically  even  if  some  feedin  is  allowed  at  the  local  distribution  level,  the  transmissionlevel  infrastructure  cannot  accommodate  it.  rapid  fluctuations  in  distributed  generation,  such  as  due  to  cloudy  or  gusty  weather,  present  significant  challenges  to  power  engineers  who  need  to  ensure  stable  power  levels  through  varying  the  output  of  the  more  controllable  generators  such  as  gas  turbines  and  hydroelectric  generators.  smart  grid  technology  is  a  necessary  condition  for  very  large  amounts  of  renewable  electricity  on  the  grid  for  this  reason.  marketenabling  the  smart  grid  allows  for  systematic  communication  between  suppliers  their  energy  price  and  consumers  their  willingnesstopay,  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement permits  both  the  suppliers  and  the  consumers  to  be  more  flexible  and  sophisticated  in  their  operational  strategies.  only  the  critical  loads  will  need  to  pay  the  peak  energy  prices,  and  consumers  will  be  able  to  be  more  strategic  in  when  they  use  energy.  generators  with  greater  flexibility  will  be  able  to  sell  energy  strategically  for  maximum  profit,  whereas  inflexible  generators  such  as  baseload  steam  turbines  and  wind  turbines  will  receive  a  varying  tariff  based  on  the  level  of  demand  and  the  status  of  the  other  generators  currently  operating.  the  overall  effect  is  a  signal  that  awards  energy  efficiency,  and  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement consumption  that  is  sensitive  to  the  timevarying  limitations  of  the  supply.  at  the  domestic  level,  appliances  with  a  degree  of  energy  storage  or  thermal  mass  such  as  refrigerators,  heat  banks,  and  heat  pumps  will  be  well  placed  to  play  the  market  and  seek  to  minimise  energy  cost  by  adapting  demand  to  the  lowercost  energy  support  periods.  this  is  an  extension  of  the  dualtariff  energy  pricing  mentioned  above.  demand  response  support  demand  response  support  allows  generators  and  loads  to  interact  in  an  automated  fashion  in  real  time,  coordinating  demand  to  flatten  spikes.  eliminating  the  fraction  of  demand  that  occurs  in  these
__label__energymonitoringmanagement spikes  eliminates  the  cost  of  adding  reserve  generators,  cuts  wear  and  tear  and  extends  the  life  of  equipment,  and  allows  users  to  cut  their  energy  bills  by  telling  low  priority  devices  to  use  energy  only  when  it  is  cheapest.currently,  power  grid  systems  have  varying  degrees  of  communication  within  control  systems  for  their  highvalue  assets,  such  as  in  generating  plants,  transmission  lines,  substations  and  major  energy  users.  in  general  information  flows  one  way,  from  the  users  and  the  loads  they  control  back  to  the  utilities.  the  utilities  attempt  to  meet  the  demand  and  succeed  or  fail  to  varying  degrees  brownouts,  rolling
__label__energymonitoringmanagement blackout,  uncontrolled  blackout.  the  total  amount  of  power  demand  by  the  users  can  have  a  very  wide  probability  distribution  which  requires  spare  generating  plants  in  standby  mode  to  respond  to  the  rapidly  changing  power  usage.  this  oneway  flow  of  information  is  expensive;  the  last  10  of  generating  capacity  may  be  required  as  little  as  1  of  the  time,  and  brownouts  and  outages  can  be  costly  to  consumers.demand  response  can  be  provided  by  commercial,  residential  loads,  and  industrial  loads.  for  example,  alcoas  warrick  operation  is  participating  in  miso  as  a  qualified  demand  response  resource,  and  the  trimet  aluminium  uses  its  smelter
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  a  shortterm  megabattery.latency  of  the  data  flow  is  a  major  concern,  with  some  early  smart  meter  architectures  allowing  actually  as  long  as  24  hours  delay  in  receiving  the  data,  preventing  any  possible  reaction  by  either  supplying  or  demanding  devices.  platform  for  advanced  services  as  with  other  industries,  use  of  robust  twoway  communications,  advanced  sensors,  and  distributed  computing  technology  will  improve  the  efficiency,  reliability  and  safety  of  power  delivery  and  use.  it  also  opens  up  the  potential  for  entirely  new  services  or  improvements  on  existing  ones,  such  as  fire  monitoring  and  alarms  that  can  shut  off  power,  make  phone  calls
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  emergency  services,  etc.  provision  megabits,  control  power  with  kilobits,  sell  the  rest  the  amount  of  data  required  to  perform  monitoring  and  switching  ones  appliances  off  automatically  is  very  small  compared  with  that  already  reaching  even  remote  homes  to  support  voice,  security,  internet  and  tv  services.  many  smart  grid  bandwidth  upgrades  are  paid  for  by  overprovisioning  to  also  support  consumer  services,  and  subsidizing  the  communications  with  energyrelated  services  or  subsidizing  the  energyrelated  services,  such  as  higher  rates  during  peak  hours,  with  communications.  this  is  particularly  true  where  governments  run  both  sets  of  services  as  a  public  monopoly.  because  power  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement communications  companies  are  generally  separate  commercial  enterprises  in  north  america  and  europe,  it  has  required  considerable  government  and  largevendor  effort  to  encourage  various  enterprises  to  cooperate.  some,  like  cisco,  see  opportunity  in  providing  devices  to  consumers  very  similar  to  those  they  have  long  been  providing  to  industry.  others,  such  as  silver  spring  networks  or  google,  are  data  integrators  rather  than  vendors  of  equipment.  while  the  ac  power  control  standards  suggest  powerline  networking  would  be  the  primary  means  of  communication  among  smart  grid  and  home  devices,  the  bits  may  not  reach  the  home  via  broadband  over  power  lines  bpl  initially  but
__label__energymonitoringmanagement by  fixed  wireless.  technology  the  bulk  of  smart  grid  technologies  are  already  used  in  other  applications  such  as  manufacturing  and  telecommunications  and  are  being  adapted  for  use  in  grid  operations.integrated  communications:  areas  for  improvement  include:  substation  automation,  demand  response,  distribution  automation,  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada,  energy  management  systems,  wireless  mesh  networks  and  other  technologies,  powerline  carrier  communications,  and  fiberoptics.  integrated  communications  will  allow  for  realtime  control,  information  and  data  exchange  to  optimize  system  reliability,  asset  utilization,  and  security.sensing  and  measurement:  core  duties  are  evaluating  congestion  and  grid  stability,  monitoring  equipment  health,  energy  theft  prevention,  and  control  strategies  support.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement technologies  include:  advanced  microprocessor  meters  smart  meter  and  meter  reading  equipment,  widearea  monitoring  systems,  typically  based  on  online  readings  by  distributed  temperature  sensing  combined  with  real  time  thermal  rating  rttr  systems,  electromagnetic  signature  measurement/analysis,  timeofuse  and  realtime  pricing  tools,  advanced  switches  and  cables,  backscatter  radio  technology,  and  digital  protective  relays.smart  meters.phasor  measurement  units.  many  in  the  power  systems  engineering  community  believe  that  the  northeast  blackout  of  2003  could  have  been  contained  to  a  much  smaller  area  if  a  wide  area  phasor  measurement  network  had  been  in  place.distributed  power  flow  control:  power  flow  control  devices  clamp  onto  existing  transmission  lines  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement control  the  flow  of  power  within.  transmission  lines  enabled  with  such  devices  support  greater  use  of  renewable  energy  by  providing  more  consistent,  realtime  control  over  how  that  energy  is  routed  within  the  grid.  this  technology  enables  the  grid  to  more  effectively  store  intermittent  energy  from  renewables  for  later  use.smart  power  generation  using  advanced  components:  smart  power  generation  is  a  concept  of  matching  electricity  generation  with  demand  using  multiple  identical  generators  which  can  start,  stop  and  operate  efficiently  at  chosen  load,  independently  of  the  others,  making  them  suitable  for  base  load  and  peaking  power  generation.  matching  supply  and  demand,  called  load
__label__energymonitoringmanagement balancing,  is  essential  for  a  stable  and  reliable  supply  of  electricity.  shortterm  deviations  in  the  balance  lead  to  frequency  variations  and  a  prolonged  mismatch  results  in  blackouts.  operators  of  power  transmission  systems  are  charged  with  the  balancing  task,  matching  the  power  output  of  all  the  generators  to  the  load  of  their  electrical  grid.  the  load  balancing  task  has  become  much  more  challenging  as  increasingly  intermittent  and  variable  generators  such  as  wind  turbines  and  solar  cells  are  added  to  the  grid,  forcing  other  producers  to  adapt  their  output  much  more  frequently  than  has  been  required  in  the  past.  first  two  dynamic
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid  stability  power  plants  utilizing  the  concept  has  been  ordered  by  elering  and  will  be  built  by  wrtsil  in  kiisa,  estonia  kiisa  power  plant.  their  purpose  is  to  provide  dynamic  generation  capacity  to  meet  sudden  and  unexpected  drops  in  the  electricity  supply.  they  are  scheduled  to  be  ready  during  2013  and  2014,  and  their  total  output  will  be  250  mw.power  system  automation  enables  rapid  diagnosis  of  and  precise  solutions  to  specific  grid  disruptions  or  outages.  these  technologies  rely  on  and  contribute  to  each  of  the  other  four  key  areas.  three  technology  categories  for  advanced  control  methods  are:  distributed  intelligent  agents
__label__energymonitoringmanagement control  systems,  analytical  tools  software  algorithms  and  highspeed  computers,  and  operational  applications  scada,  substation  automation,  demand  response,  etc..  using  artificial  intelligence  programming  techniques,  fujian  power  grid  in  china  created  a  wide  area  protection  system  that  is  rapidly  able  to  accurately  calculate  a  control  strategy  and  execute  it.  the  voltage  stability  monitoring  control  vsmc  software  uses  a  sensitivitybased  successive  linear  programming  method  to  reliably  determine  the  optimal  control  solution.  it  companies  disrupting  the  energy  market  smart  grid  provides  itbased  solutions  which  the  traditional  power  grid  is  lacking.  these  new  solutions  pave  the  way  of  new  entrants  that  were  traditionally  not  related
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  the  energy  grid.  technology  companies  are  disrupting  the  traditional  energy  market  players  in  several  ways.  they  develop  complex  distribution  systems  to  meet  the  more  decentralized  power  generation  due  to  microgrids.  additionally  is  the  increase  in  data  collection  bringing  many  new  possibilities  for  technology  companies  as  deploying  transmission  grid  sensors  at  a  user  level  and  balancing  system  reserves.  the  technology  in  microgrids  makes  energy  consumption  cheaper  for  households  than  buying  from  utilities.  additionally,  residents  can  manage  their  energy  consumption  easier  and  more  effectively  with  the  connection  to  smart  meters.  however,  the  performances  and  reliability  of  microgrids  strongly  depend  on  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement continuous  interaction  between  power  generation,  storage  and  load  requirements.  a  hybrid  offering  combining  renewable  energy  sources  with  storing  energy  sources  as  coal  and  gas  is  showing  the  hybrid  offering  of  a  microgrid  serving  alone.  consequences  as  a  consequence  of  the  entrance  of  the  technology  companies  in  the  energy  market,  utilities  and  dsos  need  to  create  new  business  models  to  keep  current  customers  and  to  create  new  customers.  focus  on  a  customer  engagement  strategy  dsos  can  focus  on  creating  good  customer  engagement  strategies  to  create  loyalty  and  trust  towards  the  customer.  to  retain  and  attract  customers  who  decide  to  produce  their
__label__energymonitoringmanagement own  energy  through  microgrids,  dsos  can  offer  purchase  agreements  for  the  sale  of  surplus  energy  that  the  consumer  produces.  indifference  from  the  it  companies,  both  dsos  and  utilities  can  use  their  market  experience  to  give  consumers  energyuse  advice  and  efficiency  upgrades  to  create  excellent  customer  service.  create  alliances  with  new  entered  technology  companies  instead  of  trying  to  compete  against  it  companies  in  their  expertise,  both  utilities  and  dsos  can  try  to  create  alliances  with  it  companies  to  create  good  solutions  together.  the  french  utility  company  engie  did  this  by  buying  the  service  provider  ecova  and  opterra  energy  services.  renewable  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sources  the  generation  of  renewable  energy  can  often  be  connected  at  the  distribution  level,  instead  of  the  transmission  grids,  which  means  that  dsos  can  manage  the  flows  and  distribute  power  locally.  this  brings  new  opportunity  for  dsos  to  expand  their  market  by  selling  energy  directly  to  the  consumer.  simultaneously,  this  is  challenging  the  utilities  producing  fossil  fuels  who  already  are  trapped  by  high  costs  of  aging  assets.  stricter  regulations  for  producing  traditional  energy  resources  from  the  government  increases  the  difficulty  of  stay  in  business  and  increases  the  pressure  on  traditional  energy  companies  to  make  the  shift  to  renewable  energy  sources.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement an  example  of  a  utility  changing  business  model  to  produce  more  renewable  energy  is  the  norwegianbased  company,  equinor,  which  was  a  stateowned  oil  company  which  now  are  heavily  investing  in  renewable  energy.  research  major  programs  intelligrid  created  by  the  electric  power  research  institute  epri,  intelligrid  architecture  provides  methodology,  tools,  and  recommendations  for  standards  and  technologies  for  utility  use  in  planning,  specifying,  and  procuring  itbased  systems,  such  as  advanced  metering,  distribution  automation,  and  demand  response.  the  architecture  also  provides  a  living  laboratory  for  assessing  devices,  systems,  and  technology.  several  utilities  have  applied  intelligrid  architecture  including  southern  california  edison,  long  island  power
__label__energymonitoringmanagement authority,  salt  river  project,  and  txu  electric  delivery.  the  intelligrid  consortium  is  a  public/private  partnership  that  integrates  and  optimizes  global  research  efforts,  funds  technology  rd,  works  to  integrate  technologies,  and  disseminates  technical  information.grid  2030  grid  2030  is  a  joint  vision  statement  for  the  u.s.  electrical  system  developed  by  the  electric  utility  industry,  equipment  manufacturers,  information  technology  providers,  federal  and  state  government  agencies,  interest  groups,  universities,  and  national  laboratories.  it  covers  generation,  transmission,  distribution,  storage,  and  enduse.  the  national  electric  delivery  technologies  roadmap  is  the  implementation  document  for  the  grid  2030  vision.  the  roadmap  outlines  the  key  issues  and  challenges  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement modernizing  the  grid  and  suggests  paths  that  government  and  industry  can  take  to  build  americas  future  electric  delivery  system.modern  grid  initiative  mgi  is  a  collaborative  effort  between  the  u.s.  department  of  energy  doe,  the  national  energy  technology  laboratory  netl,  utilities,  consumers,  researchers,  and  other  grid  stakeholders  to  modernize  and  integrate  the  u.s.  electrical  grid.  does  office  of  electricity  delivery  and  energy  reliability  oe  sponsors  the  initiative,  which  builds  upon  grid  2030  and  the  national  electricity  delivery  technologies  roadmap  and  is  aligned  with  other  programs  such  as  gridwise  and  gridworks.gridwise  a  doe  oe  program  focused  on  developing  information  technology  to  modernize
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  u.s.  electrical  grid.  working  with  the  gridwise  alliance,  the  program  invests  in  communications  architecture  and  standards;  simulation  and  analysis  tools;  smart  technologies;  test  beds  and  demonstration  projects;  and  new  regulatory,  institutional,  and  market  frameworks.  the  gridwise  alliance  is  a  consortium  of  public  and  private  electricity  sector  stakeholders,  providing  a  forum  for  idea  exchanges,  cooperative  efforts,  and  meetings  with  policy  makers  at  federal  and  state  levels.gridwise  architecture  council  gwac  was  formed  by  the  u.s.  department  of  energy  to  promote  and  enable  interoperability  among  the  many  entities  that  interact  with  the  nations  electric  power  system.  the  gwac  members  are  a  balanced
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  respected  team  representing  the  many  constituencies  of  the  electricity  supply  chain  and  users.  the  gwac  provides  industry  guidance  and  tools  to  articulate  the  goal  of  interoperability  across  the  electric  system,  identify  the  concepts  and  architectures  needed  to  make  interoperability  possible,  and  develop  actionable  steps  to  facilitate  the  inter  operation  of  the  systems,  devices,  and  institutions  that  encompass  the  nations  electric  system.  the  gridwise  architecture  council  interoperability  context  setting  framework,  v  1.1  defines  necessary  guidelines  and  principles.gridworks  a  doe  oe  program  focused  on  improving  the  reliability  of  the  electric  system  through  modernizing  key  grid  components  such  as  cables  and  conductors,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement substations  and  protective  systems,  and  power  electronics.  the  programs  focus  includes  coordinating  efforts  on  high  temperature  superconducting  systems,  transmission  reliability  technologies,  electric  distribution  technologies,  energy  storage  devices,  and  gridwise  systems.pacific  northwest  smart  grid  demonstration  project.  this  project  is  a  demonstration  across  five  pacific  northwest  statesidaho,  montana,  oregon,  washington,  and  wyoming.  it  involves  about  60,000  metered  customers,  and  contains  many  key  functions  of  the  future  smart  grid.solar  cities  in  australia,  the  solar  cities  programme  included  close  collaboration  with  energy  companies  to  trial  smart  meters,  peak  and  offpeak  pricing,  remote  switching  and  related  efforts.  it  also  provided  some  limited  funding  for  grid
__label__energymonitoringmanagement upgrades.smart  grid  energy  research  center  smerc  located  at  university  of  california,  los  angeles  has  dedicated  its  efforts  to  largescale  testing  of  its  smart  ev  charging  network  technology  winsmartev.  it  created  another  platform  for  a  smart  grid  architecture  enabling  bidirectional  flow  of  information  between  a  utility  and  consumer  enddevices  winsmartgrid.  smerc  has  also  developed  a  demand  response  dr  test  bed  that  comprises  a  control  center,  demand  response  automation  server  dras,  homeareanetwork  han,  battery  energy  storage  system  bess,  and  photovoltaic  pv  panels.  these  technologies  are  installed  within  the  los  angeles  department  of  water  and  power  and  southern  california  edison  territory  as  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement network  of  ev  chargers,  battery  energy  storage  systems,  solar  panels,  dc  fast  charger,  and  vehicletogrid  v2g  units.  these  platforms,  communications  and  control  networks  enables  uclaled  projects  within  the  greater  los  angeles  to  be  researched,  advanced  and  tested  in  partnership  with  the  two  key  local  utilities,  sce  and  ladwp.  smart  grid  modelling  many  different  concepts  have  been  used  to  model  intelligent  power  grids.  they  are  generally  studied  within  the  framework  of  complex  systems.  in  a  recent  brainstorming  session,  the  power  grid  was  considered  within  the  context  of  optimal  control,  ecology,  human  cognition,  glassy  dynamics,  information  theory,  microphysics  of  clouds,  and  many
__label__energymonitoringmanagement others.  here  is  a  selection  of  the  types  of  analyses  that  have  appeared  in  recent  years.protection  systems  that  verify  and  supervise  themselvespelqim  spahiu  and  ian  r.  evans  in  their  study  introduced  the  concept  of  a  substation  based  smart  protection  and  hybrid  inspection  unit.kuramoto  oscillatorsthe  kuramoto  model  is  a  wellstudied  system.  the  power  grid  has  been  described  in  this  context  as  well.  the  goal  is  to  keep  the  system  in  balance,  or  to  maintain  phase  synchronization  also  known  as  phase  locking.  nonuniform  oscillators  also  help  to  model  different  technologies,  different  types  of  power  generators,  patterns  of  consumption,  and  so  on.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement model  has  also  been  used  to  describe  the  synchronization  patterns  in  the  blinking  of  fireflies.biosystemspower  grids  have  been  related  to  complex  biological  systems  in  many  other  contexts.  in  one  study,  power  grids  were  compared  to  the  dolphin  social  network.  these  creatures  streamline  or  intensify  communication  in  case  of  an  unusual  situation.  the  intercommunications  that  enable  them  to  survive  are  highly  complex.random  fuse  networksin  percolation  theory,  random  fuse  networks  have  been  studied.  the  current  density  might  be  too  low  in  some  areas,  and  too  strong  in  others.  the  analysis  can  therefore  be  used  to  smooth  out  potential  problems  in  the  network.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  instance,  highspeed  computer  analysis  can  predict  blown  fuses  and  correct  for  them,  or  analyze  patterns  that  might  lead  to  a  power  outage.  it  is  difficult  for  humans  to  predict  the  long  term  patterns  in  complex  networks,  so  fuse  or  diode  networks  are  used  instead.smart  grid  communication  networknetwork  simulators  are  used  to  simulate/emulate  network  communication  effects.  this  typically  involves  setting  up  a  lab  with  the  smart  grid  devices,  applications  etc.  with  the  virtual  network  being  provided  by  the  network  simulator.neural  networksneural  networks  have  been  considered  for  power  grid  management  as  well.  electric  power  systems  can  be  classified  in  multiple  different
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ways:  nonlinear,  dynamic,  discrete,  or  random.  artificial  neural  networks  anns  attempt  to  solve  the  most  difficult  of  these  problems,  the  nonlinear  problems.  demand  forecastingone  application  of  anns  is  in  demand  forecasting.  in  order  for  grids  to  operate  economically  and  reliably,  demand  forecasting  is  essential,  because  it  is  used  to  predict  the  amount  of  power  that  will  be  consumed  by  the  load.  this  is  dependent  on  weather  conditions,  type  of  day,  random  events,  incidents,  etc.  for  nonlinear  loads  though,  the  load  profile  isnt  smooth  and  as  predictable,  resulting  in  higher  uncertainty  and  less  accuracy  using  the  traditional  artificial  intelligence  models.  some
__label__energymonitoringmanagement factors  that  anns  consider  when  developing  these  sort  of  models:  classification  of  load  profiles  of  different  customer  classes  based  on  the  consumption  of  electricity,  increased  responsiveness  of  demand  to  predict  real  time  electricity  prices  as  compared  to  conventional  grids,  the  need  to  input  past  demand  as  different  components,  such  as  peak  load,  base  load,  valley  load,  average  load,  etc.  instead  of  joining  them  into  a  single  input,  and  lastly,  the  dependence  of  the  type  on  specific  input  variables.  an  example  of  the  last  case  would  be  given  the  type  of  day,  whether  its  weekday  or  weekend,  that  wouldnt  have  much
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  an  effect  on  hospital  grids,  but  itd  be  a  big  factor  in  resident  housing  grids  load  profile.markov  processesas  wind  power  continues  to  gain  popularity,  it  becomes  a  necessary  ingredient  in  realistic  power  grid  studies.  offline  storage,  wind  variability,  supply,  demand,  pricing,  and  other  factors  can  be  modelled  as  a  mathematical  game.  here  the  goal  is  to  develop  a  winning  strategy.  markov  processes  have  been  used  to  model  and  study  this  type  of  system.maximum  entropyall  of  these  methods  are,  in  one  way  or  another,  maximum  entropy  methods,  which  is  an  active  area  of  research.  this  goes  back  to  the  ideas
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  shannon,  and  many  other  researchers  who  studied  communication  networks.  continuing  along  similar  lines  today,  modern  wireless  network  research  often  considers  the  problem  of  network  congestion,  and  many  algorithms  are  being  proposed  to  minimize  it,  including  game  theory,  innovative  combinations  of  fdma,  tdma,  and  others.  economics  market  outlook  in  2009,  the  us  smart  grid  industry  was  valued  at  about  21.4  billion  by  2014,  it  will  exceed  at  least  42.8  billion.  given  the  success  of  the  smart  grids  in  the  u.s.,  the  world  market  is  expected  to  grow  at  a  faster  rate,  surging  from  69.3  billion  in  2009  to  171.4  billion
__label__energymonitoringmanagement by  2014.  with  the  segments  set  to  benefit  the  most  will  be  smart  metering  hardware  sellers  and  makers  of  software  used  to  transmit  and  organize  the  massive  amount  of  data  collected  by  meters.the  size  of  smart  grid  market  was  valued  at  over  us30  billion  in  2017  and  is  set  to  expand  over  11  cagr  to  hit  us70  billion  by  2024.  growing  need  to  digitalize  the  power  sector  driven  by  ageing  electrical  grid  infrastructure  will  stimulate  the  global  market  size.  the  industry  is  primarily  driven  by  favorable  government  regulations  and  mandates  along  with  rising  share  of  renewables  in  the  global  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement mix.  according  to  the  international  energy  agency  iea,  global  investments  in  digital  electricity  infrastructure  was  over  us50  billion  in  2017.a  2011  study  from  the  electric  power  research  institute  concludes  that  investment  in  a  u.s.  smart  grid  will  cost  up  to  476  billion  over  20  years  but  will  provide  up  to  2  trillion  in  customer  benefits  over  that  time.  in  2015,  the  world  economic  forum  reported  a  transformational  investment  of  more  than  7.6  trillion  by  members  of  the  oecd  is  needed  over  the  next  25  years  or  300  billion  per  year  to  modernize,  expand,  and  decentralize  the  electricity  infrastructure  with  technical
__label__energymonitoringmanagement innovation  as  key  to  the  transformation.  a  2019  study  from  international  energy  agency  estimates  that  the  current  depriciated  value  of  the  us  electric  grid  is  more  than  usd  1  trillion.  the  total  cost  of  replacing  it  with  a  smart  grid  is  estimated  to  be  more  than  usd  4  trillion.  if  smart  grids  are  deployed  fully  across  the  us,  the  country  expects  to  save  usd  130  billion  annually.  general  economics  developments  as  customers  can  choose  their  electricity  suppliers,  depending  on  their  different  tariff  methods,  the  focus  of  transportation  costs  will  be  increased.  reduction  of  maintenance  and  replacements  costs  will  stimulate  more
__label__energymonitoringmanagement advanced  control.a  smart  grid  precisely  limits  electrical  power  down  to  the  residential  level,  network  smallscale  distributed  energy  generation  and  storage  devices,  communicate  information  on  operating  status  and  needs,  collect  information  on  prices  and  grid  conditions,  and  move  the  grid  beyond  central  control  to  a  collaborative  network.  us  and  uk  savings  estimates  and  concerns  a  2003united  states  department  of  energy  study  calculated  that  internal  modernization  of  us  grids  with  smart  grid  capabilities  would  save  between  46  and  117  billion  dollars  over  the  next  20  years  if  implemented  within  a  few  years  of  the  study.  as  well  as  these  industrial  modernization  benefits,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement smart  grid  features  could  expand  energy  efficiency  beyond  the  grid  into  the  home  by  coordinating  low  priority  home  devices  such  as  water  heaters  so  that  their  use  of  power  takes  advantage  of  the  most  desirable  energy  sources.  smart  grids  can  also  coordinate  the  production  of  power  from  large  numbers  of  small  power  producers  such  as  owners  of  rooftop  solar  panels  an  arrangement  that  would  otherwise  prove  problematic  for  power  systems  operators  at  local  utilities.one  important  question  is  whether  consumers  will  act  in  response  to  market  signals.  the  u.s.  department  of  energy  doe  as  part  of  the  american  recovery  and  reinvestment
__label__energymonitoringmanagement act  smart  grid  investment  grant  and  demonstrations  program  funded  special  consumer  behavior  studies  to  examine  the  acceptance,  retention,  and  response  of  consumers  subscribed  to  timebased  utility  rate  programs  that  involve  advanced  metering  infrastructure  and  customer  systems  such  as  inhome  displays  and  programmable  communicating  thermostats.another  concern  is  that  the  cost  of  telecommunications  to  fully  support  smart  grids  may  be  prohibitive.  a  less  expensive  communication  mechanism  is  proposed  using  a  form  of  dynamic  demand  management  where  devices  shave  peaks  by  shifting  their  loads  in  reaction  to  grid  frequency.  grid  frequency  could  be  used  to  communicate  load  information  without  the  need  of  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement additional  telecommunication  network,  but  it  would  not  support  economic  bargaining  or  quantification  of  contributions.although  there  are  specific  and  proven  smart  grid  technologies  in  use,  smart  grid  is  an  aggregate  term  for  a  set  of  related  technologies  on  which  a  specification  is  generally  agreed,  rather  than  a  name  for  a  specific  technology.  some  of  the  benefits  of  such  a  modernized  electricity  network  include  the  ability  to  reduce  power  consumption  at  the  consumer  side  during  peak  hours,  called  demand  side  management;  enabling  grid  connection  of  distributed  generation  power  with  photovoltaic  arrays,  small  wind  turbines,  micro  hydro,  or  even  combined  heat  power  generators
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  buildings;  incorporating  grid  energy  storage  for  distributed  generation  load  balancing;  and  eliminating  or  containing  failures  such  as  widespread  power  grid  cascading  failures.  the  increased  efficiency  and  reliability  of  the  smart  grid  is  expected  to  save  consumers  money  and  help  reduce  co2  emissions.  oppositions  and  concerns  most  opposition  and  concerns  have  centered  on  smart  meters  and  the  items  such  as  remote  control,  remote  disconnect,  and  variable  rate  pricing  enabled  by  them.  where  opposition  to  smart  meters  is  encountered,  they  are  often  marketed  as  smart  grid  which  connects  smart  grid  to  smart  meters  in  the  eyes  of  opponents.  specific  points  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement opposition  or  concern  include:consumer  concerns  over  privacy,  e.g.  use  of  usage  data  by  law  enforcementsocial  concerns  over  fair  availability  of  electricityconcern  that  complex  rate  systems  e.g.  variable  rates  remove  clarity  and  accountability,  allowing  the  supplier  to  take  advantage  of  the  customerconcern  over  remotely  controllable  kill  switch  incorporated  into  most  smart  meterssocial  concerns  over  enron  style  abuses  of  information  leverageconcerns  over  giving  the  government  mechanisms  to  control  the  use  of  all  power  using  activitiesconcerns  over  rf  emissions  from  smart  meters  security  while  modernization  of  electrical  grids  into  smart  grids  allows  for  optimization  of  everyday  processes,  a  smart  grid,  being  online,  can
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  vulnerable  to  cyberattacks.  transformers  which  increase  the  voltage  of  electricity  created  at  power  plants  for  longdistance  travel,  transmission  lines  themselves,  and  distribution  lines  which  deliver  the  electricity  to  its  consumers  are  particularly  susceptible.  these  systems  rely  on  sensors  which  gather  information  from  the  field  and  then  deliver  it  to  control  centers,  where  algorithms  automate  analysis  and  decisionmaking  processes.  these  decisions  are  sent  back  to  the  field,  where  existing  equipment  execute  them.  hackers  have  the  potential  to  disrupt  these  automated  control  systems,  severing  the  channels  which  allow  generated  electricity  to  be  utilized.  this  is  called  a  denial  of  service  or
__label__energymonitoringmanagement dos  attack.  they  can  also  launch  integrity  attacks  which  corrupt  information  being  transmitted  along  the  system  as  well  as  desynchronization  attacks  which  affect  when  such  information  is  delivered  to  the  appropriate  location.  additionally,  intruders  can  again  access  via  renewable  energy  generation  systems  and  smart  meters  connected  to  the  grid,  taking  advantage  of  more  specialized  weaknesses  or  ones  whose  security  has  not  been  prioritized.  because  a  smart  grid  has  a  large  number  of  access  points,  like  smart  meters,  defending  all  of  its  weak  points  can  prove  difficult.  there  is  also  concern  on  the  security  of  the  infrastructure,  primarily  that  involving  communications
__label__energymonitoringmanagement technology.  concerns  chiefly  center  around  the  communications  technology  at  the  heart  of  the  smart  grid.  designed  to  allow  realtime  contact  between  utilities  and  meters  in  customers  homes  and  businesses,  there  is  a  risk  that  these  capabilities  could  be  exploited  for  criminal  or  even  terrorist  actions.  one  of  the  key  capabilities  of  this  connectivity  is  the  ability  to  remotely  switch  off  power  supplies,  enabling  utilities  to  quickly  and  easily  cease  or  modify  supplies  to  customers  who  default  on  payment.  this  is  undoubtedly  a  massive  boon  for  energy  providers,  but  also  raises  some  significant  security  issues.  cybercriminals  have  infiltrated  the  u.s.  electric
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid  before  on  numerous  occasions.  aside  from  computer  infiltration,  there  are  also  concerns  that  computer  malware  like  stuxnet,  which  targeted  scada  systems  which  are  widely  used  in  industry,  could  be  used  to  attack  a  smart  grid  network.electricity  theft  is  a  concern  in  the  u.s.  where  the  smart  meters  being  deployed  use  rf  technology  to  communicate  with  the  electricity  transmission  network.  people  with  knowledge  of  electronics  can  devise  interference  devices  to  cause  the  smart  meter  to  report  lower  than  actual  usage.  similarly,  the  same  technology  can  be  employed  to  make  it  appear  that  the  energy  the  consumer  is  using  is  being
__label__energymonitoringmanagement used  by  another  customer,  increasing  their  bill.the  damage  from  a  wellexecuted,  sizable  cyberattack  could  be  extensive  and  longlasting.  one  incapacitated  substation  could  take  from  nine  days  to  over  a  year  to  repair,  depending  on  the  nature  of  the  attack.  it  can  also  cause  an  hourslong  outage  in  a  small  radius.  it  could  have  an  immediate  effect  on  transportation  infrastructure,  as  traffic  lights  and  other  routing  mechanisms  as  well  as  ventilation  equipment  for  underground  roadways  is  reliant  on  electricity.  additionally,  infrastructure  which  relies  on  the  electric  grid,  including  wastewater  treatment  facilities,  the  information  technology  sector,  and  communications  systems  could  be  impacted.the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement december  2015  ukraine  power  grid  cyberattack,  the  first  recorded  of  its  kind,  disrupted  services  to  nearly  a  quarter  of  a  million  people  by  bringing  substations  offline.  the  council  on  foreign  relations  has  noted  that  states  are  most  likely  to  be  the  perpetrators  of  such  an  attack  as  they  have  access  to  the  resources  to  carry  one  out  despite  the  high  level  of  difficulty  of  doing  so.  cyber  intrusions  can  be  used  as  portions  of  a  larger  offensive,  military  or  otherwise.  some  security  experts  warn  that  this  type  of  event  is  easily  scalable  to  grids  elsewhere.  insurance  company  lloyds  of  london
__label__energymonitoringmanagement has  already  modeled  the  outcome  of  a  cyberattack  on  the  eastern  interconnection,  which  has  the  potential  to  impact  15  states,  put  93  million  people  in  the  dark,  and  cost  the  countrys  economy  anywhere  from  243  billion  to  1  trillion  in  various  damages.according  to  the  u.s.  house  of  representatives  subcommittee  on  economic  development,  public  buildings,  and  emergency  management,  the  electric  grid  has  already  seen  a  sizable  number  of  cyber  intrusions,  with  two  in  every  five  aiming  to  incapacitate  it.  as  such,  the  u.s.  department  of  energy  has  prioritized  research  and  development  to  decrease  the  electric  grids  vulnerability  to  cyberattacks,  citing  them
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  an  imminent  danger  in  its  2017  quadrennial  energy  review.  the  department  of  energy  has  also  identified  both  attack  resistance  and  selfhealing  as  major  keys  to  ensuring  that  todays  smart  grid  is  futureproof.  while  there  are  regulations  already  in  place,  namely  the  critical  infrastructure  protection  standards  introduced  by  the  north  america  electric  reliability  council,  a  significant  number  of  them  are  suggestions  rather  than  mandates.  most  electricity  generation,  transmission,  and  distribution  facilities  and  equipment  are  owned  by  private  stakeholders,  further  complicating  the  task  of  assessing  adherence  to  such  standards.  additionally,  even  if  utilities  want  to  fully  comply,  they  may  find  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement it  is  too  expensive  to  do  so.some  experts  argue  that  the  first  step  to  increasing  the  cyber  defenses  of  the  smart  electric  grid  is  completing  a  comprehensive  risk  analysis  of  existing  infrastructure,  including  research  of  software,  hardware,  and  communication  processes.  additionally,  as  intrusions  themselves  can  provide  valuable  information,  it  could  be  useful  to  analyze  system  logs  and  other  records  of  their  nature  and  timing.  common  weaknesses  already  identified  using  such  methods  by  the  department  of  homeland  security  include  poor  code  quality,  improper  authentication,  and  weak  firewall  rules.  once  this  step  is  completed,  some  suggest  that  it  makes  sense  to  then
__label__energymonitoringmanagement complete  an  analysis  of  the  potential  consequences  of  the  aforementioned  failures  or  shortcomings.  this  includes  both  immediate  consequences  as  well  as  second  and  thirdorder  cascading  impacts  on  parallel  systems.  finally,  risk  mitigation  solutions,  which  may  include  simple  remediation  of  infrastructure  inadequacies  or  novel  strategies,  can  be  deployed  to  address  the  situation.  some  such  measures  include  recoding  of  control  system  algorithms  to  make  them  more  able  to  resist  and  recover  from  cyberattacks  or  preventative  techniques  that  allow  more  efficient  detection  of  unusual  or  unauthorized  changes  to  data.  strategies  to  account  for  human  error  which  can  compromise  systems  include  educating  those  who
__label__energymonitoringmanagement work  in  the  field  to  be  wary  of  strange  usb  drives,  which  can  introduce  malware  if  inserted,  even  if  just  to  check  their  contents.other  solutions  include  utilizing  transmission  substations,  constrained  scada  networks,  policy  based  data  sharing,  and  attestation  for  constrained  smart  meters.transmission  substations  utilize  onetime  signature  authentication  technologies  and  oneway  hash  chain  constructs.  these  constraints  have  since  been  remedied  with  the  creation  of  a  fastsigning  and  verification  technology  and  bufferingfree  data  processing.a  similar  solution  has  been  constructed  for  constrained  scada  networks.  this  involves  applying  a  hashbased  message  authentication  code  to  byte  streams,  converting  the  randomerror  detection  available  on  legacy  systems
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  a  mechanism  that  guarantees  data  authenticity.policybased  data  sharing  utilizes  gpsclocksynchronizedfinegrain  power  grid  measurements  to  provide  increased  grid  stability  and  reliability.  it  does  this  through  synchrophasor  requirements  that  are  gathered  by  pmus.attestation  for  constrained  smart  meters  faces  a  slightly  different  challenge,  however.  one  of  the  biggest  issues  with  attestation  for  constrained  smart  meters  is  that  in  order  to  prevent  energy  theft,  and  similar  attacks,  cyber  security  providers  have  to  make  sure  that  the  devices  software  is  authentic.  to  combat  this  problem,  an  architecture  for  constrained  smart  networks  has  been  created  and  implemented  at  a  low  level  in  the  embedded  system.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement other  challenges  to  adoption  before  a  utility  installs  an  advanced  metering  system,  or  any  type  of  smart  system,  it  must  make  a  business  case  for  the  investment.  some  components,  like  the  power  system  stabilizers  pss  installed  on  generators  are  very  expensive,  require  complex  integration  in  the  grids  control  system,  are  needed  only  during  emergencies,  and  are  only  effective  if  other  suppliers  on  the  network  have  them.  without  any  incentive  to  install  them,  power  suppliers  dont.  most  utilities  find  it  difficult  to  justify  installing  a  communications  infrastructure  for  a  single  application  e.g.  meter  reading.  because  of  this,  a  utility  must  typically
__label__energymonitoringmanagement identify  several  applications  that  will  use  the  same  communications  infrastructure  for  example,  reading  a  meter,  monitoring  power  quality,  remote  connection  and  disconnection  of  customers,  enabling  demand  response,  etc.  ideally,  the  communications  infrastructure  will  not  only  support  nearterm  applications,  but  unanticipated  applications  that  will  arise  in  the  future.  regulatory  or  legislative  actions  can  also  drive  utilities  to  implement  pieces  of  a  smart  grid  puzzle.  each  utility  has  a  unique  set  of  business,  regulatory,  and  legislative  drivers  that  guide  its  investments.  this  means  that  each  utility  will  take  a  different  path  to  creating  their  smart  grid  and  that  different  utilities  will  create
__label__energymonitoringmanagement smart  grids  at  different  adoption  rates.some  features  of  smart  grids  draw  opposition  from  industries  that  currently  are,  or  hope  to  provide  similar  services.  an  example  is  competition  with  cable  and  dsl  internet  providers  from  broadband  over  powerline  internet  access.  providers  of  scada  control  systems  for  grids  have  intentionally  designed  proprietary  hardware,  protocols  and  software  so  that  they  cannot  interoperate  with  other  systems  in  order  to  tie  its  customers  to  the  vendor.the  incorporation  of  digital  communications  and  computer  infrastructure  with  the  grids  existing  physical  infrastructure  poses  challenges  and  inherent  vulnerabilities.  according  to  ieee  security  and  privacy  magazine,  the  smart  grid  will
__label__energymonitoringmanagement require  that  people  develop  and  use  large  computer  and  communication  infrastructure  that  supports  a  greater  degree  of  situational  awareness  and  that  allows  for  more  specific  command  and  control  operations.  this  process  is  necessary  to  support  major  systems  such  as  demandresponse  widearea  measurement  and  control,  storage  and  transportation  of  electricity,  and  the  automation  of  electric  distribution.  power  theft  /  power  loss  various  smart  grid  systems  have  dual  functions.  this  includes  advanced  metering  infrastructure  systems  which,  when  used  with  various  software  can  be  used  to  detect  power  theft  and  by  process  of  elimination,  detect  where  equipment  failures  have  taken  place.  these  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  addition  to  their  primary  functions  of  eliminating  the  need  for  human  meter  reading  and  measuring  the  timeofuse  of  electricity.the  worldwide  power  loss  including  theft  is  estimated  at  approximately  twohundred  billion  dollars  annually.electricity  theft  also  represents  a  major  challenge  when  providing  reliable  electrical  service  in  developing  countries.  deployments  and  attempted  deployments  enel.  the  earliest,  and  one  of  the  largest,  example  of  a  smart  grid  is  the  italian  system  installed  by  enel  s.p.a.  of  italy.  completed  in  2005,  the  telegestore  project  was  highly  unusual  in  the  utility  world  because  the  company  designed  and  manufactured  their  own  meters,  acted  as  their  own
__label__energymonitoringmanagement system  integrator,  and  developed  their  own  system  software.  the  telegestore  project  is  widely  regarded  as  the  first  commercial  scale  use  of  smart  grid  technology  to  the  home,  and  delivers  annual  savings  of  500  million  euro  at  a  project  cost  of  2.1  billion  euro.us  dept.  of  energy  arra  smart  grid  project:  one  of  the  largest  deployment  programs  in  the  world  todate  is  the  u.s.  dept.  of  energys  smart  grid  program  funded  by  the  american  recovery  and  reinvestment  act  of  2009.  this  program  required  matching  funding  from  individual  utilities.  a  total  of  over  9  billion  in  public/private  funds  were  invested  as  part
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  this  program.  technologies  included  advanced  metering  infrastructure,  including  over  65  million  advanced  smart  meters,  customer  interface  systems,  distribution  substation  automation,  volt/var  optimization  systems,  over  1,000  synchrophasors,  dynamic  line  rating,  cyber  security  projects,  advanced  distribution  management  systems,  energy  storage  systems,  and  renewable  energy  integration  projects.this  program  consisted  of  investment  grants  matching,  demonstration  projects,  consumer  acceptance  studies,  and  workforce  education  programs.  reports  from  all  individual  utility  programs  as  well  as  overall  impact  reports  will  be  completed  by  the  second  quarter  of  2015.austin,  texas.  in  the  us,  the  city  of  austin,  texas  has  been  working  on  building  its  smart  grid  since  2003,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement when  its  utility  first  replaced  1/3  of  its  manual  meters  with  smart  meters  that  communicate  via  a  wireless  mesh  network.  it  currently  manages  200,000  devices  realtime  smart  meters,  smart  thermostats,  and  sensors  across  its  service  area,  and  expects  to  be  supporting  500,000  devices  realtime  in  2009  servicing  1  million  consumers  and  43,000  businesses.boulder,  colorado  completed  the  first  phase  of  its  smart  grid  project  in  august  2008.  both  systems  use  the  smart  meter  as  a  gateway  to  the  home  automation  network  han  that  controls  smart  sockets  and  devices.  some  han  designers  favor  decoupling  control  functions  from  the  meter,  out  of  concern
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  future  mismatches  with  new  standards  and  technologies  available  from  the  fast  moving  business  segment  of  home  electronic  devices.hydro  one,  in  ontario,  canada  is  in  the  midst  of  a  largescale  smart  grid  initiative,  deploying  a  standardscompliant  communications  infrastructure  from  trilliant.  by  the  end  of  2010,  the  system  will  serve  1.3  million  customers  in  the  province  of  ontario.  the  initiative  won  the  best  amr  initiative  in  north  america  award  from  the  utility  planning  network.the  city  of  mannheim  in  germany  is  using  realtime  broadband  powerline  bpl  communications  in  its  model  city  mannheim  moma  project.adelaide  in  australia  also  plans  to  implement  a  localised
__label__energymonitoringmanagement green  smart  grid  electricity  network  in  the  tonsley  park  redevelopment.sydney  also  in  australia,  in  partnership  with  the  australian  government  implemented  the  smart  grid,  smart  city  program.vora.  inovgrid  is  an  innovative  project  in  vora,  portugal  that  aims  to  equip  the  electricity  grid  with  information  and  devices  to  automate  grid  management,  improve  service  quality,  reduce  operating  costs,  promote  energy  efficiency  and  environmental  sustainability,  and  increase  the  penetration  of  renewable  energies  and  electric  vehicles.  it  will  be  possible  to  control  and  manage  the  state  of  the  entire  electricity  distribution  grid  at  any  given  instant,  allowing  suppliers  and  energy  services  companies  to  use  this
__label__energymonitoringmanagement technological  platform  to  offer  consumers  information  and  addedvalue  energy  products  and  services.  this  project  to  install  an  intelligent  energy  grid  places  portugal  and  edp  at  the  cutting  edge  of  technological  innovation  and  service  provision  in  europe.eenergy  in  the  socalled  eenergy  projects  several  german  utilities  are  creating  first  nucleolus  in  six  independent  model  regions.  a  technology  competition  identified  this  model  regions  to  carry  out  research  and  development  activities  with  the  main  objective  to  create  an  internet  of  energy.massachusetts.  one  of  the  first  attempted  deployments  of  smart  grid  technologies  in  the  united  states  was  rejected  in  2009  by  electricity  regulators  in  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement commonwealth  of  massachusetts,  a  us  state.  according  to  an  article  in  the  boston  globe,  northeast  utilities  western  massachusetts  electric  co.  subsidiary  actually  attempted  to  create  a  smart  grid  program  using  public  subsidies  that  would  switch  low  income  customers  from  postpay  to  prepay  billing  using  smart  cards  in  addition  to  special  hiked  premium  rates  for  electricity  used  above  a  predetermined  amount.  this  plan  was  rejected  by  regulators  as  it  eroded  important  protections  for  lowincome  customers  against  shutoffs.  according  to  the  boston  globe,  the  plan  unfairly  targeted  lowincome  customers  and  circumvented  massachusetts  laws  meant  to  help  struggling  consumers  keep  the  lights  on.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  spokesman  for  an  environmental  group  supportive  of  smart  grid  plans  and  western  massachusetts  electrics  aforementioned  smart  grid  plan,  in  particular,  stated  if  used  properly,  smart  grid  technology  has  a  lot  of  potential  for  reducing  peak  demand,  which  would  allow  us  to  shut  down  some  of  the  oldest,  dirtiest  power  plants...  its  a  tool.the  eenergy  vermont  consortium  is  a  us  statewide  initiative  in  vermont,  funded  in  part  through  the  american  recovery  and  reinvestment  act  of  2009,  in  which  all  of  the  electric  utilities  in  the  state  have  rapidly  adopted  a  variety  of  smart  grid  technologies,  including  about  90  advanced  metering
__label__energymonitoringmanagement infrastructure  deployment,  and  are  presently  evaluating  a  variety  of  dynamic  rate  structures.in  the  netherlands  a  largescale  project  5000  connections,  20  partners  was  initiated  to  demonstrate  integrated  smart  grids  technologies,  services  and  business  cases.life  factory  microgrid  life13  env  /  es  /  000700  is  a  demonstrative  project  that  is  part  of  the  life  2013  program  european  commission,  whose  main  objective  is  to  demonstrate,  through  the  implementation  of  a  fullscale  industrial  smartgrid  that  microgrids  can  become  one  of  the  most  suitable  solutions  for  energy  generation  and  management  in  factories  that  want  to  minimize  their  environmental  impact.epb  in  chattanooga,  tn  is  a  municipallyowned  electric
__label__energymonitoringmanagement utility  that  started  construction  of  a  smart  grid  in  2008,  receiving  a  111,567,606  grant  from  the  us  doe  in  2009  to  expedite  construction  and  implementation  for  a  total  budget  of  232,219,350.  deployment  of  powerline  interrupters  1170  units  was  completed  in  april  2012,  and  deployment  of  smart  meters  172,079  units  was  completed  in  2013.  the  smart  grids  backbone  fiberoptic  system  was  also  used  to  provide  the  first  gigabitspeed  internet  connection  to  residential  customers  in  the  us  through  the  fiber  to  the  home  initiative,  and  now  speeds  of  up  to  10  gigabits  per  second  are  available  to  residents.  the  smart  grid  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement estimated  to  have  reduced  power  outages  by  an  average  of  60,  saving  the  city  about  60  million  dollars  annually.  it  has  also  reduced  the  need  for  truck  rolls  to  scout  and  troubleshoot  faults,  resulting  in  an  estimated  reduction  of  630,000  truck  driving  miles,  and  4.7  million  pounds  of  carbon  emissions.  in  january  2016,  epb  became  the  first  major  power  distribution  system  to  earn  performance  excellence  in  electricity  renewal  peer  certification.  openadr  implementations  certain  deployments  utilize  the  openadr  standard  for  load  shedding  and  demand  reduction  during  higher  demand  periods.  china  the  smart  grid  market  in  china  is  estimated  to  be  22.3
__label__energymonitoringmanagement billion  with  a  projected  growth  to  61.4  billion  by  2015.  honeywell  is  developing  a  demand  response  pilot  and  feasibility  study  for  china  with  the  state  grid  corp.  of  china  using  the  openadr  demand  response  standard.  the  state  grid  corp.,  the  chinese  academy  of  science,  and  general  electric  intend  to  work  together  to  develop  standards  for  chinas  smart  grid  rollout.  united  kingdom  the  openadr  standard  was  demonstrated  in  bracknell,  england,  where  peak  use  in  commercial  buildings  was  reduced  by  45  percent.  as  a  result  of  the  pilot,  the  scottish  and  southern  energy  sse  said  it  would  connect  up  to  30  commercial
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  industrial  buildings  in  thames  valley,  west  of  london,  to  a  demand  response  program.  united  states  in  2009,  the  us  department  of  energy  awarded  an  11  million  grant  to  southern  california  edison  and  honeywell  for  a  demand  response  program  that  automatically  turns  down  energy  use  during  peak  hours  for  participating  industrial  customers.  the  department  of  energy  awarded  an  11.4  million  grant  to  honeywell  to  implement  the  program  using  the  openadr  standard.hawaiian  electric  co.  heco  is  implementing  a  twoyear  pilot  project  to  test  the  ability  of  an  adr  program  to  respond  to  the  intermittence  of  wind  power.  hawaii  has  a  goal
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  obtain  70  percent  of  its  power  from  renewable  sources  by  2030.  heco  will  give  customers  incentives  for  reducing  power  consumption  within  10  minutes  of  a  notice.  guidelines,  standards  and  user  groups  part  of  the  ieee  smart  grid  initiative,  ieee  2030.2  represents  an  extension  of  the  work  aimed  at  utility  storage  systems  for  transmission  and  distribution  networks.  the  ieee  p2030  group  expects  to  deliver  early  2011  an  overarching  set  of  guidelines  on  smart  grid  interfaces.  the  new  guidelines  will  cover  areas  including  batteries  and  supercapacitors  as  well  as  flywheels.  the  group  has  also  spun  out  a  2030.1  effort  drafting  guidelines
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  integrating  electric  vehicles  into  the  smart  grid.iec  tc  57  has  created  a  family  of  international  standards  that  can  be  used  as  part  of  the  smart  grid.  these  standards  include  iec  61850  which  is  an  architecture  for  substation  automation,  and  iec  61970/61968  the  common  information  model  cim.  the  cim  provides  for  common  semantics  to  be  used  for  turning  data  into  information.openadr  is  an  opensource  smart  grid  communications  standard  used  for  demand  response  applications.it  is  typically  used  to  send  information  and  signals  to  cause  electrical  powerusing  devices  to  be  turned  off  during  periods  of  higher  demand.multispeak  has  created  a  specification  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement supports  distribution  functionality  of  the  smart  grid.  multispeak  has  a  robust  set  of  integration  definitions  that  supports  nearly  all  of  the  software  interfaces  necessary  for  a  distribution  utility  or  for  the  distribution  portion  of  a  vertically  integrated  utility.  multispeak  integration  is  defined  using  extensible  markup  language  xml  and  web  services.the  ieee  has  created  a  standard  to  support  synchrophasors  c37.118.the  uca  international  user  group  discusses  and  supports  real  world  experience  of  the  standards  used  in  smart  grids.a  utility  task  group  within  lonmark  international  deals  with  smart  grid  related  issues.there  is  a  growing  trend  towards  the  use  of  tcp/ip  technology  as  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement common  communication  platform  for  smart  meter  applications,  so  that  utilities  can  deploy  multiple  communication  systems,  while  using  ip  technology  as  a  common  management  platform.ieee  p2030  is  an  ieee  project  developing  a  draft  guide  for  smart  grid  interoperability  of  energy  technology  and  information  technology  operation  with  the  electric  power  system  eps,  and  enduse  applications  and  loads.nist  has  included  itut  g.hn  as  one  of  the  standards  identified  for  implementation  for  the  smart  grid  for  which  it  believed  therewas  strong  stakeholder  consensus.  g.hn  is  standard  for  highspeed  communications  over  power  lines,  phone  lines  and  coaxial  cables.oasis  energyinterop  an  oasis  technical  committee  developing  xml
__label__energymonitoringmanagement standards  for  energy  interoperation.  its  starting  point  is  the  california  openadr  standard.under  the  energy  independence  and  security  act  of  2007  eisa,  nist  is  charged  with  overseeing  the  identification  and  selection  of  hundreds  of  standards  that  will  be  required  to  implement  the  smart  grid  in  the  u.s.  these  standards  will  be  referred  by  nist  to  the  federal  energy  regulatory  commission  ferc.  this  work  has  begun,  and  the  first  standards  have  already  been  selected  for  inclusion  in  nists  smart  grid  catalog.  however,  some  commentators  have  suggested  that  the  benefits  that  could  be  realized  from  smart  grid  standardization  could  be  threatened  by  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement growing  number  of  patents  that  cover  smart  grid  architecture  and  technologies.  if  patents  that  cover  standardized  smart  grid  elements  are  not  revealed  until  technology  is  broadly  distributed  throughout  the  network  lockedin,  significant  disruption  could  occur  when  patent  holders  seek  to  collect  unanticipated  rents  from  large  segments  of  the  market.  gridwise  alliance  rankings  in  november  2017  the  nonprofit  gridwise  alliance  along  with  clean  edge  inc.,  a  clean  energy  group,  released  rankings  for  all  50  states  in  their  efforts  to  modernize  the  electric  grid.  california  was  ranked  number  one.  the  other  top  states  were  illinois,  texas,  maryland,  oregon,  arizona,  the  district  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement columbia,  new  york,  nevada  and  delaware.  the  30plus  page  report  from  the  gridwise  alliance,  which  represents  stakeholders  that  design,  build  and  operate  the  electric  grid,  takes  a  deep  dive  into  grid  modernization  efforts  across  the  country  and  ranks  them  by  state.  see  also  references  bibliography  hans  glavitsch  november  1974.  computer  control  of  electricpower  systems.  scientific  american.  vol.  231  no.  5.christian  neureiter,  a  domainspecific,  model  driven  engineering  approach  for  systems  engineering  in  the  smart  grid,  mbse4u,  2017,  isbn  9783981852929  external  links  smart  grids  european  commissionthe  nist  smart  grid  collaboration  site  nists  public  wiki  for  smart  gridemerging  smart  multiuse  grids  multiple  use
__label__energymonitoringmanagement scalable  wireless  network  of  networksvideo  lecture:  computer  system  security:  technical  and  social  challenges  in  creating  a  trustworthy  power  grid,  university  of  illinois  at  urbanachampaignwiley:  smart  grid  applications,  communications,  and  securityvideo  lecture:  smart  grid:  key  to  a  sustainable  energy  infrastructure,  university  of  illinois  at  urbanachampaignsmart  high  voltage  substation  based  on  iec  61850  process  bus  and  ieee  1588  time  synchronizationenergy  to  smart  grid  e2sg,  one  of  the  major  european  smart  grid  research  projectssmart  grid:  communicationenabled  intelligence  for  the  electric  power  gridlife  factory  microgrid:  smart  grid  project  funded  by  the  european  commissionsmart  hubs  sles  :  smart  grid  project  partfunded  by  uk  research  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  smart  meter  is  an  electronic  device  that  records  consumption  of  electric  energy  and  communicates  the  information  to  the  electricity  supplier  for  monitoring  and  billing.  smart  meters  typically  record  energy  hourly  or  more  frequently,  and  report  at  least  daily.  smart  meters  enable  twoway  communication  between  the  meter  and  the  central  system.  such  an  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  differs  from  automatic  meter  reading  amr  in  that  it  enables  twoway  communication  between  the  meter  and  the  supplier.  communications  from  the  meter  to  the  network  may  be  wireless,  or  via  fixed  wired  connections  such  as  power  line  carrier  plc.  wireless  communication  options  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement common  use  include  cellular  communications  which  can  be  expensive,  wifi  readily  available,  wireless  ad  hoc  networks  over  wifi,  wireless  mesh  networks,  low  power  long  range  wireless  lora,  zigbee  low  power,  low  data  rate  wireless,  and  wisun  smart  utility  networks.  overview  the  term  smart  meter  often  refers  to  an  electricity  meter,  but  it  also  may  mean  a  device  measuring  natural  gas  or  water  consumption.similar  meters,  usually  referred  to  as  interval  or  timeofuse  meters,  have  existed  for  years,  but  smart  meters  usually  involve  realtime  or  near  realtime  sensors,  power  outage  notification,  and  power  quality  monitoring.  these  additional  features  are  more  than  simple
__label__energymonitoringmanagement automated  meter  reading  amr.  they  are  similar  in  many  respects  to  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  meters.  interval  and  timeofuse  meters  historically  have  been  installed  to  measure  commercial  and  industrial  customers,  but  may  not  have  automatic  reading.research  by  the  uk  consumer  group,  showed  that  as  many  as  one  in  three  confuse  smart  meters  with  energy  monitors,  also  known  as  inhome  display  monitors.  the  rollout  of  smart  meters  is  claimed  to  be  one  strategy  for  saving  energy.  while  energy  suppliers  in  the  uk  could  save  around  300  million  a  year  from  their  introduction,  benefits  to  users  of  electricity  depends  on  their  using
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  information  to  change  their  pattern  of  energy  use.  for  example,  smart  meters  may  facilitate  taking  advantage  of  lower  offpeak  time  tariffs,  and  selling  electricity  back  to  the  grid  with  net  metering.the  installed  base  of  smart  meters  in  europe  at  the  end  of  2008  was  about  39  million  units,  according  to  analyst  firm  berg  insight.  globally,  pike  research  found  that  smart  meter  shipments  were  17.4  million  units  for  the  first  quarter  of  2011.  visiongain  determined  that  the  value  of  the  global  smart  meter  market  would  reach  us7  billion  in  2012.smart  meters  may  be  part  of  a  smart  grid,  but  do
__label__energymonitoringmanagement not  themselves  constitute  a  smart  grid.  brief  history  in  1972,  theodore  paraskevakos,  while  working  with  boeing  in  huntsville,  alabama,  developed  a  sensor  monitoring  system  that  used  digital  transmission  for  security,  fire,  and  medical  alarm  systems  as  well  as  meter  reading  capabilities.  this  technology  was  a  spinoff  from  the  automatic  telephone  line  identification  system,  now  known  as  caller  id.in  1974,  paraskevakos  was  awarded  a  u.s.  patent  for  this  technology.  in  1977,  he  launched  metretek,  inc.,  which  developed  and  produced  the  first  smart  meters.  since  this  system  was  developed  preinternet,  metretek  utilized  the  ibm  series  1  minicomputer.  for  this  approach,  paraskevakos  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement metretek  were  awarded  multiple  patents.  purpose  since  the  inception  of  electricity  deregulation  and  marketdriven  pricing  throughout  the  world,  utilities  have  been  looking  for  a  means  to  match  consumption  with  generation.  nonsmart  electrical  and  gas  meters  only  measure  total  consumption,  providing  no  information  of  when  the  energy  was  consumed.  smart  meters  provide  a  way  of  measuring  this  sitespecific  information,  allowing  utility  companies  to  charge  different  prices  for  consumption  according  to  the  time  of  day  and  the  season.utility  companies  say  that  smart  metering  offers  potential  benefits  to  householders.  these  include,  a  an  end  to  estimated  bills,  which  are  a  major  source  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement complaints  for  many  customers  b  a  tool  to  help  consumers  better  manage  their  energy  purchasesstating  that  smart  meters  with  a  display  outside  their  homes  could  provide  uptodate  information  on  gas  and  electricity  consumption  and  in  doing  so  help  people  to  manage  their  energy  use  and  reduce  their  energy  bills.  electricity  pricing  usually  peaks  at  certain  predictable  times  of  the  day  and  the  season.  in  particular,  if  generation  is  constrained,  prices  can  rise  if  power  from  other  jurisdictions  or  more  costly  generation  is  brought  online.  proponents  assert  that  billing  customers  at  a  higher  rate  for  peak  times  encourages  consumers  to  adjust
__label__energymonitoringmanagement their  consumption  habits  to  be  more  responsive  to  market  prices  and  assert  further,  that  regulatory  and  market  design  agencies  hope  these  price  signals  could  delay  the  construction  of  additional  generation  or  at  least  the  purchase  of  energy  from  higher  priced  sources,  thereby  controlling  the  steady  and  rapid  increase  of  electricity  prices.  there  are  some  concerns,  however,  that  low  income  and  vulnerable  consumers  may  not  benefit  from  intraday  timeofuse  tariffs.an  academic  study  based  on  existing  trials  showed  that  homeowners  electricity  consumption  on  average  is  reduced  by  approximately  35.the  ability  to  connect/disconnect  service  and  read  meter  consumption  remotely  are  major  labor  savings
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  the  utility  and  can  cause  large  layoffs  of  meter  readers.  criticism  citizens  advice  said  in  august  2018  that  80  of  people  with  a  smart  meter  were  happy  with  them,  but  it  had  1,000  calls  in  2017  about  problems,  including  firstgeneration  smart  meters  losing  their  functionality,  aggressive  sales  practices,  and  still  having  to  send  smart  meter  readings.ross  anderson  of  the  foundation  for  information  policy  research  has  criticised  the  uks  programme  on  grounds  that  it  is  unlikely  to  lower  energy  consumption,  is  rushed  and  expensive,  and  does  not  promote  metering  competition.  anderson  writes,  the  proposed  architecture  ensures  continued  dominance  of  metering
__label__energymonitoringmanagement by  energy  industry  incumbents  whose  financial  interests  are  in  selling  more  energy  rather  than  less,  and  urged  ministers  to  kill  the  project  and  instead  promote  competition  in  domestic  energy  metering,  as  the  germans  do  and  as  the  uk  already  has  in  industrial  metering.  every  consumer  should  have  the  right  to  appoint  the  meter  operator  of  their  choice.in  a  2011  submission  to  the  public  accounts  committee,  anderson  wrote  that  ofgem  were  making  all  the  classic  mistakes  which  have  been  known  for  years  to  lead  to  publicsector  it  project  failures  and  that  the  most  critical  part  of  the  projecthow  smart  meters  will
__label__energymonitoringmanagement talk  to  domestic  appliances  so  as  to  facilitate  demand  responseis  essentially  ignored.the  high  number  of  smets1  meters  installed  has  been  criticised  by  peter  earl,  head  of  energy  at  the  price  comparison  website  comparethemarket.com.  he  said,  the  government  expected  there  would  only  be  a  small  number  of  the  firstgeneration  of  smart  meters  before  smets  ii  came  in,  but  the  reality  is  there  are  now  at  least  five  million  and  perhaps  as  many  as  10  million  smets  i  meters.uk  smart  meters  use  the  mobile  phone  network  to  communicate,  so  they  do  not  work  properly  when  phone  coverage  is  weak.  a  solution  has
__label__energymonitoringmanagement been  proposed,  but  was  not  operational  as  of  march  2017.in  march  2018  the  national  audit  office  nao,  which  watches  over  public  spending,  opened  an  investigation  into  the  smart  meter  programme,  which  had  cost  11bn  by  then,  paid  for  by  electricity  users  through  higher  bills.  the  national  audit  office  published  the  findings  of  its  investigation  in  a  report  titled  rolling  out  smart  meters  published  on  november  2018.  the  report,  amongst  other  findings,  indicated  that  the  number  of  smart  meters  installed  in  the  uk  would  fall  materially  short  of  the  department  for  business,  energy  industrial  strategy  beis  original  ambitions  of  all  uk
__label__energymonitoringmanagement consumers  having  a  smart  meter  installed  by  2020.ross  anderson  and  alex  henney  wrote  that  ed  miliband  cooked  the  books  to  make  the  case  for  smart  meters  appear  economically  viable.  they  say  that  the  first  three  costbenefit  analyses  of  residential  smart  meters  found  that  it  would  cost  more  than  it  would  save,  but  ministers  kept  on  trying  until  they  got  a  positive  result...  to  achieve  profitability  the  previous  government  stretched  the  assumptions  shamelessly.an  economist  at  ofgem  with  oversight  of  the  rollout  of  the  smart  meter  programme  who  raised  concerns  with  his  manager  was  threatened  with  imprisonment  under  a  law  intended  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement protect  national  security.  the  employment  appeal  tribunal  found  that  the  law  was  in  contravention  of  the  european  convention  on  human  rights.  technology  connectivity  communication  is  a  critical  technological  requirement  for  smart  meters.  each  meter  must  be  able  to  reliably  and  securely  communicate  the  information  collected  to  a  central  location.  considering  the  varying  environments  and  locations  where  meters  are  found,  that  problem  can  be  daunting.  among  the  solutions  proposed  are:  the  use  of  cell  and  pager  networks,  satellite,  licensed  radio,  combination  licensed  and  unlicensed  radio,  and  power  line  communication.  not  only  the  medium  used  for  communication  purposes,  but  also  the  type
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  network  used,  is  critical.  as  such,  one  would  find:  fixed  wireless,  wireless  mesh  network  and  wireless  ad  hoc  networks,  or  a  combination  of  the  two.  there  are  several  other  potential  network  configurations  possible,  including  the  use  of  wifi  and  other  internet  related  networks.  to  date  no  one  solution  seems  to  be  optimal  for  all  applications.  rural  utilities  have  very  different  communication  problems  from  urban  utilities  or  utilities  located  in  difficult  locations  such  as  mountainous  regions  or  areas  illserved  by  wireless  and  internet  companies.in  addition  to  communication  with  the  headend  network,  smart  meters  may  need  to  be  part  of  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement home  area  network,  which  can  include  an  inpremises  display  and  a  hub  to  interface  one  or  more  meters  with  the  head  end.  technologies  for  this  network  vary  from  country  to  country,  but  include  power  line  communication,  wireless  ad  hoc  network,  and  zigbee.  protocols  ansi  c12.18  is  an  ansi  standard  that  describes  a  protocol  used  for  twoway  communications  with  a  meter,  mostly  used  in  north  american  markets.  the  c12.18  standard  is  written  specifically  for  meter  communications  via  an  ansi  type  2  optical  port,  and  specifies  lowerlevel  protocol  details.  ansi  c12.19  specifies  the  data  tables  that  are  used.  ansi  c12.21  is  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement extension  of  c12.18  written  for  modem  instead  of  optical  communications,  so  it  is  better  suited  to  automatic  meter  reading.iec  61107  is  a  communication  protocol  for  smart  meters  published  by  the  iec  that  is  widely  used  for  utility  meters  in  the  european  union.  it  is  superseded  by  iec  62056,  but  remains  in  wide  use  because  it  is  simple  and  wellaccepted.  it  sends  ascii  data  using  a  serial  port.  the  physical  media  are  either  modulated  light,  sent  with  an  led  and  received  with  a  photodiode,  or  a  pair  of  wires,  usually  modulated  by  eia485.  the  protocol  is  halfduplex.  iec  61107  is  related
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to,  and  sometimes  wrongly  confused  with,  the  flag  protocol.  ferranti  and  landisgyr  were  early  proponents  of  an  interface  standard  that  eventually  became  a  subset  of  iec1107.the  open  smart  grid  protocol  osgp  is  a  family  of  specifications  published  by  the  european  telecommunications  standards  institute  etsi  used  in  conjunction  with  the  iso/iec  14908  control  networking  standard  for  smart  metering  and  smart  grid  applications.  millions  of  smart  meters  based  on  osgp  are  deployed  worldwide.  on  july  15,  2015,  the  osgp  alliance  announced  the  release  of  a  new  security  protocol  osgpaes128psk  and  its  availability  from  osgp  vendors.  this  deprecated  the  original  osgprc4psk  security  protocol
__label__energymonitoringmanagement which  had  been  identified  to  be  vulnerable.there  is  a  growing  trend  toward  the  use  of  tcp/ip  technology  as  a  common  communication  platform  for  smart  meter  applications,  so  that  utilities  can  deploy  multiple  communication  systems,  while  using  ip  technology  as  a  common  management  platform.  a  universal  metering  interface  would  allow  for  development  and  mass  production  of  smart  meters  and  smart  grid  devices  prior  to  the  communication  standards  being  set,  and  then  for  the  relevant  communication  modules  to  be  easily  added  or  switched  when  they  are.  this  would  lower  the  risk  of  investing  in  the  wrong  standard  as  well  as  permit  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement single  product  to  be  used  globally  even  if  regional  communication  standards  vary.some  smart  meters  may  use  a  test  ir  led  to  transmit  nonencrypted  usage  data  that  bypasses  meter  security  by  transmitting  lower  level  data  in  real  time.  data  management  the  other  critical  technology  for  smart  meter  systems  is  the  information  technology  at  the  utility  that  integrates  the  smart  meter  networks  with  the  utility  applications,  such  as  billing  and  cis.  this  includes  the  meter  data  management  system.it  also  is  important  for  smart  grid  implementations  that  power  line  communication  plc  technologies  used  within  the  home  over  a  home  area  network  han,  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement standardized  and  compatible.  the  han  allows  hvac  systems  and  other  household  appliances  to  communicate  with  the  smart  meter,  and  from  there  to  the  utility.  currently  there  are  several  broadband  or  narrowband  standards  in  place,  or  being  developed,  that  are  not  yet  compatible.  to  address  this  issue,  the  national  institute  for  standards  and  technology  nist  established  the  pap15  group,  which  studies  and  recommends  coexistence  mechanisms  with  a  focus  on  the  harmonization  of  plc  standards  for  the  han.  the  objective  of  the  group  is  to  ensure  that  all  plc  technologies  selected  for  the  han  coexist  as  a  minimum.  the  two  main  broadband
__label__energymonitoringmanagement plc  technologies  selected  are  the  homeplug  av  /  ieee  1901  and  itut  g.hn  technologies.  technical  working  groups  within  these  organizations  are  working  to  develop  appropriate  coexistence  mechanisms.  the  homeplug  powerline  alliance  has  developed  a  new  standard  for  smart  grid  han  communications  called  the  homeplug  green  phy  specification.  it  is  interoperable  and  coexistent  with  the  widely  deployed  homeplug  av  technology  and  with  the  new  ieee  1901  global  standard  and  is  based  on  broadband  ofdm  technology.  itut  commissioned  in  2010  a  new  project  called  g.hnem,  to  address  the  home  networking  aspects  of  energy  management,  built  upon  existing  low  frequency  narrowband  ofdm  technologies.google.orgs
__label__energymonitoringmanagement powermeter,  until  its  demise  in  2011,  was  able  to  use  a  smart  meter  for  tracking  electricity  usage,  as  can  emeters  energy  engage  as  in,  for  example,  the  powercentsdctm  demand  response  program.  advanced  metering  infrastructure  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  refers  to  systems  that  measure,  collect,  and  analyze  energy  usage,  and  communicate  with  metering  devices  such  as  electricity  meters,  gas  meters,  heat  meters,  and  water  meters,  either  on  request  or  on  a  schedule.  these  systems  include  hardware,  software,  communications,  consumer  energy  displays  and  controllers,  customer  associated  systems,  meter  data  management  software,  and  supplier  business  systems.government  agencies  and  utilities  are  turning  toward  advanced
__label__energymonitoringmanagement metering  infrastructure  ami  systems  as  part  of  larger  smart  grid  initiatives.  ami  extends  automatic  meter  reading  amr  technology  by  providing  two  way  meter  communications,  allowing  commands  to  be  sent  toward  the  home  for  multiple  purposes,  including  timebased  pricing  information,  demandresponse  actions,  or  remote  service  disconnects.  wireless  technologies  are  critical  elements  of  the  neighborhood  network,  aggregating  a  mesh  configuration  of  up  to  thousands  of  meters  for  back  haul  to  the  utilitys  it  headquarters.the  network  between  the  measurement  devices  and  business  systems  allows  collection  and  distribution  of  information  to  customers,  suppliers,  utility  companies,  and  service  providers.  this  enables  these  businesses  to  participate
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  demand  response  services.  consumers  can  use  information  provided  by  the  system  to  change  their  normal  consumption  patterns  to  take  advantage  of  lower  prices.  pricing  can  be  used  to  curb  growth  of  peak  demand  consumption.ami  differs  from  traditional  automatic  meter  reading  amr  in  that  it  enables  twoway  communications  with  the  meter.  systems  only  capable  of  meter  readings  do  not  qualify  as  ami  systems.  opposition  and  concerns  some  groups  have  expressed  concerns  regarding  the  cost,  health,  fire  risk,  security  and  privacy  effects  of  smart  meters  and  the  remote  controllable  kill  switch  that  is  included  with  most  of  them.  many  of  these
__label__energymonitoringmanagement concerns  regard  wirelessonly  smart  meters  with  no  home  energy  monitoring  or  control  or  safety  features.  meteringonly  solutions,  while  popular  with  utilities  because  they  fit  existing  business  models  and  have  cheap  upfront  capital  costs,  often  result  in  such  backlash.  often  the  entire  smart  grid  and  smart  building  concept  is  discredited  in  part  by  confusion  about  the  difference  between  home  control  and  home  area  network  technology  and  ami.  the  attorneys  general  of  both  illinois  and  connecticut  have  stated  that  they  do  not  believe  smart  meters  provide  any  financial  benefit  to  consumers,  however,  the  cost  of  the  installation  of  the  new  system  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement absorbed  by  those  customers.  security  smart  meters  expose  the  power  supply  to  cyberattacks  that  could  lead  to  power  outages,  both  by  cutting  off  peoples  electricity  and  by  overloading  the  grid.  however  many  cyber  security  experts  state  that  smart  meters  of  uk  and  germany  have  a  relatively  high  cybersecurity  and  that  any  such  attack  there  would  thus  require  extraordinarily  high  efforts  or  financial  resources.implementing  security  protocols  that  protect  these  devices  from  malicious  attacks  has  been  problematic,  due  to  their  limited  computational  resources  and  long  operational  life.the  current  version  of  iec  62056  includes  the  possibility  to  encrypt,  authenticate,  or  sign  the  meter
__label__energymonitoringmanagement data.one  proposed  smart  meter  data  verification  method  involves  analyzing  the  network  traffic  in  real  time  to  detect  anomalies  using  an  intrusion  detection  system  ids  by  identifying  exploits  as  they  are  being  leveraged  by  attackers,  an  ids  mitigates  the  suppliers  risks  of  energy  theft  by  consumers  and  denialofservice  attacks  by  hackers.  energy  utilities  must  choose  between  a  centralized  ids,  embedded  ids,  or  dedicated  ids  depending  on  the  individual  needs  of  the  utility.  researchers  have  found  that  for  a  typical  advanced  metering  infrastructure,  the  centralized  ids  architecture  is  superior  in  terms  of  cost  efficiency  and  security  gains.in  the  united  kingdom,  the  data
__label__energymonitoringmanagement communication  company,  which  transports  the  commands  from  the  supplier  to  the  smart  meter,  performs  an  additional  anomaly  check  on  commands  issued  and  signed  by  the  energy  supplier.as  smart  meter  devices  are  intelligent  measurement  devices  which  periodically  record  the  measured  values  and  send  the  data  encrypted  to  the  service  provider,  therefore  in  switzerland  these  devices  need  to  be  evaluated  by  an  evaluation  laboratory,  and  need  to  be  certified  by  metas  from  01.01.2020  according  to  prfmethodologie  test  methodology  for  execution  of  data  security  evaluation  of  swiss  smart  metering  components.according  to  a  report  by  brian  krebs,  in  2009  a  puerto  rico  electricity  supplier
__label__energymonitoringmanagement asked  the  fbi  to  investigate  largescale  thefts  of  electricity  related  to  its  smart  meters.  the  fbi  found  that  former  employees  of  the  power  company  and  the  company  that  made  the  meters  were  being  paid  by  consumers  to  reprogram  the  devices  to  show  incorrect  results,  as  well  as  teaching  people  how  to  do  it  themselves.  health  and  safety  most  health  concerns  about  the  meters  arise  from  the  pulsed  radiofrequency  rf  radiation  emitted  by  wireless  smart  meters.members  of  the  california  state  assembly  asked  the  california  council  on  science  and  technology  ccst  to  study  the  issue  of  potential  health  impacts  from  smart  meters,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  particular  whether  current  fcc  standards  are  protective  of  public  health.  the  ccst  report  in  april  2011  found  no  health  impacts,  based  both  on  lack  of  scientific  evidence  of  harmful  effects  from  radio  frequency  rf  waves  and  that  the  rf  exposure  of  people  in  their  homes  to  smart  meters  is  likely  to  be  minuscule  compared  to  rf  exposure  to  cell  phones  and  microwave  ovens.  daniel  hirsch,  retired  director  of  the  program  on  environmental  and  nuclear  policy  at  uc  santa  cruz,  critiqued  the  ccst  report  on  the  grounds  that  it  did  not  consider  studies  that  suggest  the  potential  for  nonthermal  health
__label__energymonitoringmanagement effects  such  as  latent  cancers  from  rf  exposure.  hirsch  also  stated  that  the  ccst  report  failed  to  correct  errors  in  its  comparison  to  cell  phones  and  microwave  ovens  and  that,  when  these  errors  are  corrected,  smart  meters  may  produce  cumulative  whole  body  exposures  far  higher  than  that  of  cell  phones  or  microwave  ovens.  issues  surrounding  smart  meters  causing  fires  have  also  been  reported,  particularly  involving  the  manufacturer  sensus.  in  2012.  peco  energy  company  replaced  the  sensus  meters  it  had  deployed  in  the  philadelphia  region  after  reports  that  a  number  of  the  units  had  overheated  and  caused  fires.  in  july  2014,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement saskpower,  the  provincerun  utility  company  of  the  canadian  province  of  saskatchewan,  halted  its  rollout  of  sensus  meters  after  similar,  isolated  incidents  were  discovered.  shortly  afterward,  portland  general  electric  announced  that  it  would  replace  70,000  smart  meters  that  had  been  deployed  in  the  state  of  oregon  after  similar  reports.  the  company  noted  that  it  had  been  aware  of  the  issues  since  at  least  2013,  and  that  they  were  limited  to  certain  models  it  had  installed  between  2010  and  2012.  on  july  30,  2014,  after  a  total  of  eight  recent  fire  incidents  involving  the  meters,  saskpower  was  ordered  by  the  government  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement saskatchewan  to  immediately  end  its  smart  meter  program,  and  remove  the  105,000  smart  meters  it  had  installed.  privacy  concerns  one  technical  reason  for  privacy  concerns  is  that  these  meters  send  detailed  information  about  how  much  electricity  is  being  used  each  time.  more  frequent  reports  provide  more  detailed  information.  infrequent  reports  may  be  of  little  benefit  for  the  provider,  as  it  doesnt  allow  as  good  demand  management  in  the  response  of  changing  needs  for  electricity.  on  the  other  hand,  very  frequent  reports  would  allow  the  utility  company  to  infer  behavioral  patterns  for  the  occupants  of  a  house,  such  as  when  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement members  of  the  household  are  probably  asleep  or  absent.  current  trends  are  to  increase  the  frequency  of  reports.  a  solution  that  benefits  both  provider  and  user  privacy  would  be  to  adapt  the  interval  dynamically.  another  solution  involves  an  energy  storage  installed  at  the  household  used  to  reshape  the  energy  consumption  profile.  in  british  columbia  the  electric  utility  is  governmentowned  and  as  such  must  comply  with  privacy  laws  that  prevent  the  sale  of  data  collected  by  smart  meters;  many  parts  of  the  world  are  serviced  by  private  companies  that  are  able  to  sell  their  data.  in  australia  debt  collectors  can  make
__label__energymonitoringmanagement use  of  the  data  to  know  when  people  are  at  home.  used  as  evidence  in  a  court  case  in  austin,  texas,  police  agencies  secretly  collected  smart  meter  power  usage  data  from  thousands  of  residences  to  determine  which  used  more  power  than  typical  to  identify  marijuana  growing  operations.smart  meter  power  data  usage  patterns  can  reveal  much  more  than  how  much  power  is  being  used.  research  has  demonstrated  that  smart  meters  sampling  power  levels  at  twosecond  intervals  can  reliably  identify  when  different  electrical  devices  are  in  use.ross  anderson  has  written  about  privacy  concerns.  he  writes  it  is  not  necessary  for  my  meter
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  tell  the  power  company,  let  alone  the  government,  how  much  i  used  in  every  halfhour  period  last  month;  that  meters  can  provide  targeting  information  for  burglars;  that  detailed  energy  usage  history  can  help  energy  companies  to  sell  users  exploitative  contracts;  and  that  there  may  be  a  temptation  for  policymakers  to  use  smart  metering  data  to  target  any  needed  power  cuts.  optout  options  reviews  of  smart  meter  programs,  moratoriums,  delays,  and  optout  programs  are  some  responses  to  the  concerns  of  customers  and  government  officials.  in  response  to  residents  who  did  not  want  a  smart  meter,  in  june  2012  a  utility
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  hawaii  changed  their  smart  meter  program  to  opt  out.  the  utility  said  that  once  the  smart  grid  installation  project  is  nearing  completion,  kiuc  may  convert  the  deferral  policy  to  an  optout  policy  or  program  and  may  charge  a  fee  to  those  members  to  cover  the  costs  of  servicing  the  traditional  meters.  any  fee  would  require  approval  from  the  hawaii  public  utilities  commission.after  receiving  numerous  complaints  about  health,  hacking,  and  privacy  concerns  with  the  wireless  digital  devices,  the  public  utility  commission  of  the  us  state  of  maine  voted  to  allow  customers  to  opt  out  of  the  meter  change  at  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement cost  of  12  a  month.  in  connecticut,  another  us  state  to  consider  smart  metering,  regulators  declined  a  request  by  the  states  largest  utility,  connecticut  light  power,  to  install  1.2  million  of  the  devices,  arguing  that  the  potential  savings  in  electric  bills  do  not  justify  the  cost.  clp  already  offers  its  customers  timebased  rates.  the  states  attorney  general  george  jepsen  was  quoted  as  saying  the  proposal  would  cause  customers  to  spend  upwards  of  500  million  on  meters  and  get  few  benefits  in  return,  a  claim  that  connecticut  light  power  disputed.  lack  of  savings  in  results  there  are  questions  whether  electricity  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement or  should  be  primarily  a  when  you  need  it  service  where  the  inconvenience/costbenefit  ratio  of  time  shifting  of  loads  is  poor.  in  the  chicago  area,  commonwealth  edison  ran  a  test  installing  smart  meters  on  8,000  randomly  selected  households  together  with  variable  rates  and  rebates  to  encourage  cutting  back  during  peak  usage.  in  the  crains  chicago  business  article  smart  grid  test  underwhelms.  in  pilot,  few  power  down  to  save  money.,  it  was  reported  that  fewer  than  9  exhibited  any  amount  of  peak  usage  reduction  and  that  the  overall  amount  of  reduction  was  statistically  insignificant.  this  was  from  a  report  by  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement electric  power  research  institute,  a  utility  industry  think  tank  who  conducted  the  study  and  prepared  the  report.  susan  satter,  senior  assistant  illinois  attorney  general  for  public  utilities  said  its  devastating  to  their  plan......the  report  shows  zero  statistically  different  result  compared  to  business  as  usual.  by  2016,  the  7  million  smart  meters  in  texas  had  not  persuaded  many  people  to  actually  check  their  energy  data  as  the  process  was  too  difficult.a  report  from  a  parliamentary  group  in  the  uk  suggests  people  who  have  smart  meters  installed  are  expected  to  save  an  average  of  11  annually  on  their  energy  bills,  much  less
__label__energymonitoringmanagement than  originally  hoped.  erratic  demand  smart  meters  can  allow  realtime  pricing,  and  in  theory  this  could  help  smooth  power  consumption  as  consumers  adjust  their  demand  in  response  to  price  changes.  however,  modelling  by  researchers  at  the  university  of  bremen  suggests  that  in  certain  circumstances,  power  demand  fluctuations  are  not  dampened  but  amplified  instead.  in  the  media  in  2013,  take  back  your  power,  an  independent  canadian  documentary  directed  by  josh  del  sol  was  released  describing  dirty  electricity  and  the  aforementioned  issues  with  smart  meters.  the  film  explores  the  various  contexts  of  the  health,  legal,  and  economic  concerns,  and  features  narration  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement mayor  of  peterborough,  ontario,  daryl  bennett,  as  well  as  american  researcher  dekun  li,  journalist  blake  levitt,  and  dr.  sam  milham.  it  won  a  leo  award  for  best  featurelength  documentary  and  the  annual  humanitarian  award  from  indie  fest  the  following  year.  see  also  references  external  links  uk  smart  meter  policy  and  informationprfmethodology  swiss  smart  meter  testing  regulationswitzerland  federal  institute  of  metrology  metas  eidgenssisches  institut  fr  metrologie  metassmart  meter  news,  features  and  research  paperstia  smart  utility  networks  u.s.  standardization  processdemand  response  and  advanced  metering  coalition.  definitions.advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami,  department  of  primary  industries,  victoria,  australiafurther  reading  smart  meters  news  informationsmart  metering  projects
__label__energymonitoringmanagement smart  energy  solutions  allow  your  customers  to  closely  monitor  and  control  the  energy  consumption  of  their  buildings.  in  its  essence,  energy  management  is  about  close  and  accurate  energy  consumption  monitoring  and  reporting  of  data.  in  addition  to  reducing  the  environmental  footprint  of  households  and  corporate  buildings,  smart  energy  systems  reduce  operating  costs  substantially.  energy  management  systems  utilize  the  leveling  of  peak  loads  to  manage  energy  consumption  most  efficiently.  develco  products  manufactures  wireless  communication  interfaces  for  ,  which  allow  for  monitoring  and  analysis  of  household  utility  consumption.  the  longterm  goal  of  energy  management  systems  is  to  employ  knowledge  of  consumption  patterns
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  reduce  energy  costs,  by  moving  consumption  to  low  demand  periods.  in  practice,  energy  management  systems  achieve  this  by,  insofar  as  possible,  having  connected  electrical  devices  run  during  periods  where  power  is  cheaper  due  to  low  demand.  energy  management  is  becoming  increasingly  important.  today,  energy  costs  have  become  a  central  factor  in  domestic  budgeting,  wherefore  home  power  usage  monitoring  is  important  to  most  modern  households.  develco  products  provide  thirdparty  meters  with  capabilities  and  are  the  ideal  choice  for  implementation  into  your  smart  energy  solution.  many  businesses  face  several  challenges  in  their  daytoday  energy  consumption  monitoring  due  to  their  massive  scale
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  diverse  infrastructure,  low  degree  of  flexibility,  and  a  general  lack  of  readings  or  actionable  insights  regarding  their  energy  consumption.  however,  smart  energy  systems  are  an  ideal  solution  for  companies  seeking  to  optimize  their  energy  consumption  in  order  to  reduce  operating  costs,  without  sacrificing  their  ecosustainability  goals.  integrating  an  energy  management  system  may  also  assist  companies  in  reaching  emission  targets  and  combating  rises  in  energy  prices.  energy  providers  experience  an  increased  demand  for  efficient  energy  monitoring  and  control.  today,  power  is  increasingly  being  generated  from  renewable  energy  sources,  like  wind,  hydro,  and  solar.  since  the  supply  of  energy  from  these
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sources  is  dependent  upon  weather  conditions,  it  complicates  the  reliability  of  supply.  this  has  resulted  in  the  introduction  of  automatic,  remote  power  consumption  monitoring,  which  allows  energy  suppliers  to  implement  a  pricing  system  where  the  cost  of  renewable  energy  follows  the  available  supply.  in  doing  so,  energy  suppliers  hope  to  increasingly  affect  consumer  power  usage  patterns,  moving  demand  to  time  intervals  with  lower  demand.  energy  management  systems  provide  your  customers  with  the  ability  to  manage  their  energy  consumption  as  effectively  and  cheaply  as  possible.  from  develco  products  is  ideal  for  monitoring  solar  cell  energy  generation  and  consumption.  the  meter  allows
__label__energymonitoringmanagement active  prosumers  to  get  a  live  feed  of  how  much  power  is  produced  from  their  photovoltaic  panels  and  compare  it  to  the  total  consumption  of  the  household  as  well  as  to  grid  activity  conventional  meter  functionality.  for  more  than  10  years,  develco  products  has  helped  companies  entering  the  world  of  internet  of  things.  read  a  selection  of  our  customer  cases  by  clicking  below.  the  solution  we  have  chosen  is  flexible,  which  is  a  great  advantage  as  it  gives  us  the  possibility  of  scaling  our  customer  base  almost  limitless  in  the  future.  dk  8200  aarhus  phone:  mail:  when  you  visit  develcoproducts.com,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  measure  the  traffic  on  the  website.  we  use  this  information  to  improve  our  website.  if  you  do  not  wish  to  accept  cookies,  you  may  set  your  browser  to  automatically  reject  cookies  or  to  notify  you  whenever  a  website  asks  to  store  cookies.  use  your  browsers  help  function  for  more  information.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement softweb  smart  energy  monitoring  solution  offers  an  allinclusive  software  service  that  enables  organizations  and  institutions  to  attain  substantial  enhancements  on  energy  efficacy  usage  while  reducing  conservation  effects,  dipping  consumptions  and  functioning  expenses.  including  iot  sensors  gathering  data  in  realtime,  big  data  analytics  and  artificial  intelligence,  the  solution  can  recognize  enormous  energysaving  prospects.  it  even  reduces  energy  consumption  to  a  great  extent.  it  helps  organizations  to  reduce  expenditure  on  energy  by  not  cutting  down  the  usage  but  preventing  wastage.  the  system  records,  stores  and  helps  users  to  visualize  data  with  the  help  of  data  analytics.  it  manages  energy  consumption  conferring  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement economic  and  commercial  standards.  it  is  enabled  with  centralized  monitoring  with  control  in  realtime  simplifying  conservation.  amalgamation  of  this  system  guarantees  a  reduction  in  operating  costs,  which  results  in  continued  savings  over  time.  softweb  smart  energy  monitoring  solution  is  very  easy  to  use  once  installed  as  it  comes  with  an  intuitive  dashboard  that  can  be  accessed  using  mobile  devices.  the  solution  is  capable  of  communicating  with  building  resources,  controlling  information  and  providing  rich  insights  to  optimize  energy  usage  and  take  smart  actions.  yes,  you  can  do  that.  the  application  on  your  mobile  device  can  grab  data  from  other  monitoring  sources
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  display  in  a  single  dashboard.  all  sensors  and  resources  are  connected  to  the  gateway  that  communicates  with  an  iot  platform  for  advanced  data  analytics.  it  uses  the  internet  connection  to  synchronize  its  data  storage  to  the  cloud.  no  specific  configuration  is  required  at  your  end  unless  it  is  a  very  complex  network.  yes,  we  can.  please  get  in  touch  with  us  to  discuss  your  needs.  we  provide  you  with  complete  training  on  installing  and  operating  the  softweb  smart  energy  monitoring  system.  it  depends  on  how  large  your  infrastructure  is.  the  solution  is  available  in  the  cloud  in  saas  mode.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement please  get  in  touch  with  us  for  customizing  the  cost  as  per  your  requirement.  iotconnect  is  the  result  of  our  continued  dedication  to  help  companies  take  advantage  of  the  iot  revolution.  lets  discuss  your  idea  and  empower  your  business  to  do  much  more  with  internet  of  things.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  8663457638  iotconnect  is  a  product  of  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  solution  can  be  implemented  for  1k  2k  one  time  cost  only  get  the  hardware  as  well  as  the  software  bundled  with  the  solution.  know  realtime  equipment  efficiency  and  its  current  status.  with  advanced  data  analytics,  analyze  the  consumption  patterns  of  your  machines.  we  will  configure  the  mobile  app  for  your  personalized  experience.  30  second  updates  30  second  updates  know  when  and  why  your  machines  were  not  running.  with  intellia  energy  monitoring  system,  you  will  get  the  realtime  insights  into  your  machines  availability  and  its  performance.  the  information  related  to  your  machines  availability  is  deliberately  showcased  on  a  dashboard  which
__label__energymonitoringmanagement can  be  customized.  the  solution  monitors  equipment  downtimes  which  empowers  you  to  reduce  unwanted  and  unexpected  equipment  breakdowns  and  schedule  maintenance.  intellia  energy  monitoring  system  provides  an  easy  way  to  automatically  retrieve  and  analyze  power  quality  events.  unlike  traditional  energy  management  systems,  intellia  energy  monitoring  system  extracts  the  realtime  energy  consumption  insights  from  your  plant  and  provides  you  the  machine  uptime,  equipment  efficiency,  and  power  consumption  information  on  your  mobile/pc.  the  system  also  covers  the  power  generation  and  its  utilization  which  makes  it  a  one  stop  solution.  intellia  energy  monitoring  system  is  also  configured  for  smart  grids  to  provide  distributed
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  resources  management  system  derms  that  delivers  blazingly  fast  and  reliable  control  through  scalable  and  autonomous  dispatch.  the  twoway  communication  help  utilities  manage  energy  demand  efficiently,  effectively,  and  responsibly.  highlight  of  the  solution  is  its  capability  to  automate  demand  response  dr.  intellia  iot  solution  for  energy  measurement  offers  complete  visibility  of  energy  consumption/generation  into  your  manufacturing  plant.  it  will  help  you  get  detailed  insights  into  your  energy  consumption  not  only  at  the  manufacturing  unit  or  building  level  but  also  at  the  level  of  room,  line,  machine  and  even  individual  product.  equipment  efficiency  energy  sources  energy  consumption  per  equipment  we  pick
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  right  sensor  and  gateway/telemetry  device  for  you,  process  the  data  to  valuable  information,  and  make  the  information  available  on  intellia  iot  energy  monitoring  dashboard  which  is  tailored  according  to  your  requirements.  intellia  iot  provide  the  realtime  energy  consumption  data  which  helps  you  to  continuously  monitor  your  equipment  efficiency.  which  will  help  you  decide  if  any  machine  is  need  to  be  replaced.  with  intellia  iot  you  will  get  advanced  analytics  feature  which  will  help  you  to  identify  energy  consumption  patterns,  compare  historical  consumption,  and  predict  future  energy  needs.  intellia  iot  empowers  you  to  know  when  a  machine  was  active  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement when  it  wasnt.  you  will  be  alerted  if  a  machine  is  not  working  when  it  is  supposed  to  be  active.  intellia  iot  provides  data  charts  and  visualization  which  helps  you  to  comprehend  the  information  easily.  intellia  iot  provides  all  the  information  related  to  installed  devices  machines  on  a  single  screen.  the  reports  are  readily  available  with  just  one  click.  it  is  not  just  the  data  ingestion  form  sensors,  intellia  iot  also  empowers  you  to  control  the  energy  supply  as  well.  they  are  scheduled  searches  that  remain  active  on  a  constant  note.  this  makes  it  easier  for  users  to  detect  errors
__label__energymonitoringmanagement instantly  when  they  occur.  be  it  extreme  winters,  scorching  summers  or  sudden  drop/rise  in  the  temperature,  it  can  sustain  it  all.  through  advanced  data  analytics  and  ai,  you  can  predict  the  total  energy  usage  and  the  associated  cost.  we  were  looking  for  a  system  that  can  monitor  the  energy  consumption  parameters  throughout  the  factory,  provide  clear  energy  insights  and  allow  us  to  keep  the  consumption  in  the  plant  to  a  minimum.  after  having  evaluated  traditional  energy  management  system  and  metering  system,  biz4intellia  won  out  in  the  end  providing  best  in  class  energy  monitoring  solution  for  our  requirements.  if  you  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement looking  for  a  solution  to  monitor  your  equipments  efficiency,  intellia  iot  for  energy  monitoring  is  a  perfect  pick  for  you.  they  are  providing  us  the  realtime  information  from  our  plant  which  is  accessible  via  mobile  devices  or  pc.  we  had  10  machines  working  2  shifts  a  day.  due  to  unplanned  downtime  of  about  30  minutes  per  machine  per  shift,  the  equipment  efficiency  was  deteriorating  throughout  the  time.  we  were  unable  to  break  even  the  cost  of  machines.  we  reached  out  biz4intellia  for  realtime  machine  efficiency  monitoring  and  got  the  complete  solution  implemented  not  in  months  but  in  weeks.  https://www.biz4intellia.com/pricing/  want
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  know  how  iiot  can  help  you  to  make  your  business  successful?  curious  about  the  implementation  process  of  intellia  iot  business  solution  and  its  pricing?  ,  ,  follow,  like,  tweet  or  post.  we  would  love  to  interact  with  you  were  happy  to  share  our  rating  2019.  all  rights  reserved  inc.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement thingsboard  platform  provides  outofthebox  components  and  apis  to  dramatically  reduce  time  to  market  and  your  effort  to  create  smart  energy  solutions  and  energy  monitoring  systems.save  up  to  90  of  development  time  for  your  smart  energy  solution  by  utilizing  following  benefits:  the  platform  provides  production  ready  server  infrastructure  to  connect  your  smart  meter  devices,  collect,  store  and  analyze  energy  monitoring  data,  and  share  results  of  the  analysis  with  your  customers  and  endusers.  the  following  interactive  dashboard  hosted  on  live  demo  server  represents  smart  energy  iot  data  visualization  that  may  be  embedded  in  your  iot  project  or  solution.  see  dashboard  description  below.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  attached  dashboard  demonstrates  realtime  data  from  smartmeters  that  is  collected  using  thingsboard  mqtt  api.  the  data  is  stored  in  cassandra  db  on  our  demo  server.  we  would  like  to  highlight  following  features:  the  diagram  below  identifies  data  flow  and  integration  points  for  typical  smart  energy  solution  that  uses  thingsboard  platform  to  collect  and  analyze  energy  monitoring  data  from  smart  meters.  you  may  notice  that  there  are  plenty  of  connectivity  options  for  smart  meters:  either  direct  connection  to  the  cloud  or  through  the  iot  gateway.platform  supports  industry  standard  encryption  algorithms  ssl  and  device  credentials  types  x.509  certificates  and  access  tokens.the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement collected  data  is  stored  in  cassandra  faulttolerant  and  reliable  nosql  database.thingsboard  rule  engine  allows  to  forward  incoming  data  to  various  analytics  systems,  such  as  apache  spark  or  hadoop  using  kafka  or  other  message  buses.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  truly  apologize  that  this  error  has  occurred.  we  take  these  matters  very  seriously  and  ask  for  your  help  in  notifying  us  of  the  problem.  please  email  us  at  digitalsecurityavnet.com,  using  reference  number:  thank  you  in  advance  for  your  assistance  in  resolving  this  issue.  avnet  customer  care
__label__energymonitoringmanagement brought  to  you  by  nowadays,  utilities  are  being  stressed  for  further  gigantic  energy  production.  exponential  growth  of  human  population  and  energy  consumers  in  mega  cites  is  witnessed.  and  thus,  energy  conservation  is  becoming  a  major  concern  worldwide.  as  a  result,  energymonitoring  systems  are  evolving  as  the  most  effective  solution  towards  optimizing  the  growing  energy  demands  and  consumptions.  these  systems  can  eliminate  the  waste  in  energy,  reduce  the  current  usage  levels,  and  better  utilize  our  resources.  in  this  work,  we  overview  and  categorize  existing  energymonitoring  approaches  in  the  literature.  enabling  technologies  including  sensors  and  handheld  devices  are  overviewed  as  well.  we
__label__energymonitoringmanagement spot  the  light  on  practical  aspects  and  performability  issues.  furthermore,  we  investigate  the  impact  and  effectiveness  of  these  monitoring  systems  under  stress.  critical  design  factors,  tuning  parameters  and  real  use  cases  are  analyzed  and  compared  in  addition  to  categorizing  the  most  common  trends  in  this  area.  finally,  commonly  observed  patterns  and  statistics  are  concluded  and  reported.  received  his  ph.d.  degree  in  computer  science  from  queens  university,  canada,  in  2011.  he  is  a  professor  with  antalya  bilim  university,  turkey.  his  record  spans  over  200  publications  in  journals,  conferences,  patents,  books,  and  book  chapters.  he  has  authored/edited  more  than  12  published  books
__label__energymonitoringmanagement about  cognition,  security,  and  wireless  sensor  networks  deployments  in  smart  environments.  he  was  a  recipient  of  several  recognitions  and  best  papers  awards  at  top  international  conferences.  he  also  received  the  prestigious  best  research  paper  award  from  elsevier  comcom  journal  for  the  last  three  years  prior  to  2018,  in  addition  to  the  top  researcher  award  for  2018  at  antalya  bilim  university,  turkey.  received  his  b.sc.  in  engineering  from  university  of  waterloo,  ontario,  canada.  and  now  he  is  involved  in  several  smart  projects  via  which  he  expands  his  practical  skills.  his  research  interests  include  5g  communications,  wireless  sensor  networks,  sustainable  renewable  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement integration,  distributed  power  generation,  and  smart  grid  applications.  received  her  bachelors  and  masters  in  computer  engineering  from  comsats  institute  of  information  technology  abbottabad  and  abasyn  university  islamabad,  pakistan  in  2010  and  2015,  respectively.  currently,  she  is  doing  her  masters  combined  ph.d.  program  in  kyungpook  national  university  since  2016  march.  her  area  of  research  is  big  data,  5g,  and  iot.  is  an  associate  professor  in  the  school  of  computer  science  and  engineering,  kyungpook  national  university,  south  korea  as  associate  professor,  he  got  his  ph.d.  degree  in  the  electrical  engineering  at  national  cheng  kung  university,  taiwan,  r.o.c.  in  2010.  his  research  interests
__label__energymonitoringmanagement include  big  data,  machinetomachine  communication,  internet  of  things,  intelligent  transportation  system.  this  paper  is  for  regular  issues  of  caee.  note  that  it  was  originally  submitted  for  the  special  section  sifadn.  reviews  processed  and  recommended  for  publication  to  the  editorinchief  by  guest  editor  dr.  c.  a.  kerrache.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement intelligent  insights  conversations  with  global  power  industry  professionals  the  mission  of  this  group  is  to  bring  together  utility  professionals  in  the  power  industry  who  are  in  the  thick  of  the  digital  utility  transformation.  sanjeev  is  the  chief  executive  officer  ceo  of  biz4intellia  inc,  responsible  for  leading  biz4intellias  global  business  strategy  and  operations.  being  an  internet  of  things  iot  enthusiastic...  energy  analyst  chester  energy  and  policy  vice  president  of  the  power  industry  network  energy  central  ceo  founder  hyperion  executive  search  ltd  you  need  to  be  a  member  of  energy  central  to  access  some  features  and  content.  please  or  to  continue.  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  management  you  have  to  measure  in  order  to  manage  start  small  and  scale  once  roi  is  proven  energy  central  contributors  share  their  experience  and  insights  for  the  benefit  of  other  members  like  you.  please  show  them  your  appreciation  by  leaving  a  comment,  liking  this  post,  or  following  this  member.  sanjeev,  thanks  for  sharing  it  looks  like  these  types  of  smart  energy  management  tools  youre  talking  about  are  the  ones  that  would  be  installed  monitored  by  a  facility  manager  or  energy  manager  who  works  at  the  building  site.  what  about  the  utility  side  of  things?  are  utilities  involved  in  this
__label__energymonitoringmanagement process,  should  they  be  pushing  building  owners  to  embrace  these  types  of  tools,  and  how  can  they  get  involved?  the  energy  central  power  industry  network  is  based  on  one  core  idea  power  industry  professionals  helping  each  other  and  advancing  the  industry  by  sharing  and  learning  from  each  other.  if  you  have  an  experience  or  insight  to  share  or  have  learned  something  from  a  conference  or  seminar,  your  peers  and  colleagues  on  energy  central  want  to  hear  about  it.  its  also  easy  to  share  a  link  to  an  article  youve  liked  or  an  industry  resource  that  you  think  would  be  helpful.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement your  access  to  member  features  is  limited.  grant  county  public  utility  district  ephrata,  wa  the  energy  authority  jacksonville,  florida  bhi  energy  florida  pacificorp  klamath  falls,  oregon  florida  power  light  company  fpl  multiple,  florida  central  virginina  electric  coooperative  lovingston,  virginia  lcec  lee  county  electric  cooperative,  inc.  north  fort  myers,  fl  connexus  energy  ramsey,  minnesota  city  of  dover  dover,  delaware  city  of  dover  dover,  delaware  city  of  dover  dover,  delaware  bhi  energy  texas  multiple  locations  city  of  dover  dover,  delaware  duck  river  electric  shelbyville,  tennessee  pacificorp  albany  or  lincoln,  city,  oregon  pacificorp  lincoln  city,  oregon
__label__energymonitoringmanagement no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  previous  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  how  to  leverage  iot  for  smart  energy  management  energy  management  has  become  vital  for  both  utilities  and  facilities  with  the  evergrowing  demand  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  supply.  also,  the  rise  in  the  cost  of  commercial  energy  and  carbon  footprint  is  making  businesses  optimize  their  energy  usage.  hence,  its  requisite  to  make  energy  management  systems  more  efficient  with  the  help  of  technological  advances  for  the  advancement  of  your  business.  getting  useful  insights  based  on  iotbased  energy  systems  for  monitoring  and  controlling  would  help  to  manage  energy  usage,  enhance  efficiency,  support  to  conserve  energy,  safeguard  compliance  and  ecological  conventions.  the  evolution  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  revolutionized  energy  management  systems  for  proper  energy  utilization.  iot  is  considered  to  play  a  pivotal  role  in  turning  these
__label__energymonitoringmanagement smarter  in  the  near  future.  each  device  can  be  connected  to  a  network,  and  a  variety  of  information  can  be  collected  from  these  connected  devices.  the  information  from  all  the  connected  devices  is  gathered  on  a  central  system  usually  in  the  cloud  for  further  analysis.  data  scientists  use  this  information  and  run  it  through  algorithms  and  other  to  study  the  energy  usage  patterns  of  a  particular  scenario.  further,  ml  algorithms  and  ai  capabilities  of  the  incorporated  system  can  visualize  the  data  to  give  useful  insights  for  taking  intelligent  actions  for  operational  parameters  in  different  scenarios.  once  you  have  installed  sensors
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  devices  creating  the  internet  of  things,  one  of  the  primary  uses  is  in  creating  a  smart  lighting  system  for  personal  usage  at  your  home  or  a  business  purpose  at  your  office  premises.  the  internet  of  things  is  enabling  energy  efficiencies  while  creating  a  new  way  for  energy  conservation.  this  will  allow  you  for  the  efficient  utilization  of  energy  utilization  at  minimum  costs.  the  smart  lighting  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  usd  8.14  billion  by  2020,  at  a  cagr  of  22.07  between  2015  and  2020.  marketsandmarkets  learn  how  to  create  a  smart  energy  management  system.  connect  with  our  experts
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sense  installs  in  your  homes  electrical  panel  and  provides  insight  into  your  energy  use  and  home  activity  through  our  ios,  android,  and  web  apps.  it  really  does  with  energy  insights  from  sense,  real  users  reportsavingsthat  show  sense  can  pay  for  itself.  browse  or  search  to  see  the  simpleand  sometimes  amazing  ways  users  have  saved.  space  heater  our  renters  were  using  a  space  heater  in  their  trailer  at  night,  instead  of  their  propane  heat.  neither  we  nor  they  realized  exactly  how  much  that  was  costing  until  we  installed  sense  water  heater  i  found  out  our  20yearold  resistance  electric  water  heater  would
__label__energymonitoringmanagement run  for  an  hour  or  2  at  900  watts.  i  researched  water  heaters  and  found  one  that  runs  like  a  heat  pump  using  about  heat  pump  thermal  zone  we  started  seeing  an  increase  in  our  power  bills  over  the  summer  months  of  2017.  it  had  increased  by  150,  then  up  300  more,  by  the  end  of  the  summer  we  had  a  900  power  bill  see  how  much  electricity  youre  using,  what  time  your  kids  got  home,  or  when  a  basement  light  comes  on.  sense  identifies  patterns  in  your  energy  use  to  help  your  family  be  more  efficient,  informed,  and  secure.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement measure  solar  production  versus  power  consumption.  see  which  appliances  use  the  most  energy  and  how  much  theyre  actually  costing  you.  track  watts  like  footsteps  or  milespergallon.  sense  is  a  small  but  powerful  computer  installed  in  your  electrical  panel  by  a  licensed  electrician,  usually  in  less  than  30  minutes.  using  two  clampon  sensors  and  a  240v  breaker,  the  sense  monitor  samples  current  and  voltage  one  million  times  per  second  to  determine  where  your  energy  is  going.  built  by  the  same  team  that  brought  speech  recognition  technology  to  market.  we  made  it  possible  for  people  to  talk  to  their  cell  phones.  now,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement were  making  it  possible  for  people  to  talk  to  their  homes.  time  magazine  no.  there  is  only  a  onetime  cost  for  the  sense  energy  monitor.  use  of  thesense  mobile  and  web  apps  is  included.  new  features  and  enhancements  are  free  via  app  updates  and  overtheair  software  upgrades.  with  just  two  clampon  current  sensors,  the  sense  home  energy  monitor  takes  current  and  voltage  measurements  over  1  million  times  every  second.  from  this  incrediblyhighresolution  data,  it  derives  the  electrical  signatures  of  individual  devices.  in  comparison,  most  high  resolution  smart  meters  only  take  measurements  every  couple  of  secondshardly  real  time  you  can  read
__label__energymonitoringmanagement more  about  how  sense  works  in  this  .  within  the  first  week  of  installation,  sense  should  be  able  to  find  some  common  devices  that  cycle  on  and  off  frequently,  like  your  refrigerator  or  microwave.  some  devices  willtake  longer  to  identify,  until  the  algorithms  have  seen  enough  contextual  data  toreliably  detect  them.  there  are  devices  that  sense  wont  be  able  to  recognize  right  away,  but  as  more  sense  home  energy  monitors  are  installed  across  the  us  and  canada,  our  machine  learning  algorithms  will  have  more  data  to  generate  models  from,  and  the  device  detection  capabilities  will  just  keep  growing  most  likely
__label__energymonitoringmanagement your  incoming  solar  feed  must  connect  directly  into  your  main  electrical  panel,  either  through  a  breaker  or  a  serviceside  tap.  if  solar  is  set  up  in  a  subpanel,  the  incoming  solar  feed  should  be  within  46  of  the  main  panel.  this  will  allow  the  current  sensor  cable  to  reach  and  connect  to  the  sense  monitor  in  the  main  electrical  panel.  should  your  solar  feed  be  further  than  46  from  your  main  electrical  panel.  these  extensions  can  be  combined  to  achieve  larger  lengths,  but  the  maximum  length  should  be  no  more  than  80.  for  accurate  solar  production  readings,  there  should  not
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  any  other  live  circuits  connected  to  the  subpanel.  the  ,  or  you  can  .  if  you  arent  sure  if  your  particular  setup  will  work,  please  .  to  ensure  you  have  the  best  experience  with  sense,  the  following  compatibility  specifications  are  recommended:  your  home  has:  your  runs  on  ios  or  android  and  has  bluetooth  and  wifi  connectivity.  your  electrical  panel  :  for  more  information  on  electrical  panel  compatibility,  .  for  information  on  solar  system  compatibility,  take  a  .  in  addition  to  extensive  inhouse  testing,  the  sense  monitor  has  been  tested  to  ul  and  iec  standards  for  safety,  and  certified  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement etl/intertek  as  safe  to  install  in  your  home.  intertek  is  a  nationally  recognized  testing  laboratory  nrtl  and  the  etl  mark  is  functionally  equivalent  to  the  ul  mark.  sense,  if  properly  installed,  also  meets  all  requirements  laid  out  in  the  2017  national  electrical  code  nec.this  means  the  sense  home  energy  monitor  has  been  through  an  extensive  set  of  industry  standard  safety  tests  to  ensure  that  it  is  safe  to  use  when  plugged  into  electrical  power  and  safe  to  use  inside  an  electrical  panel.  per  section  312.8,the  sense  monitor  and  its  current  transformers  are  listed  as  a  system,  designed  for  field  installation
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  a  switch  enclosure.  sense  also  meets  fcc  class  b  standards  for  electromagnetic  interference.  all  electrical  devices  emit  electrical  noise  in  fact,  the  electrical  noise  emitted  by  the  devices  in  your  house  is  one  of  the  things  sense  uses  to  identify  them  and  the  fcc  has  a  strict  set  of  limits  and  requires  extensive  testing  to  make  sure  they  are  not  exceeded.  sense  has  passed  those  tests  and  should  not  cause  interference  with  other  devices  in  your  house.  certified  to  csa  std  c22.2  no.  610101  conforms  to  ul  std  610101  conforms  to  ul  std  610102032  conforms  to  can  ices3b/nmb3b  conforms
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  cispr  32  conforms  to  cispr  35  at  sense  we  take  security  very  seriously  and  we  do  everything  we  can  to  ensure  your  data  is  secure.  all  communications  between  the  sense  monitor,  the  sense  cloud  servers,  and  sense  apps  are  encrypted  with  aes  128bit  encryption  and  tls/ssl  https.  sense  uses  amazon  web  services  aws  for  cloud  servers  and  online  storage.personally  identifiable  information  like  email  address  and  account  information  is  stored  in  physically  separate  systems  from  any  application  data.  physical  security  is  managed  by  amazon  and  access  to  these  production  systems  is  limited  to  a  very  small  group  of  sense  engineering
__label__energymonitoringmanagement team  members.  automated  systems  process  the  data  collected  from  sense  monitors  to  detect  devices,  send  notifications,  generate  report  emails,  and  power  the  sense  apps.  sense  never  shares  any  of  this  data  with  3rd  parties  without  explicit  user  optin  on  a  casebycase  basis  for  example,  when  a  utility  wishes  to  provide  discounts/services  to  their  customers  in  exchange  for  sharing  limited  power  data.  sense  support  employees  will  on  occasion  need  to  access  some  of  this  data  to  troubleshoot  issues,  but  again  we  will  only  access  this  data  with  explicit  permission  from  you.  you  can  read  our  full  privacy  policy  .  sense  needs
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  see  devices  in  their  usual  context  with  their  regular  usage  pattern  to  be  able  to  accurately  identify  them.  that  means  that  training  sense  by  turning  devices  on/off  and  labeling  them  is  not  an  effective  method  to  help  sense  learn.  you  can  learn  more  about  the  challenges  of  implementing  a  learning  mode  .  while  you  cannot  train  sense  in  such  a  way,  we  have  introduced  a  variety  of  features  that  take  advantage  of  user  input  to  help  improve  device  detection  in  your  home  and  for  the  entire  userbase.  remember,  even  without  native  detections,  you  can  still  take  advantage  of  sense
__label__energymonitoringmanagement insights.  the  is  a  fantastic  tool  that  provides  a  realtime  view  of  your  energy  consumption.  try  turning  on  and  off  your  devices  while  watching  in  the  power  meter,  to  identify  how  much  they  consume.  you  can  do  the  same  for  the  in  your  home,  identifying  how  much  theyre  costing  you  every  day.  2019  sense
__label__energymonitoringmanagement by  there  are  quite  a  few  things  we  take  for  granted  in  our  daytoday  lives.  public  utilities  are  one  such  example.  we  assume  that  the  electricity  and  water  supply  will  be  at  our  disposal  24/7.  this  leads  to  wastage,  and  excessive  wastage  and  malpractice  lead  to  further  deterioration  of  the  environment.  thanks  to  the  awareness  around  climate  change  and  the  advancements  in  renewable  energy  sources,  we  are  in  a  better  position  to  safeguard  our  future  generations  by  ensuring  a  sustainable  supply  of  energy  for  our  daytoday  needs.  still,  a  lot  needs  to  be  done  toward  achieving  selfsustained  living  and  this
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  where  technology  can  help  us.  in  this  blog  post,  we  present  yet  another  amalgamation  of  things  that  can  be  managed  using  that  gamechanger,  the  internet  of  things.  in  this  case,  its  an  iot  energy  management  system  for  tracking  electricity  supply  and  consumption.  this  blog  post  was  originally  published  in  the  smart  energy  grids  are  already  in  place,  and  we  see  a  boom  in  this  space  with  innovative  business  models  like  energy  credits  which  can  immensely  benefit  the  consumers.  but  for  a  homeowner,  this  comes  with  the  added  complexity  of  having  to  install  more  components.  for  starters,  there  needs  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  a  renewable  source  of  energyeither  a  solar  panel  or  a  wind  turbinealong  with  an  energy  storage  system.  we  also  need  a  net  metering  system,  which  is  a  special  kind  of  electricity  meter  that  tracks  both  the  energy  consumption  as  well  as  the  generation  from  a  household  and  rolls  back  the  meter  in  case  of  excess  generation  given  back  to  the  grid.  a  lot  of  data  gets  generated  by  these  systems,  and  this  is  where  iot  can  help  in  harnessing  it  for  our  best  interests.  if  we  accumulate  this  per  household  data  and  combine  with  a  smart  grid,  then  there
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  potential  to  offer  insights  at  the  town  or  city  level,  which  can  help  in  framing  benevolent  policies  for  energy  security.  for  this  project,  we  have  tried  to  replicate  the  electricity  distribution  of  a  household  by  using  a  solar  panel,  a  few  appliances,  and  a  battery,  which  acts  as  the  electricity  supply  from  the  grid.  a  webbased  dashboard  acts  as  an  iot  energy  monitoring  system  and  tracks  the  whole  system  via  hosted  portal.  below  is  a  block  diagram  for  this  replicated  setup  for  a  single  household.  there  are  two  loads,  load  1  and  load  2,  representing  a  light  point  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  fan  point  in  the  house.  also,  there  are  three  sensors,  labeled  as  current  sensor  1,  current  sensor  2  and  current  sensor  3.  these  are  current  sensors  used  for  sensing  the  magnitude  of  current  through  the  various  paths  of  household  electricity  distribution.  the  data  captured  in  these  sensors  is  in  the  form  of  amperes,  which  is  the  unit  for  measuring  electric  current  passing  through  the  wire.  the  sensor  readings  are  accumulated  in  a  controller  arduino  yun  and  sent  to  the  bluemix  cloud  where  they  can  be  analyzed  via  a  dashboard.  note:  for  the  sake  of  simplicity,  this  setup  is  based
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  the  direct  current  dc  system,  as  opposed  to  the  alternating  current  ac  system  deployed  all  over  the  world  for  commercial  electricity  distribution.  using  the  current  sensors,  we  can  sense  a  few  meaningful  parameters  such  as  all  the  sensors  are  connected  to  arduino  yun  controller,  which  also  acts  as  an  energy  monitoring  unit.  it  takes  a  sample  of  the  sensor  readings  at  periodic  intervals  and  then  pushes  them  to  the  cloud.  to  do  this  reliably,  we  have  used  .  pubnub  provides  a  data  streaming  service  for  sending  data  across  the  internet  in  realtime,  with  the  utmost  reliability  and  security.  data
__label__energymonitoringmanagement storage  on  the  cloud  is  facilitated  by  the  ibm  dashdb  data  warehousing  technology.  both  pubnub  and  dashdb  are  available  as  services  within  the  ibm  bluemix  catalog  of  services.  there  are  three  components  in  this  project.  the  complete  source  code  along  with  build  and  configuration  details  are  available  the  project  on  github.  the  energy  monitoring  server  program  is  based  on  python  and  is  hosted  in  ibm  bluemix  platform.  this  application  also  relies  on  two  bluemix  services,  dashdb  and  pubnub.  dashdb  is  ibms  inhouse  database  platform  for  data  warehousing  needs.  pubnub  is  one  of  the  third  party  services  available  under  bluemix  catalog
__label__energymonitoringmanagement which  offers  a  realtime  messaging  service  over  the  internet.  refer  to  the  steps  in  file  to  understand  how  to  setup  and  host  a  python  application  under  bluemix  with  dashdb  pubnub.  the  source  code  for  this  energy  monitoring  server  is  located  under  directory  in  the  github  repository.  this  is  the  user  interface  for  monitoring  the  energy  consumption  of  the  model  electrical  network  used  for  this  project.  the  web  dashboard  is  hosted  on  bluemix,  as  part  of  the  server  application.  the  communication  between  a  web  client  and  energy  monitoring  server  is  orchestrated  via  pubnub.  the  source  code  of  web  dashboard  is  located
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  directory  under  the  github  repository.  the  electrical  network  is  modeled  using  a  solar  panel  supply  and  a  battery  supply  representing  the  actual  grid  supply.  two  loads,  a  light,  and  a  fan,  act  as  the  electrical  devices  whose  consumption  pattern  need  to  be  tracked.  three  sensors  are  connected  to  the  network,  and  their  measurements  are  fed  to  the  arduino  yun  controller.  here  is  the  schematic  diagram  of  this  project.  the  battery  charging  circuit  in  this  schematic  represents  the  part  of  the  electrical  network  which  gives  back  excess  energy  generated  from  the  solar  panel,  back  to  the  grid  the  battery  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement our  case.  this  happens  when  the  energy  consumed  by  the  loads  is  less  than  what  is  generated  from  the  solar  panels.  the  arduino  yun  runs  an  openwrt  linux  images  which  continuously  monitors  the  sensor  readings  and  pushes  them  to  the  energy  monitoring  server  every  second.  pubnub  also  orchestrates  the  communication  between  arduino  yun  and  the  energy  monitoring  server.  the  source  code  for  the  program  running  under  arduino  yun  is  located  under  directories  under  the  github  repository.  pubnub  acts  as  the  communication  middleware  for  the  entire  system.  it  provides  a  cloudbased  realtime  data  stream  network  which  supports  more  than  ,  such
__label__energymonitoringmanagement that  it  can  enable  any  device  to  communicate  with  any  other  device  on  the  internet.  this  application  uses  three  of  pubnubs  sdks  for  all  components  to  seamlessly  communicate  with  each  other.  these  are:  the  hardware  and  overall  electrical  network  setup  of  this  project  is  a  little  complex  than  the  usual.  to  simplify  things,  we  can  divide  it  into  four  steps.  refer  the  section  under  readme  file  to  see  how  the  hardware  is  built.  once  everything  is  setup  regarding  the  hardware,  we  have  to  ensure  that  our  energy  monitoring  server  and  its  associated  services  are  up  on  bluemix  dashboard.  now  we
__label__energymonitoringmanagement are  all  set.  fire  up  the  circuit.  launch  the  web  dashboard,  and  we  are  all  set  to  track  the  energy  consumption  and  generation  status  of  this  system.  this  is  the  model  iot  energy  management  system  in  action  as  you  can  see,  the  sensor  gauges  show  the  readings  of  the  total  energy  generated  from  the  solar  panel,  total  energy  given  back  to  the  grid  and  total  energy  consumed  by  the  loads.  with  the  light  on,  the  energy  consumed  is  less  than  generated  by  the  solar  cell.  hence  the  grid  supply  is  not  utilized.  but  with  both  light  and  the  fan  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  state,  the  consumption  exceeds  the  generation  and  hence  the  grid  is  called  into  action.  why  would  you  want  to  track  energy?  apart  from  the  obvious  reasons  of  monitoring  and  auditing,  there  are  some  practical  benefits  of  this.  proactive  tracking  preventive  maintenance  fault  identification  monetization  this  project  portrays  the  possibilities  of  a  connected  economy  of  essential  services.  with  every  industry  getting  revitalized  with  the  new  landscape  of  business  and  service  model  possibilities,  electricity  supply  and  other  utilities  industries  are  also  evolving  towards  a  smarter  world.  be  leveraging  the  ibm  bluemix  ecosystem,  we  have  shown  you  how  we  can  elevate  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement concept  of  connectedness  to  a  new  level  and  assist  enterprises  and  utility  service  providers  to  scale  up  their  offerings  as  per  the  trends.  this  is  also  an  exciting  area  for  ibm  watson  as  the  amount  of  data  generated  is  huge  and  deriving  practical  benefits  of  energy  tracking  from  that  data  could  become  the  real  game  changer  in  the  medium  to  longterm.  surya  is  a  hardware  buff  and  tinkerer  who  loves  all  the  stuff  around  iot.  he  is  a  specialist  in  building  proofofconcepts  around  electronic  hardware  and  conceptualizing  use  cases  and  solutions  for  internet  of  things.  when  not  working  with  hardware,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement surya  can  still  be  found  fiddling  with  some  crazy  hardware  design,  trying  to  bring  out  an  idea  out  of  a  raw  circuit.  combining  blockchain  with  genome  identification  for  cannabis  how  to  make  your  smart  bin  smarter  with  ibm  bluemix  saving  dogs  with  ibm  watson  visual  recognition  model  iot  application  for  tracking  kitchen  inventory  microservice  in  action  :  build  a  weather  enabled  chat  build  a  realtime  recommendation  engine  with  ibm  bluemix  and  pubnub  part  2  nice  artical  sir,  very  usefull  your  post  thanks  for  information  provide  wonderful  article.  got  new  info  from  this  blog.  thanks  for  information  provide  waiting  for  your
__label__energymonitoringmanagement next  post..  great  work  thanks  a  ton  arjun  radiostudio  is  technology  innovation  studio  specialized  in  conceptualizing  tech  enabled  ideas,  use  cases  solutions  using  emerging  technologies.  our  award  winning  services  have  delivered  some  of  the  best  technology  showcases  across  internet  of  things,  cloud  computing,  machine  learning,  blockchain  web  3.0  technologies.  follow  us  2015  2019,  radiostudio  tech.  pvt.  ltd.  opc,  all  rights  reserved  session  expired  the  login  page  will  open  in  a  new  window.  after  logging  in  you  can  close  it  and  return  to  this  page.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  energy  needs  grow,  so  do  issues  concerning  increased  consumption,  including  aging  infrastructures  and  rising  consumer  expectations.  with  telitenabled  iot  solutions  for  smart  energy  and  utilities,  you  can  connect  energy  assets  and  integrate  them  into  your  existing  it  infrastructure.  convenient  access  to  machine  and  consumer  usage  information  enables  you  to  make  smarter  decisions  about  energy  distribution  while  enabling  your  customers  to  do  the  same.  optimize  energy  distribution,  reduce  operating  expenses,  and  improve  customer  service  with  clear  visibility  of  power  usage.  make  better  use  of  energy  supply  by  optimizing  electricity  generation  and  distribution  while  lowering  operating  costs.  gain  greater  insight  into
__label__energymonitoringmanagement infrastructure  health  to  fix  problems  faster  and  more  efficiently  while  maintaining  optimal  functionality.  leverage  smart  energy  technology  to  improve  power  reliability  and  distributed  demand  response.  telit  enables  iot  solutions  that  are  designed  to  help  you  optimize  energy  utilization.  iotza:  powering  iotenabled  smart  building  innovations  we  are  impressed  by  acclaim  energy  advisors  monitoring  realtime  consumption  data  across  entire  power  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside  out.  hit  enter  to  search  or  esc  to  close  knowledge  base  download  zone
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  process  that  includes  planning  management  of  your  energy  consumption  patterns  in  commercial  industrial  sectors.  our  energy  management  solution  takes  complete  control  of  your  energy  data  at  a  fundamental  granular  level  while  reducing  your  energy  costs.  energy  is  one  of  the  crucial  resources  for  any  business.  rising  energy  costs,  increasing  demand,  volatile  energy  markets,  and  strict  enforcement  of  government  policies  are  some  of  the  propelling  factors  that  have  led  many  organizations  to  find  smart  ways  for  monitoring,  controlling,  and  saving  energy.  monitoring  energy  usage  across  your  whole  organization  is  a  daunting  task  and  often  ends  up  in  silos  of  data.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  todays  connected  world,  the  energy  future  will  be  inexorably  linked  to  internet  of  things  iot.the  need  of  the  hour  is  an  intelligent  energy  management  system  enms  that  can  contribute  towards  cutting  the  costs,  improving  efficiency,  and  meeting  your  energy  demands.  webnms  iot  energy  management  solution  is  the  panacea  for  customers  woes  and  an  enabler  of  digital  transformation.our  solution  can  be  utilized  to  better  manage  your  energy  consumption  patterns  in  commercial  and  industrial  sectors  by  taking  complete  control  of  your  energy  data  at  a  fundamental  and  granular  level.  reduced  energy  bills  increased  energy  efficiency  reduced  opex  quicker  roi  reduced  carbon
__label__energymonitoringmanagement footprints  enables  statutory  compliances  our  intelligent  energy  management  system  is  designed  to  optimize  energy  consumption  thereby  improving  utilization,reducing  costs,  predicting  maintenance  needs,  and  increasing  the  reliability  of  energy  assets.  it  meticulously  acquires  energy  data  which  can  enable  enterprises  to  illustrate  dynamic  performance  against  defined  targets  to  identify  deviations.  this  in  turn,  will  ensure  well  managed  and  controlled  operation  to  deliver  the  most  energy  emission  efficient  level  of  productivity.  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  takes  greater  control  over  energy  costs  and  provides  reliable  energy  supply  for  consumers.our  solution  facilitates  effective  digitization  visualization  with  granular  assetlevel  energy  data  starting  from  buildinglevel,  floorlevel,  etc.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement or  buildingwise,  floorwise  etc.,.in  addition,  it  also  helps  you  in  efficient  billing  and  energy  planning.  triggers  timely  alerts  and  prompts  in  case  of  abnormalities  or  critical  issues  via  automated  sms  or  mail  for  escalations.  it  precisely  detects  faults  and  segregates  it  as  major  and  minor  issues  for  om.  our  solutionhelps  enable  compliance  with  different  energy  management  regulations  like  iso  50001  power  quality  issues  are  not  always  easy  to  spot  but  they  do  affect  multiple  aspects  of  your  business.  poor  power  quality  may  reduce  efficiency,  cause  higher  energy  costs,  and  expensive  asset  downtime.  poor  power  quality  also  spells  higher  costs  due
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  penalties.  our  solution  helps  you  to  identify  power  quality  problems  like  harmonics,  voltage  sags,  swells,  etc.  gaining  intelligence  and  control  will  help  you  to  reduce  downtime,  extend  asset  lifetime,  lower  costs,  and  improve  energy  efficiency.  our  solution  provides  transparent  insights  into  the  critical  energy  parameters  such  as  power  interruption  patterns,  voltage  frequency  trends,  pf,  etc.analytics  adds  intelligence  to  this  data  making  it  decisionable,  enabling  realtime  alerting,  predictive  maintenance,  automate  optimization,  etc.  a  unified  console  for  device  management  enables  youtoconfigure,  monitor,  and  manage  hundreds  of  sensors  and  gateways  located  at  different  geolocations  seamlessly.  collection  processing  the  energy  consumption  dataallows  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement calculation  of  demand  and  peak  demand  for  individual  assets  and  the  entire  facility.  our  solution  allows  you  to  continuously  monitor  the  demand  loads  of  your  facility.  by  closely  monitoring  your  demand  levels,  and  alerting  on  preset  thresholds,  you  can  greatly  reduce  the  chances  of  incurring  costly  critical  peak  charges  from  your  power  provider  which  helps  you  to  lower  your  monthly  demand  bills.  automatedhourly/daily/monthly  customizable  reports  on  energy  usage  and  consumption  helps  you  to  remotely  identify  proactively  assess  issues  to  reduce  maintenance  costs  and  extend  asset  life.  available  down  to  subcircuit  and  socket  level,  our  solution  provides  metering  solutions  for  both
__label__energymonitoringmanagement easily  install  systems  that  show  your  buildings  energy  usage  per  panel  or  device.  never  be  surprised  by  your  energy  bill  again.  find  out  where  you  can  reduce  operating  costs  in  time  to  make  changes.  use  our  cuttingedge  technology  to  get  alerts  to  reduce  peak  demand  based  on  forecasted  energy  use  or  continuously  monitor  equipment  for  anomalous  behavior.  track  your  energy  consumption  with  smart  sensors.  simply  clamp  our  sensors  onto  electrical  circuits  to  start  tracking  your  energy  consumption.  the  sensors  measures  electricity  usage  and  sends  the  data  securely  over  wifi  or  verizon  4g/lte  to  the  cloud.  approved  and  compliant  with  international
__label__energymonitoringmanagement standards:  ul,  ce,  fcc  part  15  class  a,  tuv  certified.  works  for  all  kinds  of  buildings  breaker  boxes,  subpanels,  switch  gears,  or  mains.  can  be  mounted  externally  outside.  takes  only  30120  minutes  for  a  licensed  electrician  to  install.  data  is  available  24/7  from  any  desktop,  laptop,  tablet,  or  smartphone.  once  connected,  our  smart  sensors  charge  directly  from  the  circuit  panels.  one  gateway  with  42  sensors  consume  less  than  10  watts,  equivalent  to  a  home  router.  never  worry  about  recharging.  in  under  1  minute  get  a  quote  by  clicking  .  verdigris  is  an  iot  smart  electrical  meter.  a  system  can  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement installed  on  a  panel  in  30  minutes  and  begin  sending  data  immediately  to  help  you  reduce  wasted  energy  spending.  see  detailed  hardware  and  software  specifications  verdigris  has  reduced  energy  spend  for  customers  by  20  50.  we  offer  unique  capabilities  not  found  in  other  energy  meter  solutions.  measuring  8,000  times  per  second  allows  us  to  detect  what  other  systems  miss.  we  have  unique  data  streams  such  as  power  quality  and  total  harmonic  distortion.  we  have  the  lowest  cost  per  metered  endpoint  compared  to  other  energy  monitoring  solutions.  use  this  chart  to  see  if  verdigris  is  right  for  you  :  see  more
__label__energymonitoringmanagement detail  on  what  makes  verdigris  unique  and  how  customers  have  used  verdigris  it  typically  varies  from  1  10  systems  depending  on  the  granularity  of  electrical  data  you  want.  get  a  detailed  system  count  .  we  also  have  example  deployments  .  please  see  our  video  series  .  you  can  also  see  our  or  installation  manual.  2019  verdigris  technologies,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  2018,  the  global  energy  management  systems  market  at  25.88  billion  and  was  expected  to  grow  with  a  cagr  of  13.78  percent  over  the  forecast  period  of  2019  to  2024.  the  rise  of  iot  technology  is  the  most  significant  revolution  in  the  everemerging  energy  management  process.  growing  inclination  towards  green  energy,  carbon  footprint  management,  government  mandates  and  policies  are  the  prime  factors  augmenting  the  market  growth.  till  now,  what  refraining  enterprises  from  adopting  iot  technology  was  the  high  iot  project  deployment  cost  and  nonstandardized  guidelines.  helps  energy  distributors  in  reducing  their  operational  expenses  and  planning  for  peak  demands.  these  systems
__label__energymonitoringmanagement are  crucial  for  companies  whose  energy  supply  is  arranged  and  managed  by  special  contracts.  according  to  a  report,  as  compared  to  typical  commercial  buildings.  a  holistic  picture  of  a  buildings  energy  consumption  can  be  seen  when  the  sensors  and  devices  start  collecting  data  related  to  building  surroundings,  traffic,  and  more.  this  system  automatically  adjusts  building  temperature,  lighting,  and  ventilation.  by  utilizing  the  iot  powered  energy  management  system,  the  building  managers  can  reduce  energy  consumption  without  sacrificing  comfort  for  the  occupants.  while  the  implementation  cost  of  iot  powered  energy  management  systems  may  seem  very  high,  the  return  on  investment  roi  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement rapid.  the  realtime  field  data  help  utility  providers  in  improving  their  operational  efficiency  by  reducing  the  man  hours  requirement  for  energy  management  tasks.  the  energy  management  software  automates  the  manual  processes  which  require  a  significant  number  of  manhours.  time  consuming  jobs  such  as  meter  readings  and  power  generation/distribution  are  handled  by  the  system,  eliminating  the  need  for  manual  work  and  ensuring  accurate,  realtime  readings.  it  needs  a  strategic  and  comprehensive  approach  to  reduce  your  energy  cost.  while  an  enterprise  can  reduce  the  energy  requirement  during  key  times  when  the  cost  per  unit  is  high,  but  it  isnt  enough.  the  potential
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  minimizing  the  energy  bills  remains  untouched.  by  utilizing  an  iot  powered  energy  management  system,  the  enterprises  can  have  a  holistic  view  of  every  aspect  of  energy  consumption.  the  energy  consumption  data,  ingested  throughout  the  time,  helps  enterprises  in  uncovering  patterns.  they  can  analyze  which  locations  have  the  highest/lowest  energy  bills  and  how  to  optimize  it.  they  can  even  plan  for  better  demand  response  dr  strategy  for  a  daily  basis  and  can  also  leverage  the  seasonal  trends  in  energy  prices.  the  adoption  of  technology  optimizes  energy  consumption.  lower  the  consumption  lower  the  energy  production,  which  ultimately  results  in  less  carbon
__label__energymonitoringmanagement footprint.  iot  technology  also  helps  utility  providers  as  well  as  enterprises  in  maximizing  their  renewable  energy  production,  reducing  the  carbon  emissions  even  further.  it  is  a  winwin  situation  for  the  enterprises  as  they  can  save  money  with  reduced  energy  cost  while  keeping  up  with  their  social  corporate  responsibility  csr.  whether  you  are  a  business  owner  who  is  looking  forward  to  cutting  down  the  energy  bills  or  you  are  an  owner  of  an  energy  utility  provider,  running  multiple  energy  generation  plants  and  are  willing  to  automate  your  operations,  there  is  an  iot  solution  to  fit  your  energy  management  needs.  investing  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  smart  energy  iot  initiatives  is  a  fruitful  idea  which  has  better  roi  prediction.  the  way  the  global  community  is  striving  to  make  their  operations  efficient  and  to  contribute  to  sustainability,  it  seems  that  the  iot  adoption  is  going  to  rise  with  an  exponential  rate.  business  is  seeking  opportunities  to  adopt  iot  to  make  their  operations  efficient,  and  you  still  have  a  chance  to  be  one  of  the  early  adopters  and  hold  the  competitive  advantage.  about  the  author:  is  a  digital  marketer  and  currently  working  with  .  he  is  passionate  about  disruptive  technologies  such  as  the  internet  of  things  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement keeps  on  exploring  the  possibilities  unleashed  by  the  technological  disruption.  at  biz4intellia,  madhukar  is  focused  on  spreading  the  awareness  about  the  iot  implementation  in  different  industry  verticals.  zzzatitlezzzbeg  zzzatitlezzzend  band  14  coverage  expansion  over  75  percent  complete,  att  says,  with  10,000  public  safety  subscribers  and  more  than  a  million  connections  in  service.  wibusystems  recently  announced  its  support  for  the  integration  of  its  codemeter  solution  into  the  artiminds  industrial  robot  programming  software  sui  scott  jenson,  product  strategy  at  google  will  share  his  insight  on  the  internet  of  things  industry  at  the  florida  event  in  february.  cyril  perducat,  evp  of  iot  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement digital  offers  at  schneider  electric  will  share  his  insight  on  transforming  industry  with  digital  services:  a  collabora  for  too  long,  we  have  drawn  an  artificial  line  between  content  and  data,  as  well  as  between  unstructured  and  structured  information.  get  insight  on  the  massive  opportunity  to  increase  the  productivity  and  efficiency  of  your  manufacturing  and  production  processes.  to  keep  up  with  industrial  iot  news,  subscribe  now.  2019  all  rights  reserved
__label__energymonitoringmanagement considering  utilizing  solar  power  for  your  buildings  energy  needs  and  potentially  generating  additional  revenue  by  selling  some  of  that  power  back  to  the  utility?  youre  in  good  companyits  estimated  that  solar  panels  will  be  installed  every  hour  over  the  next  five  years  worldwide.  among  the  many  decisions  youll  be  making  with  regard  to  your  solar  power  system  is  how  to  approach  monitoring.  monitoring  is  a  critical  component  of  any  system,  and  contributes  to  its  overall  cost  and  effectiveness.  this  article  discusses  solar  energy  monitoring  systems  using  the  internet  of  things  iothow  they  work,  the  kind  of  data  youll  get  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement using  them,  and  how  to  monitor  costeffectively  and  reliably.  almost  every  installation  comes  with  a  solar  power  monitoring  device,  because  its  important  to  stay  informed  about  what  the  system  is  producing  and  how  well  its  performing.  whether  youre  using  the  energy  to  power  your  own  building  or  selling  the  extra  energy  for  a  fixed  price  to  a  utility  company,  you  need  to  know  when  something  goes  wrong  so  you  can  address  the  problem  quicklyand  continue  to  derive  the  maximum  benefit  from  your  investment.  picture  a  solar  array  on  a  roof  or  in  a  field.  its  made  up  of  thousands  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement solar  panels,  all  of  which  are  independently  producing  some  amount  of  electricity.  all  of  them  are  wired  together  back  to  a  central  point,  where  solar  inverters  convert  the  direct  current  dc  energy  produced  by  the  panels  into  alternating  current  ac  energy  that  can  be  used  to  power  building  components.  to  monitor  various  aspects  of  this  process,  most  systems  take  advantage  of  a  network  of  wired  sensors.  the  success  of  your  monitoring  system  depends  in  part  on  the  reliability  of  your  communication  networkhow  well  and  dependably  the  gateway  can  transmit  information  to  the  cloud.  if  for  some  reason  the  network  fails,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement your  devices  wont  be  able  to  transmit  data,  which  could  cause  you  to  miss  important  data  indicating  performance  issues,  or  misinterpret  other  available  data.  to  date,  most  all  monitoring  systems  have  been  comprised  of  wired  sensors/components.  while  effective,  the  cost  and  maintenance  expense  has  limited  the  number  of  sensors  that  one  would  place  into  service  on  a  given  system.  with  wireless  iot  configurations,  hard  wire  costs  and  subsequent  maintenance  is  substantially  reduced,  allowing  for  a  higher  level  of  data  collection,  monitoring  capabilities,  and  subsequent  learning/ai  applications.  many  systems  rely  on  cellular  networks  or  wifi  to  communicate.  cellular  coverage  is  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement popular  choice  and  has  extensive  coverage  geographically,  but  its  also  fairly  costly.  and  wifi  presents  its  own  set  of  challenges  in  that  many  it  departments  hesitate  to  allow  thirdparty  iot  devices  on  their  networks  due  to  security  concerns.  solar  power  systems  for  commercial  use  often  come  with  a  subscription  component  for  a  monitoring  service  and/or  cellular  connection  as  part  of  the  package.  a  middleground  option  that  falls  somewhere  between  cellular  and  wifi  is  iotas  nationwide  .  designed  specifically  for  iot  connectivity,  it  functions  a  lot  like  wifi  but  has  a  much  broader  range.  it  also  avoids  the  security  issues  associated
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  wifi,  and  can  prove  in  many  cases  to  be  more  costeffective  than  cellular.  its  reliable,  scalable,  and  secure.  monitoring  systems  provide  a  wealth  of  information  about  the  performance  of  a  solar  system.  sensors  can  help  monitor  external  conditions  such  as:  they  also  measure  elements  surrounding  system  performance,  such  as:  this  monitor  graph  shows  actual  measured  ac  power  kw  with  a  blue  line,  modeled  ac  energy  kwh  with  a  green  line,  and  measured  ac  energy  kwh  with  orange  bars.  in  the  short  term,  monitoring  allows  you  to  see  when  some  element  of  the  system  isnt  working  properly  so  you  can
__label__energymonitoringmanagement correct  the  problem  as  soon  as  possible.  and  when  you  have  multiple  years  of  monitoring  data,  you  can  start  to  see  trends  regarding  solar  output  and  efficiency,  and  use  that  information  to  optimize  the  systems  overall  performance  and  even  its  maintenance  schedule.  for  example,  a  buildup  of  dirt  and  debris  on  panels  could  reduce  its  electric  power  generation  output;  by  looking  at  performance  and  maintenance  data  together  you  could  alter  the  cleaning  schedule  to  avoid  any  downturn  in  performance.  theres  a  lot  more  to  solar  than  solar  power  monitoring  devices.  if  youd  like  some  guidance  about  how  to  get  started
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  ,  you  can  our  team  of  experts  can  help  design  a  solar  project  that  meets  your  specific  financial  and  energy  objectives.  having  designed  and  installed  everything  from  pilot  projects  to  regional  rollouts,  we  can  help  you  every  step  of  the  wayfrom  creating  detailed  financial  models  to  customizing  a  solar  system  design  to  final  installation.  or,  if  you  have  an  existing  system,  about  our  for  your  solar  energy  monitoring  needs.  were  happy  to  help.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  care  to  share?  2111  e.  highland  ave,  suite  305  phoenix,  az  85016  645  hamilton  st,  suite  400  allentown,  pa
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 18101  tollfree  18557436478  general  information  iota  communications,  inc.  otc:  iotc  is  a  publicly  traded  leader  in  sustainable  energy,  energy  conservation  solutions,  and  iot  technology.  to  learn  more  about  our  corporate  governance  visit  our  .
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  eebus  initiative  unites  70  companies  in  a  common  goal:  to  bring  order  to  the  fragmented  energy  market.  to  achieve  this,  these  companies  are  jointly  iot  devices  a  common  language,  if  you  will,  that  ensures  seamless  interoperability.  wondering  what  applications  of  this  common  language  look  like  in  practice?  lets  take  a  look  the  goal  of  eebus  is  to  implement  a  standard  that  is  universally  applicable.  only  in  this  way  can  a  truly  common  language  for  the  energy  market  emerge.  eebus  has  therefore  defined  a  specification  known  as  .  this  specification  describes  use  cases  that  can  be  implemented  across  a  wide
__label__energymonitoringmanagement range  of  technology  platforms  and  communication  paths.  the  members  of  the  eebus  association  define  what  these  use  cases  look  like  and  specify  how  they  are  supposed  to  work.  they  then  validate  the  use  cases  in  so  called  plug  fests.  these  are  events  that  bring  together  members  of  the  ebbus  association  in  order  to  test  the  specification  under  live  conditions.  in  other  words,  the  plug  fests  are  used  as  proof  points  to  ensure  interoperability  between  the  devices  of  different  vendors.  overall,  this  approach  of  defining  and  then  validating  ensures  that  the  use  cases  are  fully  ready  when  companies  want  to  implement
__label__energymonitoringmanagement them  in  iot  deployments.  as  the  various  use  cases  show,  the  standard  defined  by  eebus  is  mainly  geared  toward  the  energy  and  smart  home  markets.  at  present,  implementation  of  this  standard  is  focusing  on  four  fields:  emobility,  hvac,  white  goods,  and  the  power  grid.inverter  integration,  extended  battery  management  and  more  are  to  come.  generally  speaking,  the  focus  of  the  different  use  cases  lies  on  monitoring  and  configuring  different  systems  as  well  as  energy  management.  the  rise  of  emobility  is  leading  to  changes  in  not  only  the  automotive  industry  but  also  the  energy  sector.  in  the  future,  the  question  of  how
__label__energymonitoringmanagement best  to  manage  the  recharging  of  electric  vehicles  will  become  a  key  issue.  eebus  has  therefore  defined  a  couple  of  use  cases  in  regard  to  emobility.  a  simple  one  concerns  overload  protection.  charging  an  electric  vehicle  draws  substantial  power.  this  can  become  a  problem  when  a  lot  of  other  devices  are  using  electricity  at  the  same  time.  to  avoid  overloading  the  system  and  blowing  fuses,  the  power  used  for  charging  an  electric  vehicle  can  be  automatically  reduced,  if  need  be.  eebus  also  describes  a  way  of  increasing  efficiency  by  intelligently  managing  the  charging  process.  say  you  use  a  photovoltaic  system
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  generate  your  own  electricity.  in  this  case,  you  will  likely  want  to  use  this  power  to  charge  your  vehicle,  rather  than  drawing  it  from  the  public  grid.  this  is  something  a  connected  system  based  on  the  ebbus  standard  could  enable.  it  would  thereby  give  preference  to  the  power  generated  by  your  photovoltaic  system  for  charging  your  car.  eebus  can  also  come  into  play  when  drawing  electricity  from  the  public  grid.  in  this  scenario,  the  recharging  process  can  be  coordinated  with  the  energy  provider.  on  the  one  hand,  the  energy  provider  can  react  to  any  signs  of  overloading.  on  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement other  hand,  car  owners  can  opt  to  recharge  at  offpeak  times,  saving  money  in  the  process.  heating,  ventilation,  and  airconditioning  systems  often  draw  a  lot  of  power.  in  other  words,  smart  management  of  their  power  consumption  makes  a  lot  of  sense.  for  starters,  a  system  based  on  the  eebus  standard  would  enable  various  monitoring  use  cases.  for  example,  it  would  be  possible  to  keep  an  eye  on  system  functions  and  power  consumption.  you  can  also  monitor  temperatures  room  temperature,  for  instance.  using  this  information,  it  would  then  be  possible  to  make  adjustments  again  based  on  standardized  use  cases  provided  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement eebus.  these  would  allow  you  to  configure  the  system  settings  for  example,  switch  the  air  conditioning  on  or  off  or  set  the  desired  temperature.  a  more  sophisticated  use  case  is  called  smart  start.  this  is  all  about  optimizing  energy  consumption  and  reducing  costs  in  the  process.  its  similar  to  the  scenario  described  in  relation  to  emobility,  where  the  vehicle  recharging  process  is  coordinated  with  the  energy  provider.  in  this  case,  however,  smart  start  would  ensure  that  the  hvac  system  is  only  activated  at  offpeak  times  for  producing,  for  example,  hot  water.  the  same  smart  start  concept  from  the  hvac  domain
__label__energymonitoringmanagement can  also  be  used  for  white  goods.  for  example,  a  dishwasher  could  be  set  to  start  at  times  when  the  power  grid  is  less  heavily  utilized,  thereby  leading  to  reduced  costs.  in  addition  to  this  timebased  approach,  there  is  also  the  option  of  direct  control.  in  the  event  of  grid  issues,  the  utility  company  could  ask  your  energy  manager  at  home  to  increase  or  decrease  energy  consumption.  the  energy  manager  at  home  would  then  influence  the  energy  consumption  of,  say,  the  fridge  or  freezer  by  increasing  or  decreasing  temperature  within  a  given  bandwidth.  in  this  way,  load  peaks  could  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement balanced  out.  eebus  also  defines  a  range  of  use  cases  that  mainly  have  to  do  with  monitoring  different  aspects  of  the  electricity  grid.  these  include  an  application  to  monitor  power  data  at  the  point  where  the  public  grid  feeds  into  the  local  network  on  your  premises.  this  not  only  shows  how  much  power  is  fed  in  but  also  provides  an  overview  of  overall  power  consumption.  at  the  same  time,  it  is  also  possible  to  monitor  the  status  of  a  home  battery  for  instance,  its  charge  state.  and  if  you  have  a  photovoltaic  system,  you  can  also  keep  tabs  on  this
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  see,  for  example,  how  much  energy  it  is  currently  producing.  how  standards  like  eebus  make  the  make  the  energy  transition  a  reality.  take  a  closer  look  at  the  eebus  initiative.  osgi  is  taking  up  the  cause  of  ensuring  interoperability  across  a  broad  variety  of  devices.  kai  hackbarth  explains.  find  out  why  osgi  and  the  iot  are  a  perfect  match.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  website  collects  personal  data  and  uses  cookies  to  improve  services.  by  using  this  site,  you  agree  to  our  .  energy  is  a  very  important  aspect  for  any  household,  industries,  agriculture  and  so  on.  managing  the  energy  efficiently  and  conserving  it  intelligently  for  appliances  is  very  important.  the  energy  usage  is  directly  affected  by  coal,  oil  and  power  generation.  due  to  this,  there  has  been  lot  of  research  work  carried  out  in  developing  some  smart  lighting  systems  pertaining  to  classrooms  for  conserving  energy.  researchers  have  developed  android  based  smarthome  systems  for  monitoring  the  usage  of  power  to  avoid  any  kind
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  anomaly.  researchers  have  worked  toward  automating  appliance  control  to  conserve  energy.  most  of  them  concentrate  on  controlling  the  appliances  using  android  devices.  with  upcoming  machinetomachine  communication  where  devices  can  be  connected  wirelessly  leading  to  iot,  we  have  developed  an  iotbased  smart  energy  management  system  where  appliances  like  fans  and  bulbs  to  start  with  are  controlled  wirelessly  based  on  humidity  and  light  intensity  information.  these  inputs  are  used  for  controlling  appliances  intelligently  rather  than  just  switching  on  or  off.  in  addition,  the  system  also  keeps  computing  power  consumption  of  the  appliances  throughout  the  day,  which  helps  the  user  know  how
__label__energymonitoringmanagement much  power  is  being  consumed  for  how  long.  these  details  are  updated  in  the  cloud  server.  this  prototype  system  developed  has  achieved  energy  conservation  in  every  household.  energy  is  one  of  the  crucial  resources  for  any  business.  rising  energy  costs,  increasing  demand,  volatile  energy  markets,  and  strict  enforcement  of  government  policies  are  some  of  the  propelling  factors  that  have  led  many  organizations  to  find  smart  ways  for  monitoring,  controlling,  and  saving  energy.  monitoring  energy  usage  across  your  whole  organization  is  a  daunting  task  and  often  ends  up  in  an  excess  of  data.  in  todays  connected  world,  the  energy  future  will
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  inexorably  linked  to  internet  of  things  iot.the  need  of  the  hour  is  an  intelligent  energy  management  system  enms  that  can  contribute  to  cutting  the  costs,  improving  efficiency,  and  meeting  your  energy  demands.  iot  energy  management  solution  is  the  solution  to  customers  woes  and  an  enabler  of  digital  transformation.our  solution  can  be  utilized  to  better  manage  your  energy  consumption  patterns  in  commercial  and  industrial  sectors  by  taking  complete  control  of  your  energy  data  at  a  fundamental  and  granular  level.  energy  savings  are  realized  through  enhanced  visibility.  data  visibility  drives  appropriate  energy  saving  actions,  thereby  achieving  organizational  objectives.  our  intelligent  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement management  system  is  designed  to  optimize  energy  consumption  thereby  improving  utilization,  reducing  costs,  predicting  maintenance  needs,  and  increasing  the  reliability  of  energy  assets.  it  meticulously  acquires  energy  data,  which  can  enable  enterprises  to  illustrate  dynamic  performance  against  defined  targets  to  identify  deviations.  this  in  turn,  will  ensure  well  managed  and  controlled  operation  to  deliver  the  most  energy  and  emission  efficient  level  of  productivity.  measurement  can  range  from  only  utility  meters  for  small  organizations  up  to  complete  monitoring  and  measurement  systems  connected  to  a  software  application  capable  of  consolidating  data  and  delivering  automatic  analysis.  it  is  up  to  the  organization  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement determine  the  means  and  methods  of  measurement.  measuring  energy  data  is  a  key  component  for  implementing  an  energy  management  plan.  to  be  done  effectively,  a  manager  needs  to:  establish  an  energy  data  measurement  system;  designate  staff  in  charge  of  monitoring  energy  use;  ensure  proper  use  of  energy  measuring  instruments  and  ensure  safety  of  meters;  and  provide  energy  data  in  a  complete  and  timely  manner.  designating  staff  members  to  implement  energy  measurement  is  important  in  creating  an  effective  system.  preparing  a  document  that  details  ways  the  company  measures  energy  is  essential.  although  measuring  energy  data  only  reflects  overall  consumption  rather  than
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  efficiency,  it  is  still  fundamental  in  evaluating  energy  efficiency  and  energysaving  opportunities.  companies  should  measure  energy  consumption  by  considering:  overall  energy  consumption.  energy  consumption  of  power  lines  and  departments.  energy  consumption  of  office  and  production  equipment.  energy  efficiency  monitoring  and  benchmarking  are  important  for  energy  management,  as  they  enable  decision  makers  to  identify  improvement  opportunities  and  to  keep  track  of  the  effects  of  their  decisions  on  energy  use.  monitoring  and  analysis  of  machines  energy  consumption  and  support  and  manufacturing  processes  is  the  first  step  toward  increasing  energy  efficiency.  insufficient  monitoring  may  result  in  companies  not  being  aware  of  their
__label__energymonitoringmanagement potential  for  profitable  energy  investments.  moreover,  monitoring  of  energy  consumption  of  the  enterprise  supports  the  judgment  as  to  whether  anticipated  energy  savings  could  be  achieved  or  not.  monitoring  also  helps  identify  the  most  energy  intensive  processes.  in  this  section,  all  aspects  of  energy  monitoring  such  as  data  collection,  analysis,  presentation  and  measures  of  performance  will  be  covered.  this  section  also  analyzes  existing  techniques  for  data  collection,  analysis,  display  and  performance  measures.  collecting  data  with  standard  methods  is  very  important.  one  of  the  recent  standards  for  a  data  exchange  device  is  elbrev4,  which  was  used  to  monitor  energy  consumption.  energy  consumption
__label__energymonitoringmanagement data  can  be  gathered  using  statistical  data,  energy  audits,  energy  balance  sheets  and  questionnaires.  all  big  industry  companies  and  energy  providers  are  collecting  historical  energy  consumption  for  statistical  data.  energy  audit  includes  survey  and  analysis  of  energy  flows  for  energy  conservation  in  a  building,  process  or  system  to  reduce  the  amount  of  energy  input  into  the  system  without  negatively  affecting  the  outputs,  identifying  the  sources  of  energy  use  and  the  interactions  with  weather,  occupancy  and  operating  schedules.  data  collection  using  energy  balance  sheets,  where  it  shows  the  relevant  energy  input  and  output  and  break  down  of  energy  used  in  various
__label__energymonitoringmanagement processes  to  identify  the  energy  centers,  may  then  be  analyzed  for  energy  saving  potential.  typically,  machines  consist  of  several  energy  consuming  components  that  generate  a  specific  energy  profile  when  producing.  analysis  of  energy  profiles  from  different  temporal  production  levels  provides  detailed  information  about  energy  consumption  and  helps  to  identify  problems  and  potentials  for  energy  efficiency  improvement.  from  the  reviews  and  case  study  mentioned,  it  is  proven  that  the  energy  management  standard  is  a  powerful  tool  to  adopt  and  implement  desired  energy  efficiency  and  energy  use  reduction.  the  energy  management  system  should  be  integrated  into  the  overall  development  strategy  of  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement company  development  with  strong  commitment,  as  this  will  resolve  the  problems  of  strategic  management,  including  strengthening  the  companys  market  position  and  engaging  in  new  strategic  economic  areas,  growth  of  the  enterprises  competitiveness,  the  use  of  new  energy  sources,  including  the  alternative  sources  of  energy,  the  organization  of  new  business  processes,  as  well  as  the  restructuring  of  the  company  in  the  light  of  the  energy  management  systems.  government  support  that  includes  incentives  in  implementing  the  standard  is  essential  and  an  important  aspect  in  promoting  and  encouraging  the  use  of  energy  management  system  standard  among  industries  or  companies.  nick  kadanvar  works  at
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ,  an  innovation  embedded  systems  developer  with  15  years  of  experience  in  design  and  development  of  multiple  embedded  projects.  he  has  also  been  involved  in  many  control  algorithms  for  robots,  iot  devices  and  sensor  network  designs.  he  is  actively  involved  in  designing  machines  of  various  projects  and  has  experience  working  with  telecom,  oil  gas,  automotive,  logistics  and  medical  industries.  as  more  iot  devices  come  online,  consumers  will  want  to  be  assured  their  devices  are  secure.  blockchain  may...  the  things  industries  has  developed  new  hardware  with  microchip  to  improve  security  handling  from  the  low  l...
__label__energymonitoringmanagement learn  how  new  and  emerging  technologies  can  get  you  ahead  of  the  competition  in  2020  your  guide  to  digital  transformation  is  on  its  way  to  your  mailbox.  just  go  and  take  it  impact  of  iot  on  the  energy  industry  higher  energy  efficiency  using  iot.  1.security  2.  connectivity  edge  computing  3.  integration  energy  system  monitoring  and  maintenance  process  automation  increased  efficiency  safety  and  disaster  prevention  smart  meters  smart  grids  smart  buildings  sustainable  cities  so,  if  you  are  willing  to  explore  the  opportunities  within  the  iot  energy  sphere,  make  sure  to  first  of  all  partner  with  a  reliable  and  experienced  technology  provider.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  at  eastern  peak  have  a  solid  track  record  building  scalable  iot  solutions  across  a  number  of  business  domains  and  can  help  you  bring  your  products  to  the  market.  lets  get  the  ball  rolling,  contact  us  to  receive  a  free  expert  consultation  with  one  of  our  senior  product  managers  using  our  .  https://easternpeak.com/blog/howiotistransformingtheenergyindustry/  free  requirements  review  your  ideas  are  safe  no  commitment  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription  please  include  more  details
__label__energymonitoringmanagement about  your  feedback  to  help  us  improve  the  article:  we  will  get  back  to  you  within  one  business  day.  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  file  exceeds  max  size.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  cookies  help  us  enhance  your  experience  and  navigation.  by  continuing  to  browse,  you  agree  to  the  storing  of  cookies  on  your  device.  we  do  not  collect  your  personal  information  unless  you  explicitly  ask  us  to  do  so.  please  see  our  for  more  details.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  speak  with  system  integrators  across  a  multitude  of  industries.  one  of  the  most  popular  iot  use  cases  we  get  asked  about  is  smart  energy  management.  its  one  of  the  easiest  and  fastest  ways  to  get  iot  into  an  organization  and  provide  value  immediately.  thats  because  the  cost  savings  can  be  immediate  and  significant,  high  enough  to  return  a  positive  roi  on  your  iot  investment.  mckinsey  company  analyzed  the  from  increased  efficiency  and  decreased  malfunctions.  they  estimated:  you  add  a  simple  sensor  to  monitor  and  manage  the  electricity  consumption  of  anything  that  consumes  electricity  in  an  organization.  a  successful  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  project  always  begins  with  monitoring.  once  you  know  what  your  energy  consumption  problems  are,  you  can  take  steps  to  reduce  consumption  with  data  to  ensure  your  investment  will  pay  off  through  energy  reduction.  check  out  our  complete  service  providers  .  weve  also  seen  successful  implementations  start  small  and  scale  once  roi  is  proven.  you  can  start  with  refrigeration  in  one  outlet  of  a  fast  food  chain,  and  then  expand  once  youve  discovered  you  can  reduce  refrigeration  energy  consumption  to  justify  the  cost  of  the  sensors  and  platform.  axonize  customers  we  work  with  on  smart  energy  projects  can  expand  into
__label__energymonitoringmanagement additional  monitoring,  cost  savings,  or  revenuegenerating  applications.  the  axonize  iot  platform  works  with  any  sensor  or  protocol.  we  also  allow  you  to  easily  expand  or  combine  iot  applications,  so  iot  project  growth  is  scaled  to  meet  the  customers  individual  business  goals.  weve  also  put  together  this  for  you  to  learn  more  about  the  trends  and  solutions  were  seeing  in  this  space.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code
__label__energymonitoringmanagement thinkstock  every  nascent  industry  needs  a  killer  app.  but  in  the  internet  of  things  realm,  it  can  be  hard  toidentify  the  most  promising  use  cases.  for  one  thing,  the  field  is  gargantuan,  including  everything  from  drones  to  connected  jet  engines.  in  addition,  some  of  the  most  powerful  iot  use  cases  recede  into  the  background  where  they  quietly  work  to  boost  uptime,  performance  and  overall  manageability.  weve  rounded  up  11  promising  iot  use  cases  that  are  quietly  shifting  everything  from  wine  cultivation  to  how  utilities  manage  the  power  grid.  a  handful  of  companies  are  using  connected  technology  to  keep  track  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement pest  populations.  there  is,  for  instance,  semios,  which  uses  sensors  and  machine  vision  technology  to  track  pest  populations  in  orchards,  vineyards,  and  other  agricultural  settings.  and  then  there  is  iot  box  systems,  a  company  that  makes  connected  bait  stations,  traps,  and  cages  that  inform  the  user  when  they  have  caught  an  animal.  general  electric  has  been  touting  the  benefits  of  creating  an  electricity  value  network,  in  which  digitization  creates  allows  for  visualization  across  the  entire  electricity  system.  a  is  bord  gis  energys  whitegate  power  plant,  a  445mw  gas  combinedcycle  plant  25  miles  east  of  cork,  ireland.  there  are  141  sensors
__label__energymonitoringmanagement across  the  plant  that  provide  roundtheclock  monitoring  and  diagnostics  of  existing  hardware.  whitehouse  engineers  receive  operational  recommendations  through  the  software  and  data  analytics,  and  also  get  a  single,  consolidated  picture  of  whitehouses  performance.  the  system  provides  more  early  warnings,  and  improved  efficiency  when  it  came  to  using  natural  gas.  additional  advanced  controls  from  ge  have  also  enabled  improved  performance  for  the  fleet  of  ge  turbines  at  the  whitehouse.  the  result  has  been  a  2.28  million  about  2.43  million  positive  financial  impact  at  the  plant.  bombardier  last  year  showed  off  its  new  cseries  jetliner,  which  boasted  pratt  whitneys  geared  turbo  fan
__label__energymonitoringmanagement gtf  engine  and  its  5,000  sensors  producing  as  much  as  10  gb  of  data  each  second,  .  why  would  a  jet  engine  need  so  many  sensors,  especially  since  many  modern  engines  have  fewer  than  250  sensors?  aviation  week  reports  that  the  pratt  whitney  engine  offers  artificial  intelligence  capabilities  to  predict  future  engine  demands  and  adjust  the  engine  accordingly.  the  gtf  engines  consume  as  much  as  15  less  fuel  than  average  jet  engines,  and  also  have  reduced  emissions  and  noise.  however,  in  an  industry  still  struggling  with  integration  across  legacy  systems,  chief  information  officers  face  challenges  in  getting  the  underlying  architecture
__label__energymonitoringmanagement right  as  well  as  addressing  security  issues.  winemakers  in  the  mosel  valley  in  southwest  germany  are  using  an  internet  of  things  system  called  tracovino,  developed  by  myomega,  ,  which  provided  the  device  connection  platform  used  in  the  telenor  connexion  infrastructure  supporting  tracovino.  in  this  iot  use  case,  sensors  across  the  vineyard  upload  data  on  such  metrics  as  soil  humidity,  air  humidity,  sunshine,  and  intensity  of  sunshine,  temperature  and  rainfall  to  the  cloud.  at  the  700yearold  reinhold  haart  estate  in  piesport,  germany,  tracovino  enables  the  vineyard  workers  to  do  the  right  work  at  the  right  time,  and  avoid  bad  decisions  during
__label__energymonitoringmanagement harvest  that  could  affect  the  quality  of  reinhold  haarts  riesling,  winemaker  and  part  owner  johannes  haart  told  ericsson.  tracovino  has  also  enabled  reinhold  haart  to  improve  sustainability  by  better  limiting  the  use  of  pesticides.  another  winery,  salt  creek  vineyard  in  massachusetts  tends  to  over  12,000  vines  in  three  fields  and  has  built  up  strong  wholesale  and  retail  business  lines.  to  help  overcome  challenges  related  to  groundwater  and  microclimate  management,  salt  creek  has  deployed  iot  sensors,  dell  gateways  and  solar  panels  to  help  increase  growth  and  profit  while  lowering  water  and  energy  consumption.  additionally,  salt  creek  uses  iot  technology  to  monitor
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ph  levels  in  soil  and  water,  both  of  which  are  critical  to  optimal  vineyard  performance  and  good  tasting  wine.  iot  technology  could  help  beekeepers  better  combat  ,  in  which  honeybee  stocks  have  died  off  at  rapid  rates.  andreas  nickel,  a  germanybased  sap  development  project  manager  and  recreational  beekeeper,  built  a  beehive  scale  that  sends  an  alert  to  his  cellphone  or  computer  when  a  major  change  in  hive  weight  takes  place,  according  to  an  .  the  alert  helps  nickel  know  if,  say,  a  hive  has  tipped  over,  food  has  run  low,  or  the  bees  are  having  trouble  gathering  pollen  from  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement surrounding  area.  researchers  are  interested  in  connected  sensor  systems  that  track  everything  from  hive  temperature  and  humidity  to  the  effects  of  noise  and  light.  barcelona,  spain,  alone  is  expected  to  save  4  billion  over  the  next  10  years  because  it  is  using  the  connectivity  to  make  its  trash  collection  more  efficient,  .  barcelona  is  among  a  number  of  cities  in  spain,  mexico,  israel  and  elsewhere  adopting  ,  a  wireless  autonomous  sensor  that  uses  ultrasound  to  tell  how  full  a  trash  bin  is.  the  information  is  transmitted  to  a  urbiotica  software  platform  that  links  up  with  systems  meant  to  optimize  trash
__label__energymonitoringmanagement collection  routes.  the  sensor  is  helpful  in  cases  where  waste  is  being  produced  at  rates  that  are  slower  or  more  variable.  optimizing  routes  also  means  less  traffic  and  truck  emissions.  other  companies,  such  as  irelandbased  ,  are  also  active  in  the  trash  bin  sensors  market.  the  port  of  new  bedford,  in  massachusetts,  is  the  no.  1  one  fishing  port  in  america  for  the  12th  straight  year  in  a  row,  known  for  highmargin  scallop  shipping  operations.  when  faced  with  the  challenge  to  limit  illegal  fishing  practices,  the  port  installed  dell  edge  gateways,  with  v5  systems  solar  video  surveillance  technologies  to  better
__label__energymonitoringmanagement track  who  was  coming  in  and  out  of  the  port.  both  the  south  terminal  and  palmers  island  lighthouse  are  using  these  technologies  to  monitor  fishing  practices  and  to  better  understand  the  health  of  the  underwater  environment.  in  austin,  texas;  los  angeles;  arizona;  ,  wisconsin;  and  elsewhere  have  been  trying  out  a  system  called  that  eliminates  the  need  for  police  to  engage  in  dangerous  highspeed  chases  of  suspects.  an  air  compressor  launcher  on  the  front  of  the  patrol  car  fires  a  sticky  gps  locator  with  a  transmitter.  police  can  then  remotely  track  the  vehicle  versus  chasing  it,  apprehending  the  suspect  when
__label__energymonitoringmanagement thevehicle  stops.  the  amazon  basin  conservation  associations  los  amigos  conservancy  concession  has  started  using  small  remotely  controlled  planes  to  monitor  550  square  miles  of  peruvian  amazon  for  illegal  logging  and  mining,  .  the  drones  will  allow  the  handful  of  rangers  to  quickly  investigate  reports  of  deforestation,  a  major  improvement  over  having  to  travel  into  remote  parts  of  the  jungle  over  unpaved  roads.  exara  has  taken  an  innovative  approach  to  fieldbased  intelligence  for  companies  in  the  oil  and  gas  industries.  exara  is  helping  industrial  companies  gather,  analyze,  store  and  relay  data  from  oil  field  equipment  resulting  in  cost  savings,  reduced  maintenance
__label__energymonitoringmanagement costs,  lengthened  machinery  lifespan  and  more  efficient  performance  for  workloads  in  demanding  environments.  customers  have  reported  that  theyve  cut  power  use  by  43  percent  and  achieved  60,000  in  annual  savings  per  site.  humans  are  the  cause  of  the  vast  majority  of  car  accidents.  a  significant  proportion  of  accidents  are  the  results  of  distracted  driving.  u.s.  regulators  want  to  cut  smartphonerelated  traffic  injuries  by  encouraging  tech  companies  to  restrict  access  to  apps  when  a  driver  uses  them.  but  companies  like  zendrive  have  developed  technologythat  uses  sensors  built  into  smartphones  to  gauge  driver  behavior.  once  sufficient  data  is  collected,  the  app  can
__label__energymonitoringmanagement offer  coaching  to  make  drivers  safer.  the  company  is  targeting  both  insurance  companies  and  fleet  managers.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sep  13,  2019  internet  of  things  energy  management  iot  enables  process  automation  and  operational  efficiency  in  basically  every  industry  ,  ,  ,  ,  logistics.  iot  applications  in  the  energy  sector  grow  special  attention  from  consumers,  businesses  and  even  governments.  apart  from  numerous  benefits  to  the  electric  power  supply  chain,  iot  energy  management  systems  give  way  to  new  smarter  grids  which  promise  unprecedented  savings,  improved  security  and  enhanced  efficiency.  lets  find  out  how  internet  of  things  and  energy  efficiency  are  connected  and  what  solutions  in  this  market  are  worth  considering.  as  we  mentioned  earlier,  energy  management  based  on  internet  of  things
__label__energymonitoringmanagement has  a  wide  range  of  benefits  for  every  part  of  the  electric  supply  chain  network,  from  power  generation  to  the  point  when  consumers  pay  their  electricity  bills.  heres  what  the  application  of  iot  technology  can  do:  lets  go  through  5  major  categories  of  energy  management  devices  and  systems  which  enable  these  benefits.  lets  discuss  your  project  your  name  your  email  your  message  the  most  obvious  way  to  save  energy  is  to  cut  down  on  wasting  it.  smart  lighting,  learning  thermostats  and  sensorbased  hvac  systems  of  the  new  generation  are  designed  to  automatically  maintain  the  perfect  conditions  in  spaces  and  keep
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  use  at  the  optimum  level.  equipped  with  different  sensors  light,  movement,  humidity,  co2  level,  etc.  these  systems  can  dynamically  adjust  the  regimes  depending  on  the  changing  conditions  and  avoid  using  energy  in  potential  waste  points.  thus,  smart  lighting  dims  depending  on  the  amount  of  daylight  available  in  the  room  and  automatically  turns  off  once  the  room  is  empty.  learning  thermostats  precool  the  space  before  the  heat  comes  to  avoid  using  expensive  energy  at  the  peak  load  time.  by  general  electric  is  a  good  example  of  an  internet  of  things  energy  management  solution.  the  company  provides  a  set  of  led
__label__energymonitoringmanagement light,  sensors,  controls  and  analytics  tools  to  create  a  smart  energy  infrastructure  in  industrial  and  commercial  spaces,  including  factories,  stores  and  the  whole  cities.  the  solution  is  promised  to  save  up  to  70  on  electric  bills.  and  are  lighting  and  smart  thermostat  solutions  which  also  provide  enormous  savings,  but  for  households.  philips  hue  family  of  products  include  outdoor  and  indoor  led  lighting  which  adjusts  to  peoples  preferences  and  routines  and  uses  85  less  energy  than  traditional  bulbs.  ecobee  4  thermostat  which  automatically  cuts  down  on  the  use  of  the  energy  when  its  the  most  expensive  offers  an  additional  .  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement bulbs  and  thermostats  are  popular  that  demonstrate  how  internet  of  things  and  energy  management  provide  savings  without  much  effort  on  the  users  side.  energy  management  systems  include  sensors,  meters,  controls,  applications  and  analytics  tools  which  enable  users  households,  businesses,  energy  professionals,  communities,  governments  to  monitor,  manage  and  control  processes,  assets  and  resources  in  the  supply  chain.  energy  management  system  market  is  estimated  to  reach  9.3  billion  by  2023.  smart  meters,  for  example,  monitor  power  consumption  in  realtime,  dynamically  calculate  spending  and  share  data  between  endusers  and  utility  companies.  this  data  helps  suppliers  tailor  demandresponse  programs  and  adjust  pricing.  residents,  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement turn,  can  control  their  electricity  usage  at  a  granular  level  using  applications,  respond  to  load  changes,  limit  wasting  energy.  sensorenabled  assets,  be  it  heavy  machinery  on  a  plant  or  a  household  boiler,  can  continuously  report  load  and  predict  overheating,  risks  of  damage  or  outage  on  the  line.  in  the  case  of  the  plants  equipment  motors,  for  example,  prevented  damage  results  in  serious  saving.  using  tracking  data  analytics,  management  can  find  the  right  balance  between  optimum  performance  of  the  equipment,  wear  and  energy  use  and  ensure  a  long  life  for  the  assets.  is  a  great  example  of  the  internet  of  things
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  management  system  for  industrial  and  commercial  spaces.  using  the  datum  coming  from  a  network  of  sensors  and  meters  onsite,  the  solution  provides  saving  measures  to  optimize  the  use  of  energy  and  maximize  productivity.  is  a  smart  metering  system  for  households.  it  is  connected  to  a  regular  electric  panel  to  enable  residents  to  gain  full  control  and  visibility  in  their  energy  usage  and  proactively  participate  in  energy  management.  today,  we  can  use  internet  of  things  for  energy  management  and  expanding  the  adoption  of  green  energy.  iotbased  residential  solar  systems  and  wind  turbines  offer  free  power  to  partially  or  fully  fulfill
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  households  energy  demand.  in  the  first  case,  residential  renewables  cut  the  average  energy  bill  by  50.  in  the  second  case,  this  number  goes  up  to  100  and  allows  a  household  goes  completely  offgrid.  not  only  does  the  adoption  of  residential  renewable  power  systems  help  save  energy,  but  also  to  reduce  carbon  footprint  and  contribute  to  the  environment  conservation  initiative.  the  example  of  solutions  for  households  and  smart  buildings  is  a  great  iot  energy  management  case  study.  the  company  provides  a  wide  range  of  industrial,  commercial  and  residential  solar  solutions,  as  well  as  fullscale  pv  power  plants.  each  solution  consists
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  a  set  of  connected  hardware  such  as  gateways,  power  banks,  batteries,  meters  and  converters  and  software  for  realtime  power  monitoring  and  control.  depending  on  the  purpose  and  configuration,  schneider  electrics  solutions  enable  full  energy  independence,  efficient  backup  or  hybridization  with  other  power  sources.  energy  storage  is  the  whole  new  market.  it  is  gaining  attention  in  the  wake  of  the  recent  .  lux  research  promises  this  market  to  reach  50  billion  by  2020.  in  general,  storage  allows  consumers  to  maintain  energy  independence  in  the  case  of  an  outage  or  other  problem  on  the  line.  smart  storage  enables  controlled  and  efficient
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  backup  and  gives  residents  management  functions.  in  the  case  of  smart  storage,  for  example,  the  residents  can  make  informed  decisions  no  the  loads  and  choose  which  loads  should  be  protected,  how  much  energy  should  be  spent  in  the  offgrid  mode  and  where.  moreover,  using  smart  storage,  the  adopters  of  solar  and  other  renewables  can  now  better  manage  the  clean  energy  they  generate,  control  the  surplus  and  ensure  maximized  performance  for  their  power  network.  in  other  words,  energy  storage  is  the  application  of  internet  of  things  in  energy  management  which  enables  saving  energy  both  directly  and  indirectly.  lumin  energy  management
__label__energymonitoringmanagement platform  is  an  example  of  a  smart  storage  and  electricity  metering  solution  which  provides  customers  with  monitoring  and  management  capabilities  and  simplifies  the  adoption  of  solar  in  residential  buildings.  another  application  of  iot  for  saving  energy  is  focused  on  optimizing  the  very  source  of  power  production.  stations,  plants,  solar  fields  and  wind  turbines  also  consume  energy,  require  maintenance  and  a  wide  range  of  effort  and  resourceheavy  works  to  keep  them  running.  using  iot  in  this  sector,  or  internet  of  energy  things,  is  the  right  way  to  maximize  the  performance.  resource  management  in  internet  of  energy  things  implies  a  complex  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement measures  to  optimize  the  performance  at  a  power  grid.  it  includes  using  sensors,  data  analytics,  predictive  maintenance  and  other  practices.  continuous  condition  monitoring  of  equipment  and  wiring  using  sensors,  for  example,  prevents  overloads  and  helps  maintain  a  balanced  load  on  the  line.  predictive  maintenance  ensures  timely  repair  of  the  equipment  and  prevents  blackouts,  accidents  and  costly  downtime.  in  some  cases,  connecting  power  plants  and  renewable  grids  into  a  network  gives  consumers  a  transparent  view  of  where  their  energy  comes  from.  and  with  this  information,  consumers  get  a  choice  to  use  the  cleanest  source  available  at  the  moment.  this  is  exactly
__label__energymonitoringmanagement what  platform  offers  to  people.  the  nonprofit  organization  provides  technology  solutions  to  enable  automated  emission  reduction.  in  short,  the  system  monitors  the  network  of  grids  and  dynamically  shifts  to  the  power  source  which  produces  the  least  emissions  at  a  given  time.  with  this  application  of  internet  of  things,  electric  utilities  that  produce  the  cleanest  energy  get  more  consumers,  reduce  carbonheavy  energy  and  ensure  better  environmental  practices.  at  digiteum,  we  have  a  solid  experience  in  the  internet  of  energy  things.  today,  our  power  consumption  telemetry  already  helps  consumers  across  the  u.s.  save  energy,  limit  emissions  and  integrate  solar  power  with  less
__label__energymonitoringmanagement effort  and  hassle.  we  know  how  much  the  adoption  of  iot  energy  saving  costs,  what  it  takes  to  build  a  viable  solution  in  this  sector  and  how  to  get  it  up  and  running.  check  our  and  to  talk  about  your  project.  lets  discuss  your  project  your  name  your  email  your  message  digiteum  is  a  custom  software  development  company  helping  businesses  reach  their  clients.  we  focus  on  creating  and  delivering  customercentric  solutions  across  web,  mobile  and  iot.  we  are  always  looking  for  talented  people.  we  do  not  knowingly  collect  information  from  the  users  under  16  years  old
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement by  ,  ,  full  conference  pass  main  conference  expo  pass  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  and  never  miss  a  beat  from  the  pulse  of  clean  tech.  2019  cleantech  rising.  all  rights  reserved.  created  by:  sign  up  for  our  newsletter  to  receive  the  latest  news,  jobs  internship  updatesfrom  cleantech  rising.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  carbon  emission  reduction  targets  drive  utility  adoption  of  clean  and  renewable  energy  resources,  fluctuation  in  energy  supply  and  demand  present  a  huge  challenge  for  utilities  in  ensuring  reliability  of  grid  networks.  the  variations  in  energy  supply  and  demand,  and  failures  by  emerging  distributed  energy  resources  models  to  provide  base  load  capacity  for  utilities,  are  driving  an  increase  in  the  rollout  of  demand  side  management  programmes.  this  article  was  originally  published  in  smart  energy  international  42018  .  energy  providers  have  over  the  past  years  topped  investments  in  increasing  consumer  awareness  and  adoption  of  home  energy  management  solutions,  and  government  parastatals
__label__energymonitoringmanagement continue  to  partner  with  solution  providers  to  reduce  energy  use  in  buildings.  the  research  firm  predicts  the  number  of  smart  thermostats  connected  to  smart  grid  control  systems  will  reach  80  million  by  2022,  amongst  the  300  million  smart  homes  to  have  been  developed  by  that  year.  a  senior  research  analyst  with  navigant  research  said:  with  the  development  of  the  smart  home  and  connected  devices,  energy  management  has  become  a  critical  part  of  the  digitisation  of  the  home.  continued  research  and  development  of  technologies  within  the  energy  management  segment  is  resulting  in  the  introduction  of  new  embedded  solutions,  artificial  intelligence,  iot
__label__energymonitoringmanagement enabled  devices  and  cloudbased  services  that  drive  traditionally  disconnected,  onsite  premise  systems.  this  applies  to  central  air  conditioning  and  heating  systems  in  homes,  or  a  commercial  buildings  hvac  building  management  system.  metering  smart  energy  international  spoke  with  steve  nguyen,  vice  president  of  product  and  marketing  at  buildingiq,  to  learn  more  about  the  latest  trends  within  the  ai,  iot  and  smart  home  energy  management  space,  their  integration  and  impact  in  the  smart  energy  market.  the  best  way  to  demonstrate  how  ai  and  iot  can  best  work  together  is  through  the  creation  of  a  digital  twin  a  digital  representation  of  the  building.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement occupancy  details,  occupant  comfort,  thermal  and  weather  models  are  used  to  create  a  digital  twin  of  a  building  and  can  be  enhanced  further  through  machine  learning  and  cloud  computing.  the  core  of  a  digital  twin  is  the  building  management  system  bms,  which  provides  a  stream  of  data  that  feeds  this  advanced  model.  data  from  various  iot  devices  can  refine  the  model.  these  can  include  iotenabled  electropneumatic  thermostatsfor  analogue  buildings;  ipenabled  lighting  systems,  with  builtin  presence  and  temperature  sensors;  blind  controllers,  and  more.  with  the  creation  of  a  digital  twin,  stakeholders  can  see  how  a  building  would  respond  to  numerous  variable
__label__energymonitoringmanagement changes  in  real  time  and  help  create  a  responsive  building  design.  adoption  can  be  hindered  due  to  a  number  of  factors,  but  mostly  it  comes  down  to  a  lack  of  knowledge  and  experience  using  hightech  solutions  in  buildings,  as  well  as  the  assumption  that  ai  and  machine  learning  are  meant  to  replace  the  role  of  the  facilities  personnel.  they  arent  thus,  we  need  to  educate  the  market.  its  still  a  very  new  concept  for  a  building  management  team  to  work  with  an  organisations  it  team  to  allow  remote  access  of  a  buildings  control  systems  even  if  only  for  monitoring.  another
__label__energymonitoringmanagement big  factor  limiting  the  iot  building  market  is  the  big  name  bms  companies  that  monopolize  the  market.  they  often  have  competitive  services  that  restrict  access  to  vendors,  effectively  vendor  locking  buildings.  if  you  want  to  control  peak  energy  usage,  become  more  energy  efficient,  and  positively  impact  productivity  and  comfort,  you  need  to  deal  with  the  bms  directly.  adoption  rates  of  various  services  are  dependent  on  region.  in  north  america,  data  visualisation  and  ticketing  services  are  popular.  it  is  worth  noting  that  older  buildings  have  the  option  to  implement  simple/basic  solutions  and  transfer  to  more  sophisticated  services,  as  their  needs  change.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement many  buildings  in  the  region  are  using  advanced  predictive  energy  optimisation  peo  software,  which  offers  closedloop  control  of  a  buildings  hvac  system  based  on  predictive  analytics.  this  is  particularly  useful  in  regions  with  peak  demand  tariffs  and  efficiency  incentives.  in  australia,  there  is  a  growing  opportunity  for  commissioning,  due  to  the  fast  rate  at  which  new  buildings  are  being  constructed  within  the  country.  recently,  weve  been  more  involved  in  implementing  energy  management  in  buildings  from  the  ground  up.  weve  seen  a  lot  of  success  with  this  approach  in  the  australian  market  where  we  have  a  partnership  with  buildingsense.  most  commercial
__label__energymonitoringmanagement buildings  have  a  bms  in  place,  which  platforms  easily  integrate  with.  the  bms  is  then  used  as  a  proxy  for  control  and  a  source  for  gathering  data  about  the  buildings  performance.  however,  success  can  be  reached  without  a  bms.  the  bms  can  be  bypassed  to  gather  data  directly  from  various  pieces  of  equipment.  top  3  considerations  to  be  taken  when  implementing  a  bms  1.  bacnet/ip  is  the  internationally  accepted  standard  from  data  in  modern  buildings.  when  implementing  a  bms,  its  imperative  that  owners/operators  have  their  bms  utilise  bacnet/ip  and  that  they  have  control  over  the  access  to  the  bacnet/ip  data
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  points.  having  such  control  over  the  data  ensures  that  should  they  wish  it,  owners/operators  may  work  with  the  bms  controls  provider  or  3rd  party  vendors  to  implement  cloudbased  systems  that  leverage  the  bms.  2.  its  surprising  given  where  we  are  as  consumers  that  many  buildings  do  not  allow  ip  connections  to  the  bms.  granted,  doing  so  is  a  security  risk;  however,  their  ip  departments  should  understand  those  risks  and  how  to  mitigate  them.  therefore,  it  is  very  important  that  owners/  operators  work  with  their  information  infrastructure  teams  to  ensure  that  providing  ip  access  to  the  bms  is  a  expected,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  b  designed  in.  this  would  include  any  necessary  dmz,  specialised  routing,  reserved  ip  addresses  and  other  measures.  heres  a  fact  theres  no  such  thing  as  an  onpremise  cloud  solution.  if  you  want  the  power  and  benefits  of  cloud  computing  and  solutions  things  like  instant  deployment  of  updated  algorithms,  unlimited  storage,  limitless  compute  power  make  sure  you  are  ok  with  an  ipconnected  bms.  3.  perhaps  the  achilles  heel  of  many  a  system  is  the  lack  of  good  documentation.  creating  and  maintaining  good  system  documentation  control  sequences,  asset  registries/records,  software  licensing,  etc.  is  a  key  to  protecting  the  owner/operator  from  unplanned
__label__energymonitoringmanagement expenses  down  the  road.  at  the  end  of  the  day,  the  building  environment  is  much  more  complex  than  the  home,  yet  many  of  us  in  the  industry  want  many  of  the  same  services.  i  come  from  a  home  energy  disaggregation  business,  yet  that  is  not  available  to  the  commercial  sector.  we  can  solve  the  question  of  what  equipment  consumes  what  amount  of  energy,  but  it  takes  a  lot  of  math.  the  influence  of  ai  is  similar.  ai  can  do  a  lot.  for  sure  it  can  steer  both  home  and  building  owners  in  the  right  direction  with  greater  and  greater  accuracy.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement however,  unless  you  are  willing  to  spend  a  lot  of  money  replacing  assets,  we  have  to  be  smarter  and  more  inventive  about  how  we  use  data.  concepts  like  the  digital  twin  can  be  taken  very  far  both  in  the  home  and  in  the  commercial  environment.  still,  the  basic  tenants  are  the  same  get  connected,  get  standardised,  get  on  the  cloud.  sei  one  great  example  is  that  of  st  john  of  god  murdoch  hospital  in  australia,  which  houses  500  beds  and  serves  nearly  50,000  patients  per  year.  for  the  project,  projected  energy  consumption  was  significantly  reduced  via  data  visualisation,  fault  detection
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  closedloop  control  of  specific  hvac  zones.  despite  only  managing  half  of  the  413,872sq.  ft.  34,450sq.  m.  floor  space  of  the  hospital,  hvac  energy  usage  was  cut  by  10  and  overall  energy  consumption  for  the  entire  hospital  by  5.  by  utilising  the  software  on  a  subscription  basis,  st  john  of  god  murdoch  hospital  has  essentially  been  able  to  sign  up  for  continuous  energy  savings.  the  initial  energy  reductions  have  translated  to  roughly  4,500  in  net  savings  per  month.  steve  nguyen  leads  product  and  marketing  at  buildingiq  to  bring  a  suite  of  cloudbased  energy  intelligence  service  to  the  commercial,  healthcare,  education,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  other  building  markets.  steve  joined  buildingiq  from  bidgely,  where  he  ran  marketing  and  helped  utilities  to  better  engage  consumers  with  their  energy  use  through  the  power  of  disaggregation.  he  holds  a  b.s.  from  brandeis  university  and  m.b.a.  from  boston  college.  about  buildingiq  buildingiq  biq.ax  provides  technologyenabled  services  to  help  building  owners  and  operators  worldwide  save  energy,  increase  operational  efficiency,  and  improve  tenant  comfort.  through  its  5i  cloudbased  platform,  buildingiq  delivers  on  the  promise  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  to  help  visualize,  analyze,  control,  and  optimize  energy  usage  within  a  single  facility,  campus  or  portfolio  of  buildings.  more  than
__label__energymonitoringmanagement managing  energy  grids  has  grown  ever  more  complex  as  the  number  of  connecting  devices  has  risen  sharply.  millions  of  twoway  communicating  ,  pieces  of  advanced  equipment,  and  distributed  generation  assets  have  come  online  in  recent  years,  creating  an  intricate  internet  of  things  iot  network  that  can  challenge  even  the  best  of  grid  managers.  connecting  all  these  devices  is  a  challenge,  and  is  by  no  means  trivial.  the  real  test  comes  when  trying  to  organize,  make  sense  of,  and  glean  valuable  insights  from  the  huge  data  volumes  generated  by  these  iot  devices  and  sensors.  from  there,  the  objective  becomes  turning  those
__label__energymonitoringmanagement insights  into  useful  and  lasting  applications  for  today  and  tomorrow.  solutions  vendors  have  worked  hard  to  meet  their  grid  customers  need  for  advanced  technological  tools  to  manage  the  data  and  applications.  lately,  the  vendors  have  developed  some  new  offerings.  launched  its  platform,  which  is  aimed  at  utility,  smart  city,  and  consumer  applications.  the  platform  is  designed  to  integrate  a  variety  of  smart  devices  and  utilize  various  communication  protocols,  including  radio  frequency  mesh,  lora,  and  cellular.  the  platforms  ipv6based  architecture  can  work  independently  with  thirdparty  devices  and  software  to  control  street  lights,  solar  inverters,  ev  charging  stations,  environmental  sensors,  and  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement array  of  distribution  assets.  the  overarching  idea  is  to  provide  utilities  a  way  to  leverage  sensor  technology  at  the  grid  edge  for  smart  community  and  smart  home  applications,  while  also  laying  a  foundation  for  future  distribution  strategies.  and  joined  forces  to  create  a  harmonized  system  that  targets  analytics  for  iot.  under  ,  sas  will  contribute  its  event  stream  processing  capabilities  for  structured  and  unstructured  data,  and  provide  machine  learning  technology  for  event  detection,  distributed  energy  resources  optimization,  and  revenue  protection.  the  sas  pieces  will  be  matched  with  data  from  trilliants  realtime,  multitechnology,  multiapplication  networking  platform.  the  two  firms  are  already
__label__energymonitoringmanagement working  jointly  with  the  ,  where  they  are  in  the  middle  of  deploying  analyticsbased  applications  for  street  lighting,  with  the  goal  of  improving  public  safety  and  boosting  energy  efficiency  throughout  the  town.  unveiled  its  ,  which  is  designed  to  help  utilities  take  a  more  proactive  approach  to  predictive  maintenance.  the  ability  ellipse  software  unifies  the  functionality  of  abbs  enterprise  asset  management,  workforce  management,  and  asset  performance  management  packages.  the  software  suite  enables  customers  to  better  optimize  asset  utilization,  and  reduce  equipment  failures  and  system  outages.  ability  ellipse  is  the  latest  offering  in  the  firms  family,  which  embeds  business  processes  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement leverages  realtime  equipment  data  and  iot  to  connect  predictive  analytics  and  asset  management  systems  to  mobile  workers  in  the  field.  these  three  examples  of  the  latest  solutions  are  by  no  means  the  only  ones  in  the  market.  competitors  like  itron  and  siemens  come  to  mind.  yet  these  latest  moves  by  the  above  vendors  signify  that  current  tools  are  inadequate  to  harness  the  growing  complexity  of  energy  grids.  as  the  markets  continues,  grid  managers  will  need  these  types  of  advanced  software  solutions  to  seize  the  opportunities  awaiting  them  as  they  forge  the  emerging  grid  of  tomorrow.  without  them,  the  opportunities  will
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  lost,  or  upstarts  will  move  in  with  advanced  tools  and  disrupt  the  incumbents.  2019  navigant  consulting,  inc.  navigant  consulting  is  not  a  certified  public  accounting  firm  and  does  not  provide  audit,  attest,  or  public  accounting  services.  go  to  https://www.navigant.com/about/legalpilicenses  for  a  complete  listing  of  private  investigator  licenses.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement just  another  wordpress  site  the  internet  of  things  iot  a  growing  category  in  which  billions  of  ordinary  devices  are  integrated  via  the  internet  offers  significant  opportunities  for  businesses  to  make  smarter,  moreinformed  decisions  to  improve  their  bottom  lines.  in  fact,  over  75  of  businesses  say  that  iot  is  critical  to  their  future  success,  and  nearly  half  of  adopters  are  using  iot  to  support  largescale  business  transformation,  according  to  the  .  while  the  specific  systems  and  devices  being  integrated  vary  from  business  to  business,  that  by  2020,  the  majority  of  new  business  processes  and  systems  will  be  designed  to  incorporate  iot
__label__energymonitoringmanagement connectivity.  but  this  technology  should  not  just  be  looked  at  as  something  to  understand  in  the  future.  instead,  iot  is  already  paying  off  in  many  cases,  and  businesses  should  look  for  ways  to  incorporate  iot  solutions  now.  this  year,  63  of  iot  adopters  have  seen  significant  return  on  investment,  finds  the  vodafone  study,  up  from  59  the  previous  year.  a  key  component  of  iot  is  its  ability  to  provide  new  data,  thereby  transforming  standalone  devices  and  siloed  systems  into  ones  that  provide  users  with  added  intelligence.  in  terms  of  energy  management,  smart  devices  and  integrated  systems  can  enable  businesses  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement better  understand  their  energy  usage  and  costs  in  realtime,  identify  malfunctioning  equipment  and  overlay  data  sets  to  draw  previously  invisible  insights  that  can  increase  efficiency  and  reduce  operating  costs.  with  smart  lighting,  for  instance,  as  a  lighting  system  that  is  connected  to  a  network  and  can  be  both  monitored  and  controlled  from  a  centralized  system  or  via  the  cloud,  companies  can  achieve  significant  savings  by  analyzing  what  areas  of  the  business  are  contributing  most  to  energy  costs  and  how  performance  varies  throughout  the  day.  for  example,  an  office  building  with  smart  lighting  may  look  at  the  data  and  notice  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement conference  room  lighting  is  contributing  to  an  unexpectedly  high  portion  of  the  electricity  bill.  the  company  could  then  take  steps  such  as  installing  sensors  to  activate  conference  room  lighting  only  when  someone  is  in  the  room  or  create  an  intelligent  schedule  that  automatically  turns  lights  off  when  meetings  are  not  scheduled.  without  this  type  of  data  and  reporting,  companies  lack  the  visibility  required  to  realize  efficiencies  like  this.  in  addition  to  smart  lighting,  iot  could  have  a  profound  impact  on  energy  management  as  buildings  become  more  incorporated  with  sensors  and  machines.  as  these  devices  can  connect  with  each  other  while
__label__energymonitoringmanagement feeding  data  into  analytics  software,  businesses  gain  a  more  complete  picture  of  their  energy  usage.  this  insight  might  reveal  that  certain  areas  within  a  building  are  underutilized,  so  heating  or  cooling  should  only  take  place  immediately  before  and  during  periods  of  occupancy.  moreover,  iot  devices  could  even  start  to  communicate  with  external  devices,  such  as  a  smart  electric  grid.  a  smart  grid  might  be  able  to  understand  the  weather  forecast  and  therefore  anticipate  electricity  demand.  in  order  to  minimize  strain  on  the  system,  a  utility  company  could  communicate  with  a  building  via  iot  devices  to  accept  a  lower  energy  rate
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  exchange  for  less  usage,  .  these  types  of  examples  represent  a  more  advanced  iot  use  case,  where  hardware  autonomously  selfadjusts  based  on  3rd  party  software  integration.  but  before  companies  can  adopt  fullscale  integrated  solutions  like  this,  starting  with  energy  analytics  on  their  own  building  and  gathering  data  and  insights  on  their  own  operation  is  the  critical  first  step  that  must  be  taken.  to  find  out  how  artis  energys  rtis  energy  analytics  platform  can  provide  you  with  the  visibility  and  insight  to  transform  energy  from  a  fixed  cost  into  a  distinct  competitive  advantage.  required  subscribe  to  our  publications  subscribe  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement our  artis  energy  newsletter  find  us  on  subscribe  to  our  artis  energy  newsletter  find  us  on  subscribe  to  our  artis  energy  newsletter  find  us  on  subscribe  to  our  artis  energy  newsletter  find  us  on  362  industrial  park  road,  suite  7,  middletown,  ct  06457  450  lexington  avenue,  new  york,  ny  10017  8606137000  copyright  2019  artis  energy  362  industrial  park  road,  suite  7,  middletown,  ct  06457  450  lexington  avenue,  new  york,  ny  10017  8606137000  copyright  2019  artis  energy  362  industrial  park  road,  suite  7,  middletown,  ct  06457  450  lexington  avenue,  new  york,  ny  10017  8606137000  copyright  2019  artis  energy  362  industrial  park
__label__energymonitoringmanagement today,  most  plant  operators  and  building  managers  have  limited  ability  to  analyze  energy  consumption  and  use  insights  from  that  analysis  to  optimize  energy  resources.  management  efforts  typically  focus  on  keeping  the  lights  on,  resulting  in  a  missed  opportunity  to  drive  significant  cost  savings  and  generate  revenue.  increasingly,  however,  ongoing  innovation  in  internet  of  things  iot  and  smart  building  capabilities  are  raising  the  bar  of  how  an  energy  management  solution  ems  can  provide  actionable  insight  to  drive  continuous  improvement  in  efficiency  and  reliability.  an  iotenabled  ems  can  drive  cost  savings  and  business  benefits  for  organizations  managing  a  variety  of  large  plants,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement facilities  and  buildings.  by  leveraging  networks  of  intelligent  devices  that  collect,  share  and  analyze  data,  an  ems  can  monitor  and  measure  energy,  delivering  insights  that  allow  a  business  to  proactively  implement  measures  to  reduce  consumption,  manage  resources  more  efficiently  and  reduce  the  risk  of  outages  and  breakdowns.  moreover,  an  ems  provides  a  network  of  intelligent,  connected  devices  that  continually  collect,  analyze  and  share  data.  this  network  can  provide  the  foundation  for  a  broader  iot  strategy  aimed  at  optimizing  manufacturing  operations  and  supply  chain  processes,  enhancing  security  and  improving  warehouse  management.  energy  management  solutions  ems  that  monitor  and  analyze  energy  consumption
__label__energymonitoringmanagement are  becoming  a  bottomline  business  priority.  one  area  of  focus  is  preventing  the  another  concern  is  procuring  adequate  resources  in  a  market  of  finite  supply:  over  the  next  several  decades,  ,  with  industrial  users  accounting  for  approximately  half  of  consumption.  government  regulations  must  also  be  considered.  many  states  have  defined  energy  efficiency  resource  standards  eers  while  the  measures  at  present  are  largely  voluntary,  the  targets  tend  to  increase  over  time;  political  pressure,  moreover,  may  gradually  force  a  shift  towards  mandatory  statutes.  in  this  environment,  energy  service  companies  escos  the  commercial  and  nonprofit  entities  that  develop  and  implement  energy  solutions  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  customers  they  serve  are  exploring  how  emerging  technology  can  more  effectively  manage  energy  consumption  to  reduce  costs,  mitigate  risk  and  address  environmental  concerns.  specifically,  interest  is  growing  in  how  the  internet  of  things  iot  can  be  leveraged  to  improve  energy  management.  by  deploying  networks  of  smart,  connected  assets  and  devices  that  continually  collect,  analyze  and  share  data,  the  iot  can  deliver  deep  insights  into  how  large  facilities,  factories,  utilities  and  buildings  consume  energy.  these  insights,  in  turn,  can  enable  ems  strategies  that  drive  resource  optimization  and  increasingly  autonomic  improvement.  questions  being  explored  by  enterprises  seeking  to  develop  iotenabled  ems
__label__energymonitoringmanagement strategies  include:  the  foundational  elements  of  an  ems  include  the  placement  of  smart,  connected  sensors  across  the  energy  infrastructure.  in  the  case  of  an  electrical  system,  that  includes  circuits,  transformers  and  transmission  lines.  these  sensors  have  the  capability  to  monitor  and  measure  critical  information  such  as  pressure,  temperature  and  heat  all  factors  that  contribute  significantly  to  component  failure.  more  importantly,  the  data  collection,  sharing  and  analytical  functionality  of  ems  assets  provide  an  integrated,  big  picture  perspective  of  how  a  specific  electrical  component  such  as  a  transformer  might  impact  the  grid  as  a  whole  this  perspective  is  essential  to  enable  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement predictive  analytics  and  proactive  intervention  that  prevents  power  outages.  at  present,  most  utilities  lack  this  holistic  vision  of  energy  operations,  and  at  best  are  able  to  collect  bits  and  pieces  of  data  in  a  discrete  manner.  to  appreciate  the  implications  of  this  limited  view,  consider  the  recent  ,  which  was  caused  by  the  failure  of  key  substations  damaged  by  an  underground  fire  a  fire  that  heatsensitive  sensors  may  well  have  detected  early  on.  the  11hour  outage  impacted  approximately  30,000  traveleras,  and,  according  to  ,  is  likely  to  cost  airlines  at  least  100  million  in  lost  revenue  and  other  expenses.  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement addition  to  monitoring  equipment  to  improve  maintenance  and  prevent  failures,  ems  tools  that  measure  usage  and  the  flow  of  energy  through  a  network  provide  insight  that  can  improve  the  efficiency  of  energy  consumption  in  a  number  of  ways.  again,  the  holistic  perspective  provided  by  networks  of  smart,  connected  devices  is  key.  by  monitoring  hvac  equipment,  as  well  as  temperatures  in  different  buildings,  floors  and  rooms,  an  ems  can  help  an  office  park  optimize  temperature  variations  during  extreme  heat  or  cold,  and  adjust  temperatures  based  on  occupancy.  a  utility,  meanwhile,  can  gauge  usage  among  its  various  customers  to  align  energy  production
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  peaks  and  valleys  in  demand.  from  the  standpoint  of  developing  an  overarching  ,  an  ems  provides  a  foundational  building  block  to  support  a  wide  range  of  initiatives.  specifically,  the  intelligent  devices,  assets  and  databases  comprising  as  ems  can  be  integrated  with  myriad  other  devices,  assets  and  databases  to  create  the  system  of  systems  underpinning  the  iot.  consider  these  examples:  a  fundamental  challenge  confronting  any  iot  initiative  is  integrating  myriad  disparate  devices,  systems  and  platforms.  at  present,  no  commonly  accepted  standards  exist  for  iot  platforms;  as  a  result,  achieving  the  critical  functionality  of  connecting  devices  and  seamlessly  sharing  data  becomes
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  challenge.  more  specifically,  enterprises  developing  an  ems  face  several  risks:  when  developing  an  ems,  or  any  iotrelated  initiaitve,  defining  the  scope  of  the  project  presents  a  challenge.  because  energy  comprises  a  such  a  broad  and  in  many  respects  nebulous  entity,  identifying  specific  improvement  targets  or  quantifiable  goals  can  be  difficult.  as  a  result,  teams  charged  with  developing  an  ems  vision  often  lapse  into  boil  the  ocean  approach  and  struggle  to  develop  a  compelling  business  case  that  demonstrates  concrete  benefits.  an  effective  ems  initiative  focuses  on  converting  realtime  data  into  useful  information  that  drive  specific  tactical  improvements  that  yield  measurable
__label__energymonitoringmanagement returns  within  a  compressed  timeframe.  benchmarking  against  industry  standards  as  well  as  internal  comparators  can  help  chart  progress.  these  tactical  quick  wins,  moreover,  can  build  momentum  for  a  broader  vision  and  strategy  for  how  the  ems  and,  more  broadly,  the  iot  as  a  whole,  can  benefit  the  business.  a  minimal  viable  product  mvp  methodology  characterized  by  early  release,  adjustments  based  on  testing  and  user  feedback  and  quick  capture  of  roi  is  ideally  suited  to  developing  an  ems  strategy.  continual  feedback  institutionalizes  communication  between  it  and  operations,  drives  a  focus  on  business  outcomes  and  makes  the  task  of  data  analysis  more
__label__energymonitoringmanagement manageable  rather  than  seeking  a  needle  of  insight  from  a  haystack  of  numbers,  the  model  provides  a  window  of  perspective  to  expand  upon.  for  example,  a  mvp  approach  can  be  applied  to  develop  a  sensor  that  monitors  a  buildings  temperature  and  occupancy,  and  adjusts  heating  and  cooling  to  reduce  energy  usage  in  empty  spaces.  the  initial  rollout  which  could  be  completed  in  4  to  12  weeks  might  measure  energy  and  cost  savings  that  result,  while  subsequent  iterations  could  add  enhanced  data  collection  and  analytical  features.  these  could  then  be  applied  to  automate  the  adjustment  of  energy  flow  and  temperature  control
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  response  to  occupancy  levels.  when  seleting  a  platform  for  an  ems  solution,  the  top  priority  should  be  connectivity  and  ease  of  integration,  aimed  at  enabling  data  capture  from  assets  in  real  time.  solutions  that  require  extensive  customization  or  building  connectivity  from  scratch  should  be  avoided.  the  goal  should  be  to  enable  integration  and  data  sharing  between  devices,  leverage  existing  investments  and  connect  preconfigured  assets  without  extensive  thirdparty  intervention  to  develop  interfaces.  ease  of  connectivity  is  also  essential  to  an  ems  cybersecurity  profile,  as  extensive  customization  and  reconfiguration  of  assets  increases  the  number  of  potential  entry  points  of  threats.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement implementation  of  an  ems  creates  an  opportunity  to  develop  a  new  mindset  that  expands  the  traditional  role  of  the  it  organization.  by  driving  ongoing  communication  and  collaboration  between  it  and  operations,  an  ems  facilitates  innovative  thinking  around  business  process  redesign,  the  application  of  data  to  solve  problems  and  the  establishment  of  meaningful  new  efficiency  metrics.  through  this  process,  the  notion  of  energys  role  and  its  impact  on  the  business  is  redefined,  as  is  understanding  of  how  it  can  contribute  to  operational  optimization.  the  potential  outcome  is  a  new  business  model  that  leverages  the  virtuous  circle  of  ongoing  data  collection  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement analysis  and  continuous  and  increasingly  autonomic  improvement.  mariana  azaola  leads  softteks  smart  cities  and  sustainability  iot  solutions  practice.  she  has  a  background  in  energy  efficiency,  sustainable  development  and  policy.  dagoberto  mata  is  global  vice  president,  head  of  industrial  internet  u.s.a  and  canada  at  softtek.  he  has  more  than  16  years  of  experience  in  business  consulting  services,  working  with  global  fortune  1000  organizations  to  maximize  technology  investments,  drive  innovation  and  enable  competitive  advantage.  dagoberto  is  a  member  of  the  ,  a  worldclass  organization  and  an  engine  for  economic  development  for  the  state  of  georgia.  founded  in  1982,  softtek  is  a  global
__label__energymonitoringmanagement provider  of  processdriven  it  solutions  with  30  offices  in  latin  america,  europe  and  asia.  with  15  global  delivery  centers  in  the  u.s.,  mexico,  china,  brazil,  argentina,  costa  rica,  spain,  hungary  and  india,  softtek  helps  improve  timetobusinesssolution,  lower  costs  of  existing  applications,  deliver  better  engineered  and  tested  applications,  and  produce  predictable  outcomes  for  toptier  corporations  in  over  20  countries.  through  onsite,  onshore  and  its  trademarked  global  nearshore  service  delivery  models,  softtek  teams  with  cios  to  constantly  increase  the  business  value  of  it.  softtek  is  the  creator  and  a  leader  of  the  nearshore  industry.  2018  softtek
__label__energymonitoringmanagement what  exactly  can  leds  and  an  iot  system  do  for  your  energy  management?  in  the  past,  especially  in  large  industrial  and  manufacturing  plants,  it  has  been  difficult  to  optimize  the  energy  usage.  with  maintenance  nearly  impossible  to  predict,  iot  has  been  a  game  changer  for  plant  operators  and  building  managers.  an  iot  energy  management  system  continually  collects  data  from  a  network  of  intelligent  devices  and  sensors.  the  areas  in  which  iot  is  effective  are  in  preventing  outages,  analyzing  energy  consumption,  and  in  creating  a  comprehensive  smart  business  approach.  in  an  energy  management  system,  it  is  essential  to  manage  the  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement infrastructure.  the  ability  to  monitor  and  measure  data  that  may  impact  the  entire  system  is  essential  in  being  as  efficient  as  possible.  the  data  gathered  may  prove  that  things  are  working  in  the  manner  desired  and  expected,  or  it  may  send  an  alert  for  an  early  maintenance  intervention  that  would  avoid  a  larger  issue.  by  connecting  the  different  networks  of  smart  devices,  energy  managers  are  able  to  see  a  comprehensive  view  of  their  energy  consumption.  from  hvac  to  lighting,  usage  can  be  adjusted  based  on  the  need  of  each  area,  on  each  day,  at  each  specific  time.  the  ability  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement tailor  the  system  so  specifically  so  precisely  ensures  that  no  energy  is  wasted  unnecessarily.  the  data  gathered  by  the  iot  system  provides  the  information  needed  to  respond  to  the  energy  demands  in  the  area.  an  energy  management  system  can  also  be  expanded  to  include  a  broader  view  of  the  business.  iot  has  the  capability  to  optimize  business  operations,  supply  chain  processes,  security  systems,  and  warehouse  management.  with  these  systems  all  working  together,  they  can  ensure  that  each  system  is  efficiently  using  its  resources.  such  a  comprehensive  energy  management  plan  is  guaranteed  to  provide  a  return  on  its  investment  as  it
__label__energymonitoringmanagement analytics  drawn  from  iot  devices  enable  operators  to  better  understand  the  number  of  machines  necessary  to  support  a  building.  for  example,  data  from  hvac  systems  can  help  operators  determine  the  performance  levels  necessary  to  ensure  optimum  levels  of  comfort  for  occupants.  these  performance  metrics  can  also  translate  to  future  savings  on  renovation  projects  and  new  buildings,  providing  continuous  value  add.  operators  now  have  the  ability  to  control  systems  remotely  on  phone  apps  and  desktop  interfaces.  analytics  data  can  help  generate  policies  and  alerts  about  system  performance  issues,  reducing  the  need  to  rely  on  local  personnel  for  operational  support.  preventative  maintenance
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  often  difficult,  relying  on  intuition  rather  than  data  to  schedule  downtime  and  repair  for  machines.  predictive  maintenance  powered  by  the  iot  can  monitor  performance  and  overall  health  of  many  different  machines,  able  to  predict  and  subsequently  help  operators  prevent  machine  failure.  cut  back  on  operational  downtime  and  failure  with  secure  frameworks  provided  by  the  intel  iot  platform.  success  thanks  for  signing  up  for  bit  feed.  your  email  with  the  intel  perspective  on  the  weeks  top  energy  stories  will  arrive  every  friday  morning  enjoy  due  to  a  technical  difficulty,  we  were  unable  to  submit  the  form.  please  try  again  after
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  few  minutes.  we  apologize  for  the  inconvenience.  by  signing  up,  you  agree  to  our  and  .  by  signing  up,  you  agree  to  our  and  .  discover  mobile  solutions  that  enhance  the  capabilities  of  energy  workers  for  better  field  work.  create  reliable,  highquality  utility  services  with  mobile  workflows.  intel  hpc  solutions  provide  superior  infrastructure  for  oil  and  gas  operations.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement our  current  energy  management  systems  are  inadequate.  atmospheric  concentrations  of  greenhouse  gases  are  estimated  to  reach  almost  685  parts  per  million  ppm  by  2050,  well  above  the  concentration  level  of  450  ppm  required  to  have  at  least  a  50  chance  of  stabilizing  the  climate  at  a  2  degrees  celsius  global  average  temperature  increase,  the  goal  set  at  the  2010  in  cancn,  mexico.  the  widespread  deployment  of  industrial  internet  of  things  technologies  will  have  a  hand  in  helping  reducing  our  current  energy  usage,  and  get  us  closer  to  more  sustainable  levels.  the  average  cost  to  deploy  a  basic  building  management  system
__label__energymonitoringmanagement bms  is  at  least  2.50  per  square  foot  and  can  be  ,  equivalent  to  at  least  250,000  for  a  100,000squarefoot  building.  the  very  high  cost  of  traditional  bms  means  roi  is  a  challenge  for  all  but  the  largest  buildings;  often  it  takes  at  least  four  years  to  recover  the  cost  of  a  bms  installation.  low  roi  limits  the  willingness  of  owners  to  invest  in  bms  deployments  in  more  than  90  of  buildings.  where  bms  is  deployed,  it  is  usually  only  to  control  the  hvac  system  in  hightraffic  areas  in  the  very  largest  buildings,  well  over  100,000squarefeet.  and  these  buildings  make
__label__energymonitoringmanagement up  only  10  of  the  u.s.  commercial  real  estate  stock.  even  in  these  buildings,  bms  usually  isnt  applied  to  lowtraffic  areas  such  as  warehouses,  stockrooms  or  garages,  or  to  distributed  equipment  such  as  pumps,  generators  or  parking  lot  lights  on  campuses  and  industrial  sites,  titled  affordable  building  automation  system  enabled  by  the  internet  of  things  .  now,  thanks  to  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  those  capex  costs  are  significantly  decreased,  and  continue  to  become  more  affordable.  the  industrial  internet  of  things,  with  its  lowpowered  networks  and  inexpensive  sensors,  is  helping  to  keep  smart  building  costs  down.  according  to  buildings  ,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement adding  iiotbased  controls  and  monitoring  to  a  building  can  cost  from  just  5,000  to  50,000.  intel  says  an  iotbased  approach  using  wireless  sensors  can  reduce  deployment  cost  by  around  30  when  compared  to  a  traditional  bms.  building  management  systems  are  proven  solutions  to  reducing  energy  usage,  operational  costs  and  minimizing  a  buildings  environmental  footprint.  big  data  goes  hand  and  hand  with  iiot,  and  is  present  in  just  about  every  energyrelated  implementation.  its  the  information  that  is  processed,  calculated  and  acted  upon  in  the  cloud.  when  it  comes  to  energy  savings,  that  data  includes  specifics  on  when  and  how  much  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  used  in  every  building.  knowing  this  information  allows  energy  utilities  to  make  their  systems  more  efficient  by  routing  energy  appropriately.  another  benefit  of  big  data  is  its  ability  to  help  systems  predict  equipment  failures  and  malfunctions,  as  well  as  optimal  and  minimal  times  of  energy  use  so  energy  can  be  correctly  distributed.  energy  management  in  the  smart  grid  gives  grid  operators  the  ability  to  see  and  manage  electricity  usage.  engineers  will  be  able  to  more  precisely  and  predictably  manage  energy  production  so  additional,  costly  power  plants  dont  need  to  be  put  to  use.  energy  demands  used  to  be  small
__label__energymonitoringmanagement when  our  aging  infrastructure  was  put  into  place.  grids  worked  using  a  one  way  interaction,  and  had  difficultly  responding  to  energy  demands.  the  smart  grid  introduces  twoway  communication  where  electricity  and  information  can  be  exchanged  between  the  utility  and  its  customers.  new  tools  and  technologies  can  start  working  together  to  make  grid  more  efficient,  reliable,  secure  and  environmentally  friendly.  this  communication  between  sources  of  power,  power  plants  and  homes  allows  renewable  energy  sources,  with  variable  power  production,  to  more  efficiently  be  linked  to  a  power  source.  and  smart  metering  applies  to  energy  ,  allowing  customers  and  utilities  the  insight  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement optimize  usage.  this  allows  engineers  the  ability  to  defer  electricity  usage  away  from  peak  hours.  another  important  iot  trend,  this  one  cuonsumerfacing,  toward  smarter  energy  consumption  is  theconsumer  applications  available  for  tracking  and  managing  energy  usage.  products  like  the  nest  thermostat  link  to  an  application  that  lets  users  adjust  their  energy  usage  remotely.  so  nest  ownerscan  adjust  their  power  usage  remotely  at  any  time,  getting  rid  of  unnecessary  energy  waste  and  cost  for  something  as  simple  as  leaving  a  light  on  before  going  on  vacation.  other  technologies  like  smart  lamps  and  fans  are  also  helping  optimize  energy  usage  within  individual
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement building  energy  management  systems  bems  are  computerbased  systems  that  help  to  manage,  control  and  monitor  building  technical  services  hvac,  lighting  etc.  and  the  energy  consumption  of  devices  used  by  the  building.  they  provide  the  information  and  the  tools  that  building  managers  need  both  to  understand  the  energy  usage  of  their  buildings  and  to  control  and  improve  their  buildings  energy  performance.  hvac  heating,  ventilating,  and  air  conditioning  is  the  technology  of  indoor  environmental  control.  its  goal  is  to  manage  air  temperature,  humidity,  and  quality  to  meet  the  needs  of  both  people  and  industrial  processes.  with  lowcost  sensors,  wireless  connectivity  and  more
__label__energymonitoringmanagement powerful  data  processors,  hvac  companies  are  now  able  to  collect  realtime  performance  data  and  monitor  the  condition  of  their  equipment.  remote  monitoring  solutions  can  monitor  hard  to  reach  areas  and  sites  in  order  to  alert  staff  to  breakage  and  heat  or  water  damage  in  a  cable.  iot  can  help  the  hvac  industry  improve  overall  equipment  effectiveness  and  save  money  by  minimizing  equipment  failure  and  optimizing  energy  usage  and  performance  levels.  the  global  energy  management  systems  market  size  is  expected  to  reach  usd  62.3  billion  by  2023,  from  usd  25.9  billion  in  2016,  growing  at  a  cagr  of  13.5  during  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement forecast  period  20172023.  source:  the  hvac  controls  market  was  valued  at  usd  13.63  billion  in  2018  and  is  expected  to  reach  usd  27.04  billion  by  2023,  at  a  cagr  of  12.1  between  2018  and  2023.  source:  automating  room  controls  or  guests  as  a  method  to  manage  energy  costs.  lower  shared  automatically  based  on  the  time  of  day  to  mitigate  the  heat  load  on  the  room.  when  occupied,  guests  would  have  access  to  the  remote  control  which  would  have  modes  such  as  good  night  scene,  morning  scene  and  video  recorder  to  see  outside  the  room.  success  can  be  measured  by  increasing
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  operational  and  financial  performance  of  buildings  and  by  optimizing  building  operations  while  improving  productivity.  to  save  money:  abems  can  efficiently  control  as  much  as  84  of  thebuildings  energy  consumption.  furthermore,  it  performs  its  functions  completely  automatically,  day  in,  day  out,  year  after  year  without  the  need  for  much  interaction.  to  control  the  energy  usage:bems  can  record  actual  consumption  data  and  then  compare  it  against  these  profiles  highlighting  over  or  under  usage.  to  be  made  aware  of  issues  before  they  become  problems:  abems  should  receive  and  communicate  different  levels  of  alarm  conditions,  allowing  building  owners  or  users  to  track  conditions
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  respond  quickly  if  the  need  arises.  to  provide  assets  with  the  correct  environment:  it  providesowners  with  the  satisfactory  data  that  enablesto  control  and  monitor  thebuilding,  whilst  at  the  same  time  providing  a  suitable  working  environment  for  the  people  or  objects  within.  to  ensure  building  continuity:  it  allows  the  compatibility  between  new  productswith  products  already  installed,  removing  the  need  to  replace  perfectly  good  equipment  whilst  at  the  same  time  securing  investments  already  made  in  training  and  system  knowledge.  to  integrate  across  all  building  services:systems  should  be  able  to  integrate  to  3rd  party  systems  or  products  such  as  packaged  units,  underfloor
__label__energymonitoringmanagement heating  which  prevents  differing  set  points  and  system  fighting,  lighting  controlor  access  system  signals  etc..  to  meet  social  and  corporate  responsibilities  objectives:  it  provides  reports  and  demonstrates  visually  how  energy  usage  and  carbon  emissions  are  being  reduced,  helping  to  meet  legislative  and  corporate  social  responsibility  demands.  sensors  that  control  lighting,  drapes,  shades,  thermostats.  could  be  retrofitted  with  zwave  in  a  brownfield.  wireless  is  the  most  efficient  even  in  a  greenfield  situation.  mesh  communication  system  that  is  selfhealing.  if  a  node  is  broken  or  disrupted  by  another  device  it  would  be  selfhealing.  installing  sensors  and  actuators  when  the  facility  is  operating
__label__energymonitoringmanagement can  be  challenging  due  to  the  potential  disruption  to  operations.  disruption  can  be  minimized  by  deploying  the  system  floor  by  floor  so  only  a  section  of  the  facility  is  closed  at  any  given  time.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement back  when  electricity  still  came  out  of  the  plug  socket,  energy  management  was  limited  to  manually  switching  devices  on  and  off,  and  occasionally  answering  the  door  to  the  meter  reader.  now,  however,  energy  use  is  scrupulously  monitored  and  meticulously  controlled.  energy  management  is  also  playing  an  ever  more  important  role  away  from  centralised  power  grids.  increased  networking  opens  up  wideranging  opportunities  for  managing  and  controlling  electrical  energy.  the  internet  of  things  iot  with  its  distributed,  interconnected  sensors  makes  it  possible  to  precisely  and  continuously  record  the  energy  drawn  by  any  given  item.  handling  this  flood  of  data  in  a  meaningful
__label__energymonitoringmanagement way  requires  tools  like  our  .  while  it  is  based  on  traditional  industrial  controllers,  the  ctr700  is  designed  for  use  in  the  iot.  the  device  is  ideal  for  energy  management  thanks  to  its  wide  variety  of  digital  and  analogue  interfaces,  which  facilitate  between  80  and  90  of  connections  to  other  devices.  the  ctr700  supports  fieldbuses  such  as  can  and  ,  as  well  as  modbus  and  other  interfaces.  the  smart  gateway  is  just  as  flexible  on  the  software  side  too.  c/c,  c/.net,  ,  java  and  python  are  among  the  programming  languages  that  can  be  used  to  access  and  customise  the  stacks
__label__energymonitoringmanagement provided  by  the  manufacturer  for  homegrown  applications.  to  enable  wireless  connectivity  e.g.  via  lte,  the  ctr700  can  be  fitted  with  a  wireless  modem  from  a  range  of  manufacturers.  the  ctr700  stands  out  from  the  competition  due  to  its  combination  of  a  freely  programmable  edge  controller  and  iot  gateway,  as  well  as  the  possibility  for  internal  data  preprocessing.  this  means  the  collected  data  can  be  preanalysed,  weighted  and  processed  while  still  in  the  device.  in  nuremberg  has  chosen  the  ctr700  as  a  solution  for  its  applications,  and  so  has  israeli  firm  from  kiryat  gat.  both  are  using  the  smart  gateway  as
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  basis  for  their  energy  management  applications.  bacsoft  developed  its  iot  platform  for  industrial  applications  and  larger  companies.  the  aim:  energy  management  and  optimisation.  to  that  end,  bacsoft  embraces  the  transmission  of  data  to  the  cloud  where  it  is  analysed  and  processed.  the  solution  is  used  worldwide  in  water  management  and  agriculture,  for  example,  but  also  in  building  energy  management  and  the  industrial  sector.  in  future,  the  bacsoft  iot  platform  will  run  on  the  sysworxx  ctr700  and  use  the  devices  preprocessed  data,  which  will  be  transferred  to  the  bacsoft  cloud  for  final  analysis  and  management  reporting.  sales  director  guy  gavish
__label__energymonitoringmanagement explains:  we  only  transmit  deltas  the  differences  between  the  identified  consumption  values.  as  a  result,  we  can  guarantee  highly  efficient  data  transmission.  we  also  get  rid  of  data  noise  i.e.  data  that  is  not  necessary  for  our  purpose  and  only  pass  along  the  datasets  that  are  actually  needed  at  the  time.  bacsoft  is  implementing  a  proprietary  software  controller  in  the  ctr700.  this  monitors  current  measurements  and  sends  a  notification  to  the  cloud  in  the  event  of  a  deviation  that  exceeds  10  of  the  average  value  for  example.  a  warning  is  then  sent  from  the  cloud  to  connected  smartphones  or  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement operators  control  room,  depending  on  the  configuration.  cloud  access  also  allows  those  responsible  to  monitor  their  energy  systems  in  real  time.aside  from  the  technical  features  of  the  ctr700,  bacsoft  was  particularly  impressed  by  the  fact  that  we  does  not  prioritise  its  own  software  solution  for  energy  management  and  the  iot.  they  give  us  the  freedom  to  implement  our  solutions  on  their  devices.  this  lets  us  provide  what  we  consider  to  be  the  perfect  combination  of  software  and  hardware.  electrical  engineer  peter  heusinger  describes  the  relationship  between  his  research  institute  and  the  saxonybased  sme  in  similar  terms.  we  generate  real  added
__label__energymonitoringmanagement value  through  our  partnership.  peter  heusinger  works  in  development  in  the  networked  systems  and  applications  department  at  fraunhofer  iis  and  is  involved  with  the  ogema  system,  which  will  run  on  the  sysworxx  controller  in  future.  ogema  the  open  gateway  for  energy  management  is  an  energy  management  system  that  was  designed  for  local  use  even  without  cloud  connectivity.  potential  uses  for  ogema  are  varied  and  include  industrial  applications  as  well  as  energy  control  in  smart  homes.  with  ogema,  heusinger  and  his  colleagues  want  to  address  a  challenge  that  is  not  only  ubiquitous  in  smart  homes:  the  multiplicity  of  interfaces  and  protocols.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  evolved  over  time,  and  there  is  still  a  lot  of  diversity,  explains  the  engineer.  he  adds  that  combining  the  many  different  interfaces  in  a  single  platform  was  not  a  trivial  matter:  if  you  want  to  link  these  systems  in  some  way  so  that  you  can  do  something  useful  with  the  energy,  then  you  need  to  work  with  all  these  interfaces.  the  result  is  a  platform  with  an  appbased  approach.  it  appears  that  the  goal  is  to  provide  a  platform  complete  with  a  future  app  store  for  developers  who  devise  particularly  sophisticated  algorithms  for  energy  management.  apps  can  be  installed
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  ogema  just  like  we  are  used  to  with  smartphones.  each  app  has  its  own  specific  area  of  coverage:  individual  devices,  perhaps,  or  control  tasks.  so  one  app  deals  with  readings  from  inverters  how  much  energy  is  my  solar  system  producing  at  this  moment?  another  retrieves  the  current  weather  report  and  the  forecast  for  the  next  few  days  from  the  internet  and  feeds  the  data  to  the  next  app,  which  uses  the  weather  data  to  make  energy  management  adjustments  for  the  immediate  future.  further  apps  take  care  of  querying  user  settings,  communicating  with  an  electric  car  if  there  is  one,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement or  carrying  out  actions  in  the  smart  home.  but  ogema  is  not  another  featureoriented  platform.  in  fact,  says  peter  heusinger,  the  focus  was  more  on  it  security:  we  thought  about  security  right  away  as  part  of  the  architecture.  by  taking  security  by  design  as  our  catchword,  we  hope  to  minimise  external  threats.  this  is  necessary  because  countless  security  incidents  in  the  last  few  years  have  shown  just  how  much  potential  for  damage  and  mischief  there  is  in  the  iot.  alongside  other  steps  to  protect  ogema,  the  fraunhofer  developers  commissioned  external  penetration  tests.  the  platform  works  with  an  integrated  persistent  database.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  is  intended  to  ensure  that  the  system  is  immediately  ready  for  use  with  no  loss  of  data  even  after  a  power  cut.  incoming  sensor  data  such  as  temperature,  energy  production  or  battery  charge  status  is  imported  through  interfaces.  this  is  stored  in  ogema  using  standardised  data  types.  the  aim  here  is  to  allow  apps  to  work  with  the  data  directly  without  the  need  to  convert  it  first.  data  models  with  a  focus  on  energy  management,  such  as  for  combined  heat  and  power  units  or  inverters,  are  included.  the  data  models  can  also  be  expanded  to  show  custom  datasets  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement individual  manufacturers  technical  devices  alongside  the  more  usual  data.  fraunhofer  iis  offers  a  basic  ogema  system  for  opensource  integration.  the  system  is  licensed  under  gplv3.  this  allows  developers  to  use  the  system  free  of  charge  provided  that  they  place  their  apps  and  adaptations  under  the  same  licence.  alternatively,  ogema  can  be  commercially  licensed  from  fraunhofer  with  advanced  features  for  proprietary  nonopensource  adaptations.  fraunhofer  itself  cannot  sell  ogema  as  a  readymade  overall  system.  thats  why,  heusinger  points  out,  the  sysworxx  ctr700  is  so  significant  since  it  provides  a  basis  on  which  to  build  good  hardware  and  software  prototypes:  with  its  wealth
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  interfaces  and  nonreliance  on  a  specific  programming  language,  the  smart  gateway  is  absolutely  fantastic.  aside  from  industrial  cloudbased  uses  and  local  energy  management  in  smart  homes  or  industry,  another  application  of  the  ctr700  is  managing  offgrid  technical  installations.  this  means  equipment  such  as  mobile  phone  masts  which  are  set  up  far  away  from  the  electricity  network.  field  systems  of  this  kind  are  supplied  with  energy  from  renewable  sources  such  as  solar  or  wind  power,  or  from  fuel  cells  or  conventional  generators  with  a  combustion  motor.  systems  that  use  renewable  energy  often  have  energy  storage  devices  as  well,  to  bridge
__label__energymonitoringmanagement any  periods  of  low  wind  or  sun.  these  batteries,  like  combustion  motors,  are  subject  to  wear.  the  vital  data  of  such  remote  energy  sites  must  therefore  be  constantly  monitored.  this  task  is  performed  by  sensors  connected  to  the  ctr700.  data  is  transmitted  preprocessed  as  the  ctr700  collects  and  processes  the  data.  only  when  threshold  or  expected  values  are  found  to  be  outside  a  defined  range  is  relevant  data  sent  to  the  operator.  there  are  two  advantages  to  this.  firstly,  it  reduces  transfer  volumes,  and  secondly,  it  clears  up  the  master  display.  however,  operators  can  still  access  the  system  remotely  at
__label__energymonitoringmanagement any  time  and  retrieve  the  raw  data.  for  systems  powered  by  fuel  cells  or  diesel  generators,  it  is  important  for  fuel  consumption  and  tank  levels  to  be  monitored.  the  ctr700  sends  the  operating  centre  this  data  on  fill  levels  and  consumption  during  runtime.  the  operating  centre  can  then  use  the  data  as  part  of  supply  chain  management  to  coordinate  tanker  routes  and  ensure  system  availability  at  all  times.  1x  16061000  sysworxx  ctr700  1x  192016  usb  stick  with  virtual  machine  incl.  compiler  /  demos  1x  162208  usb  2.0  cabel,  usb  a  st  micro  usb  b  st,  0,8m  1x  lxxxx  download  instructions
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 1x  l1190  esd  handling  instructions  1x  193006  sysworxx  phase  tester  rohs  compliant  our  iotedgecontroller  with  direct  meshnet  connection  digital  power  supply,  battery  management  energy  distribution  systems  please  contact  us  directly.  we  develop  your  individual  solution,  adapted  to  your  needs.  we  use  cookies  on  this  website  to  provide  you  the  the  best  possible  service.  by  continuing  to  browse  the  website,  you  consent  to  our  use  of  cookies.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement kalafoto  fotolia  a  is  a  lowvoltage  distribution  network  composed  of  a  variety  of  energy  components,  such  as  controllable  energy  loads  and  .  within  the  context  of  iot,  these  systems  turn  into  smart  microgrids,  which  have  remote  management  capabilities.  these  include  controllable  loads,  such  as  heating,  ventilation  and  air  conditioning  systems  and  electric  vehicles,  and  ders,  such  as  photovoltaics,  wind  turbines,  combined  heat  and  power,  fuel  cells  and  energy  storage  systems.  by  integrating  ders  and  controllable  loads  within  the  distribution  network,  the  microgrid  is  capable  of  operating  either  in  a  gridconnected  mode,  i.e.,  it  is  connected  to  the  power  grid,  or
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  an  islanded  mode,  i.e.,  it  is  disconnected  from  the  grid  and  uses  various  ders  to  supply  power  to  the  loads.  such  integration  differentiates  the  microgrid  from  most  conventional  power  systems  given  a  potential  for  twoway  power  flow.  in  most  grid  systems,  power  flows  from  generation  to  loads.  with  a  der,  it  is  possible  to  reverse  this  flow  in  the  local  grid  and  have  local  resources  the  higher  voltage  grid.  microgrids  also  introduce  new  challenges  to  power  management  and  control  methods.  an  energy  management  system  is  responsible  for  management  and  control  operations  in  traditional  power  systems,  but  with  a  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement microgrid,  it  is  now  necessary  to  advance  the  energy  management  system  so  as  to  cope  with  twoway  power  flows,  safety  of  the  grid  and  distributed  resources  under  outage  conditions,  and  maintenance  activities.  some  stakeholders  are  finding  it  challenging  to  modify  todays  control  methods  and  system  tools  quickly  enough.  thats  because  the  conditions  under  which  distribution  grids  operate  are  being  radically  modified  by  smart  loads,  distributed  generation,  inverse  power  flows,  new  digital  prosumers,  energy  storage  and  operating  the  grid  with  less  room  for  error.  as  ders  proliferate,  it  will  be  even  more  critical  to  have  advanced  grid  operation  tools  to  address
__label__energymonitoringmanagement power  harmonics,  voltage  fluctuations  and  protection  issues.  if  unmanaged,  these  resources  can  lead  to  grid  instability  and  higher  operating  costs.  active  grid  management  systems  need  data  from  throughout  the  grid  to  do  their  job.  this  is  where  the  comes  in,  making  it  easier  to  collect  and  analyze  data  from  traditional  grid  resources,  ders  and  other  electrical  assets  so  utilities  can  more  quickly  take  remedial  action  when  warranted.  with  this  data,  can  help  operations  perform  critical  functions,  including:  have  a  question  for  one  of  our  experts?  submit  it  now  .  all  questions  are  anonymous.  asks:  saving  energy  and  optimizing  distribution  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement benefits  of  iot  for  utilities.  but,  without  consumer  buyin,  ieee  senior  member  shawn  chandler  said,  ...  precision  farming  systems  can  improve  the  quality  and  yields  of  food  produced,  ieee  senior  member  shawn  chandler  says,  as  well  as  free  up  farmers  ...  smart  irrigation  systems  are  integral  to  saving  water  and  improving  efficiency.  ieee  senior  member  shawn  chandler  explains  how.  please  add  a  title  for  your  question  get  answers  from  a  techtarget  expert  on  whatevers  puzzling  you.  meet  all  of  our  view  all  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include
__label__energymonitoringmanagement description:  the  project  is  a  joint  effort  by  uconn,  city  of  hartford  the  capital  city  of  connecticut,  town  of  windham,  and  ccat  connecticut  center  for  advanced  technology  to  design  resilient,  sustainable,  highly  efficient  yet  affordable  community  microgrids,  and  optimize  their  performance  for  both  daily  and  emergency  operations.  this  objective  will  be  achieved  via  building  microgrid  cloud,  an  internetofthingsbased  integrative  sensing,  communication,  computing  and  control  framework,  to  perform  continuous  monitoring,  analytics  and  optimization  of  community  microgrid  operations.  the  proposed  platform  will  be  deployed  in  hartford  and  windham  to  serve  as  a  regional  research  test  bed  with  higher  microgrid  reliability,  reduced  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement costs,  improved  environmental  performance,  and  increased  community  income  through  enhanced  energy  efficiency.  major  requirements:  key  technologies  involve  an  iotenabled  realtime  data  streaming,  processing,  storage  and  feedback  architecture,  scalable  and  dynamic  resource  management  techniques  for  supporting  multilatency  realtime  data  analytics,  novel  optimization  techniques  on  community  microgrid  operation,  and  a  hybrid  programmable  communication  infrastructure  for  interconnecting  community  microgrid.  as  preparatory  work,  the  community  microgrid  managers  in  ct  municipalities  will  work  with  us  to  identify  the  requirements  of  daily  and  emergency  operations,  summarize  the  drawbacks  of  exiting  solutions  and  techniques.  major  steps:  1.  design  an  iotenabled  realtime  data  streaming,  processing,  storage  and  feedback
__label__energymonitoringmanagement architecture  to  collect  asynchronous  data  in  realtime  from  heterogeneous  data  sources  in  microgrids  distributed  energy  sources,  hardware  devices,  microgrid  utility  information,  etc.,  and  integrate  them  with  information  from  outside  the  grid  to  support  continuous  monitoring,  analytics  and  optimization  on  microgrid  operation  while  satisfying  their  timing  constraints.  2.  design  mixed  integer  nonlinear  optimization  methods  to  optimize  the  operation  of  community  microgrid,  particularly  addressing  the  uncertainty  and  dynamicity  from  intermittent  renewable  energy  sources.  3.  design  a  hybrid  programmable  communication  infrastructure  and  customized  sdnbased  techniques  to  meet  the  needs  of  highly  resilient  community  microgrid  e.g.,  delay  guarantee,  automatic  failure  recovery,  and  communication  speed
__label__energymonitoringmanagement control.  4.  collaborate  with  multiple  municipalities  to  implement,  deploy  and  customize  the  platform  for  multitimescale  microgrid  monitoring  and  analysis.  5.  summarize  best  practices  and  lessons  learned.  develop  a  plan  for  incorporating  other  infrastructures  e.g.,  transportation,  water,  food  into  the  platform.  key  performance  indicators  kpis:  energy  service  restoration  time  for  infrastructures  by  80  reduce  peak  energy  loads  by  10  increase  use  of  renewable/sustainable  energy  feedstocks  by  10  increase  use  of  distributed  generation  by  10  increase  use  of  energy  storage,  demand  response,  and  peak  load  management  by  10  reduce  co2  emissions  by  10  energy  cost  reduction  by  30  measurement  methods:  1.  economic
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  cost  data  from  municipalities.  2.  energy  metering  data  3.  online  questionnaire  to  citizens  4.  community  surveys.  replicability,  scalability,  and  sustainability:  1.  modular  and  hierarchical  design  that  is  scalable  and  reusable.  2.  using  widely  adopted  standards  e.g.,  openflow  and  open  source  platform  e.g.,  apache  kafka,  spark,  hadoop,  hbase  whenever  applicable.  3.  cloudbased  data  analytics  platform  enables  the  scalable  usage  of  computing  resources  for  both  daily  and  emergence  operations.  4.  certification  of  technology  and  interfaces  whenever  applicable.  project  impact:  1.  a  scalable,  integrated  sensing,  data  analytics,  control,  and  optimization  platform  for  smart  communities  2.  enable  aggregated  local  energy  sources  and  storages
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  demand  response  and  energy  saving  3.  reduced  energy  outage  and  interruption  risks  4.  significant  carbon  footprint  reduction  by  support  high  penetration  level  of  renewable  energy  team  lead:  peng  zhang,  were  here  to  help  and  advise.  1150  18th  st  nw  suite  900  washington,  dc  20036  copyright  2019  us  ignite.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement behindthemeter  energy  storage  systems.  solar  panels.  medical  equipment.  .  how  does  a  hospital  facility  manager  ensure  that  backup  power  systems  are  functional,  performing  at  optimal  levels,  and  compliant  with  state  and  federal  regulations?  in  the  nottoodistant  past,  mandatory  monthly  testing  could  involve  up  to  six  technicians  working  for  more  than  an  hour,  tediously  moving  from  one  machine  to  the  next,  taking  handwritten  notes  and  manually  compiling  reports.  ,  a  flexible  energy  network  of  things  platform  that  connects  and  controls  a  variety  of  distributed  energy  resources,  brings  energy  management  into  the  twentyfirst  century.  aurora  is  an  software  platform  that  monitors  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement manages  distributed  energy  resources  such  as  microturbines,  solar  panels,  fuel  cells,  combined  heat  and  power  chp,  and  smart  meters.  the  system  is  vendorneutral,  scalable,  and  easily  deployable.  auroras  secure,  webbased  interface  allows  a  technician  to  remotely  test  and  calibrate  equipment,  as  well  as  monitor  energy  use  and  production  in  realtime.  one  can  even  connect  microphones  and  webcams  to  remotely  perform  visual  inspections  and  ensure  that  nobody  is  physically  near  equipment  as  its  being  tested.  onsite  generation  isnt  just  for  emergency  purposes.  with  behindthemeter  energy  storage,  chp,  and  renewable  energy  sources,  a  facility  can  save  money  by  generating  its  own  electricity
__label__energymonitoringmanagement during  peak  demand  hours.  aurora  can  help  customers  take  advantage  of  demand  response  opportunities  by  using  realtime  pricing  information  to  automatically  switch  between  grid  and  local  power  as  grid  demand  drives  prices  up  or  down.  when  specifying  backup  generators,  engineers  perform  a  load  analysis  to  determine  the  optimal  size  of  the  generator,  and  we  always  add  a  little  extra  capacity  to  account  for  future  expansion.  when  replacing  a  generator,  it  seems  logical  to  specify  the  same  size,  but  that  fails  to  account  for  load  creep,  the  increase  in  energy  usage  caused  by  the  addition  of  new  devices  and  the  decrease
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  efficiency  from  aging  equipment.  auroras  monitoring  system  can  give  the  engineers  a  more  accurate  picture  of  the  actual  load  requirements,  allowing  them  to  choose  the  right  sized  replacement  generator.  and  were  not  talking  about  the  little  1500  watt  unit  that  i  keep  in  my  garage;  these  are  massive  generators  whose  installation  could  require  using  a  crane  and  shutting  down  a  city  street  for  a  while.  we  dont  want  to  replace  these  because  theyre  undersized.  since  2010,  behindthemeter  distributed  generation  has  increased  fourfold.  as  the  price  of  solar  and  storage  continues  to  plummet,  we  can  expect  this  growth  to  continue.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement blue  pillar  provides  a  secure  distributed  generation  infrastructure  dgi  that  allows  utilities  to  access  data  from  customer  microgrids,  effectively  making  the  microgrid  an  extension  of  the  utility  itself.  auroras  application  programming  interface  api  lets  utilities  create  their  own  apps  to  handle  grid  balancing,  load  management,  and  voltage  optimization  using  realtime  data.  raise  your  hand  if  you  like  paperwork  maybe  if  i  asked  that  on  bureaucracy.com  id  get  some  positive  responses.  facility  managers  have  better  things  to  do  than  write  reports,  so  aurora  automates  that  process,  generating  standard  reports  for  a  variety  of  agencies,  and  maintaining  records  in  an  electronically  searchable
__label__energymonitoringmanagement database  for  auditing  purposes.  energy  things  power  businesses  and  critical  infrastructure,  from  hospitals  and  data  centers  to  cable  and  wireless  networks.  more  than  seven  million  behindthemeter  energy  things  control  the  electricity  that  powers  the  world.  realtime  control  improves  efficiency  and  ensures  reliability.  blue  pillar  and  its  aurora  platform  have  received  the  following  awards  in  recognition  of  its  success  in  bringing  the  power  of  the  iot  to  critical  infrastructure:  gtm  grid  edge  2016  award  deloittes  2015  technology  fast  500  iot  evolution  iot  excellence  award  2015  energy  manager  todays  top  project  of  the  year  2015  2015  iot  evolution  smart  machines  innovation  award
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  golden  bridge  awards:  energy  industry  innovation  of  the  year  2015  global  cleantech  top  100  company  images  courtesy  of  blue  pillar  follow  dr.  tom  lombardo  on  ,  ,  ,  and  .  recommended  for  you  copyright  2019  engineering.com,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  registration  on  or  use  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of  our
__label__energymonitoringmanagement microgrids  are  helping  communities  in  puerto  rico  get  back  on  their  feet  but  smart  systems  and  energy  clouds  might  also  contribute  to  greater  resilience  in  the  wake  of  future  extreme  weather  episodes.  jessica  twentyman  reports.  :  our  event  will  be  taking  place  in  berlin,  germany  on  6  7  march  2018.  attendees  will  hear  how  companies  in  this  sector  are  harnessing  the  power  of  iot  to  transform  distributed  energy  resources.  december  45,  brimingham,  uk  may  12  13  santa  clara,  ca,  usa  june  15  17  chicago,  il,  usa  united  states  session  expired  the  login  page  will  open  in  a  new  tab.  after
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  population  of  the  earth  will  reach  ,  according  to  a  recent  report  by  the  united  nations.  as  people  move  to  more  populated  areas,  cities  are  facing  the  challenges  of  providing  enough  power  to  accommodate  everyone  while  using  outdated  power  grids.  built  in  the  1890s,  current  electric  grids  are  unreliable,  costly  and  inefficient.  a  single  fallen  tree  branch  can  cause  black  outs  in  entire  areas  for  hours.  not  to  mention,  congested  roadways  and  increased  emissions  continue  to  impact  the  health  and  happiness  of  people  across  the  globe.  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  the  power  to  reshape  the  way  we
__label__energymonitoringmanagement think  about  cities  across  the  world.  iot  connects  people  and  governments  to  smart  city  solutions  with  the  invention  of  smart  grid  technology,  designed  to  improve  upon  and  replace  the  older  architecture.  the  smart  grid  is  critical  to  building  a  secure,  clean,  and  more  efficient  future,  according  to  the  .  the  smart  grid  is  part  of  an  iot  framework,  which  can  be  used  to  remotely  monitor  and  manage  everything  from  lighting,  traffic  signs,  traffic  congestion,  parking  spaces,  road  warnings,  and  early  detection  of  things  like  power  influxes  as  the  result  of  earthquakes  and  extreme  weather.  the  smart  grid  does  this  through
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  network  of  transmission  lines,  smart  meters,  distribution  automation,  substations,  transformers,  sensors,  software  and  more  that  are  distributed  to  businesses  and  homes  across  the  city.  smart  grid  technologies  all  contribute  to  efficient  iot  energy  management  solutions  that  are  currently  lacking  in  the  existing  framework.  what  makes  the  iot  smart  grid  better  is  twoway  communication  between  connected  devices  and  hardware  that  can  sense  and  respond  to  user  demands.  these  technologies  mean  that  a  smart  grid  is  more  resilient  and  less  costly  than  the  current  power  infrastructure.  current  power  grids  arent  made  to  withstand  the  immense  draw  on  resources  and  the  need
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  transmit  data  for  billions  of  people  across  the  globe.  the  smart  grid  can  detect  energy  spikes  and  equipment  failure,  prevent  power  outages,  and  route  power  to  those  in  need  more  quickly.  here  are  just  a  few  of  the  benefits  of  transitioning  to  iot  smart  grid  technology:  smart  grid  technologies  will  help  to  reduce  energy  consumption  and  costs  through  usage  and  data  maintenance.  for  example,  intelligent  lighting  through  smart  city  technology  will  be  able  to  monitor  usage  across  different  areas,  immediately  adapt  to  settings  like  rain  or  fog,  adjust  output  to  meet  the  time  of  day  or  to  meet  traffic
__label__energymonitoringmanagement conditions,  and  detect  and  address  lighting  outages  instantly.  for  consumer  applications,  users  can  adjust  the  temperature  of  their  home  thermostats  through  apps  while  they  are  at  work  or  on  vacation.  smart  grid  technologies  are  less  demanding  on  batteries,  carbon  efficient,  and  designed  to  reduce  the  peak  load  on  distribution  feeders.  is  currently  integrating  green  technology  into  their  iot  smart  management  for  more  sustainable  solutions.  optimized  wind  turbines,  solar  cells,  microgrid  technologies,  and  feeder  automation  systems  have  the  potential  to  benefit  all  levels  of  the  distribution  chain.  todays  electrical  system  power  outages  and  interruptions  cost  americans  at  least  150  billion  each
__label__energymonitoringmanagement year,  putting  the  price  tag  at  about  500  per  person.  as  the  worlds  population  continues  to  rise,  the  older  grids  wont  be  able  to  keep  up  with  the  increasing  demands.  smart  grids  are  designed  to  lower  costs  through  smart  energy  iot  monitoring  and  source  rerouting  the  instant  a  power  failure  is  detected.  iot  smart  sensors  can  collect  .  this  will  ultimately  reduce  traffic  congestion,  provide  better  parking  solutions,  alert  drivers  to  traffic  incidents  and  structural  damage  to  city  landscapes,  and  allow  for  automatic  payments  at  road  tolls  and  parking  meters.  in  the  future,  iot  technology  is  even  expected  to  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement able  to  wirelessly  charge  electric  vehicles.  smart  cities  improve  efficiency  and  reduce  costs  in  their  waste  and  water  management  solutions.  iot  applications  can  provide  realtime  data  to  track  inventory  and  reduce  theft/loss.  cloudbased  analytics  and  traffic  control  can  improve  scheduling  and  time  spent  on  truck  routes.  smart  energy  analytics  can  gather  data  on  water  flow,  pressure,  temperature  and  more  to  help  consumers  keep  track  of  their  usage  habits.  timers  and  infrastructure  modules  can  help  regulate  usage  and  reduce  waste.  the  previously  mentioned  iea  report  discusses  that  smart  grids  could  be  used  to  get  electricity  to  sparsely  populated  areas  by  enabling
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  transition  from  simple,  oneoff  approaches  to  electrification  e.g.  batterybased  household  electrification  to  community  grids  that  can  then  connect  to  national  and  regional  grids.  these  grids  will  be  critical  for  the  deployment  of  new  power  infrastructures  in  developing  countries  that  are  beginning  to  experience  the  impacts  of  population  overflow.  starting  with  new  technology  ensures  the  best  path  to  economic  growth.  optimized  smart  city  solutions  mean  greater  insight  into  regional  issues.  imagine  a  smart  grid  set  up  to  respond  to  a  regional  drought  or  wildfires  in  a  dry  area.  similarly,  adaptive  city  fog  lighting  would  be  great  for  a  city  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  northeast  u.s.,  but  ineffective  somewhere  else.  customized  technology  and  better  data  collection  can  help  to  improve  the  daily  lives  of  countless  regional  populations.  these  are  just  a  few  of  the  many  benefits  that  iotenabled  smart  grid  solutions  can  provide.  once  fully  integrated,  smart  grid  technologies  can  change  the  way  we  work,  play,  and  interact  with  the  world  around  us.  smarter  cities  are  built  on  smarter  infrastructure.  telits  iot  applications  enable  solutions  for  smart  cities  and  transportation  which  allows  organizations  to  improve  efficiency  while  creating  smarter,  more  sustainable  cities  across  the  globe.  contact  usfind  out  how  our  iot  modules,  connectivity,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  services  have  helped  cities  improve  traffic  and  parking  safety,  reduce  the  cost  of  lighting,  and  efficiently  impact  waste  and  water  management  issues  across  the  globe.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  connecting  the  world  from  the  inside  out.  hit  enter  to  search  or  esc  to  close  knowledge  base  download  zone
__label__energymonitoringmanagement amicrogridis  a  localized  group  ofelectricitysources  and  loads  that  normally  operates  connected  to  and  synchronous  with  the  traditionalwide  area  synchronous  grid,  but  can  also  disconnect  to  island  mode  and  function  autonomously  as  physical  or  economic  conditions  dictate.  in  this  way,  a  microgrid  can  effectively  integrate  various  sources  ofdistributed  generationdg,  especiallyrenewable  energy  sourcesres  renewable  electricity,  and  can  supply  emergency  power,  changing  between  the  island  and  connected  modes.  microgrids  are  typically  supported  by  generators  orrenewablewind  and  solar  energy  resources  and  are  often  used  to  provide  backup  power  or  supplement  the  main  power  grid  during  periods  of  heavy  demand.  a  microgrid  strategy  that  integrates
__label__energymonitoringmanagement local  wind  or  solar  resources  can  provide  redundancy  for  essential  services  and  make  the  main  grid  less  susceptible  to  localized  disaster.  the  microgrid  market  is  expected  to  grow  from  usd  19.22  billion  in  2017  to  usd  39.10  billion  by  2023,  at  a  cagr  of  11.97  during  the  forecast  period.  source:  the  globalmicrogrid  marketis  expected  to  reach  usd  17.51  billion  by  2025,growing  at  a  cagr  of  17.0  source:  it  improves  electric  reliability:  microgrids  keep  the  power  flowing  by  disconnecting  or  islandingfrom  the  central  grid  when  it  begins  to  fail.  the  microgrids  generators,  and  possibly  batteries,  then  serve  the  microgrids  customers  until
__label__energymonitoringmanagement power  is  restored  on  the  central  grid.  it  enhances  resilience/recovery:itimmediately  restores  power  to  an  entire  building  or  operation,  leaving  occupants  barely  aware  a  disturbance  occurred.  it  alsois  programmed  to  restore  only  critical  services  within  a  facility.  a  microgrid  can  lower  energy  costsfor  consumers  and  businesses:  itreduces  costs  through  the  efficient  management  of  energy  supply.  microgrids  can  earn  revenue  by  providing  ancillary  services  to  the  central  grid.  ancillary  services  provide  support  functions  for  the  grid,  such  as  frequency  control  and  spinning  reserve.  it  improves  theenvironment  and  promotes  clean  energy:  microgrids  can  employ  a  wide  range  of  green  power  production  technologies.  these
__label__energymonitoringmanagement includesolar,  wind,  fuel  cells,  combined  heat,  and  power  chp  plants,  and  energy  storage  technologies.  natural  gas  generators,  used  in  many  chp  plants,  fall  on  the  cleaner  side  of  fossil  fuels.  a  microgrid  strengthens  the  central  grid  itbolsters  cybersecurity  itbrings  economic  value  to  society  itimproves  community  wellbeing  smart  metersallow  for  the  twoway  exchange  of  pricing,  usage  data,  and  electricity.  programmable  smart  appliances  and  devices  that  come  on  when  the  price  of  power  reaches  the  consumers  desired  price  point.  userfriendly  home  energy  control  systemsthat  allow  customers  to  interface  with  the  smart  microgrid  to  automatically  control  every  aspect  of  a  homes  power  usage.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  efficiency  improvements  that  help  consumers  use  less  energy  and  ultimately  save  money  on  monthly  electricity  bills.  advanced  energy  control  systems  to  make  commercial  buildings  smart.  advanced  lighting  technology  with  digitally  programmable  controls  that  are  responsive  to  the  cost  of  power,  the  number  of  occupants  in  a  building  and  where  occupants  are  located.  new  heating  and  air  conditioning  technology  that  automatically  adjusts  building  ventilation  rates  in  real  time  based  on  occupancy,  air  quality,  the  cost  of  power  or  any  other  factors  a  manager  chooses.  new  electricity  generation  systems  that  can  provide  power  to  individual  buildings  and  supply  power  to  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement entire  grid.  smart  switches,  relays  and  sensors  thatreplace  their  outdated  and  inefficient  predecessorsto  allow  the  smart  microgrid  to  manage  and  distribute  power  more  efficiently  and  reliably.  redundant  designs  that  provide  a  second  source  of  power  when  recurring  storms,  ice  and  squirrels  interrupt  power.  protected  infrastructure  installed  underground  or  within  structures.  computerized  controls  that  constantly  scan  for,  and  even  anticipate,  potential  instabilities  to  correct  problems  before  users  experience  any  disruption  in  service.  voltage  and  frequency  control:active  and  reactive  power  generated  has  to  be  in  balanced  condition  with  the  power  consumed  by  the  loads  including  the  losses  in  the  lines.  in  operation
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  the  microgrid,  a  challenging  task  is  to  operate  more  than  one  distributed  generation  on  the  island;  it  is  no  possible  to  use  the  active  and  reactive  power  control.  it  is  necessary  to  regulate  the  voltage  during  microgrid  operation  by  using  a  voltage  versus  reactive  power  droop  controller  for  local  reliability  and  stability.  islanding:  it  is  a  smallscale  representation  of  the  future  interconnected  grid  with  a  high  density  of  distributed  generations.  the  microgrid  provides  a  benchmark  between  island  and  the  interconeected  grid.  it  is  can  be  used  in  the  large  interconnected  grid  with  the  high  penetration  of  distributed  generation.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement islanding  control  strategies  are  very  important  for  the  operation  of  a  microgrid  in  autonomous  mode.  protection:  once  a  microgrid  is  formed,  it  is  important  to  assure  the  loads,  lines  and  the  distributed  generations  on  the  island  are  protected.  the  two  alternative  current  limiting  algorithms  to  prevent  the  flow  of  large  line  currents  and  protection  of  microgrid  during  utilityvoltage  sags.  there  are  as  resistanceinductance  feedforward  and  flux  chargemodel  feedback  algorithms,  for  use  with  a  voltage  source  inverter  vsi  connected  in  series  between  the  micro  source  and  utility  grids.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement when  it  comes  to  connected  things  operating  interactively  and  in  close  harmony  with  other  assets,  one  just  needs  to  look  at  the  electric  grid  as  a  prime  example  of  how  efficiencies  and  optimization  can  be  achieved  by  leveraging  remote  monitoring  and  control.  intelligent  grid  and  networkconnected  assets  can  be  readily  found  throughout  the  transmission,  substation  and  distribution  networks.  some  of  these  are  shown  in  figure  1.  with  assistance  from  the  american  recovery  and  reinvestment  act  arra  of  2009,  increasing  numbers  of  phasor  measurement  units  pmus  are  now  being  deployed,  monitored  and  analyzed  to  provide  greater  visibility  into  our  transmission  network.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement these  intelligent  sensors  are  able  to  capture  millisecond  samples  of  power  quality  and  transient  information  with  extreme  accuracy  of  both  the  physical  measurements  and  precision  time  stamping;  thus  building  a  repository  of  data  that  can  help  prevent  challenges  in  transmission.  information  that  is  gathered  from  pmus  and  other  line  sensors  will  enable  greater  use  of  renewable  energy  resources  to  be  grid  tied  at  the  supply  level.  when  coupled  with  intelligent  inverters  that  can  be  controlled  by  energy  management  systems  ems,  these  assets  now  become  viable  assets  to  support  the  needs  of  bulk  generation.  the  interplay  of  pmus  and  inverters  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement just  one  example  of  how  the  grid  of  things  got  leverages  smart  assets,  communications  networks  and  analytics  to  drive  value  to  the  enterprise.  connected  substations  and  interaction  among  connected  elements  has  been  a  cornerstone  of  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  operations.  intelligent  end  devices  ieds,  protective  relays,  power  quality  metering,  compensation  systems,  and  load  tap  changers  have  been  orchestrated  in  concert,  to  deliver  high  availability,  critical  operational  optimization  and  reliable  and  safe  functionality.  standards  such  as  dnp3  and  iec  61850  have  helped  drive  wide  acceptance  of  diverse  elements  from  a  variety  of  suppliers  to  achieve  key  operational  requirements.  here
__label__energymonitoringmanagement again,  the  energy  industry  has  achieved  many  of  the  objectives  that  the  generalized  iot  target  is  seeking.  on  the  distribution  network  side,  there  is  a  large  number  of  assets  that  are  operated  either  under  centralized  control  or  by  local  autonomous  action.  fault  location  and  service  restoration  flisr  is  just  one  example  where  the  operational  objective  for  fast  problem  isolation,  accurate  network  protection  and  improved  service  availability  is  met  with  a  combination  of  line  sensors  that  are  either  integrated  into  the  recloser  or  provided  by  remote  sensors.  however,  with  the  proliferation  of  even  more  sensors  and  grid  reenforcement  tools,  such  as
__label__energymonitoringmanagement advanced  smart  metering  and  grid  connected  distributed  energy  resource  assets  with  smart  inverters,  the  got  interaction  becomes  even  more  critical  requiring  greater  situation  awareness  and  complex  power  flow  models  with  near  real  time  sensor  data  to  drive  algorithms  that  can  be  used  to  achieve  the  most  effective  result.  conservation  voltage  reduction  cvr  and  volt/var  optimization  vvo  are  also  some  of  the  applications  that  are  leveraging  the  capabilities  of  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  that  provide  nearreal  time  remote  voltage  monitoring  along  the  feeder  to  provide  closed  loop  control  of  line  regulators,  capacitor  banks  and  load  tap  changers  ltcs  at  the  substation.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement while  one  may  consider  that  these  capabilities  can  be  enabled  by  simple  machine  to  machine  m2m  communications,  the  real  value  of  the  got  is  achieved  when  all  elements  of  the  solution  are  fully  managed.  management  of  all  elements  in  the  chain  including  end  devices,  communications  networks,  security  and  applications,  are  key  characteristics  of  a  got  that  must  be  in  place  to  ensure  the  sustainability  and  viability  of  a  given  solution.  configuration  data,  operational  characteristics,  device  rules,  security  keys,  and  core  functional  foundations,  such  as  operating  system  os  updates  are  essential  characteristics  of  device  management.  providing  this  over  a  secure  overtheair
__label__energymonitoringmanagement process  eliminates  the  need  to  visit  each  device.  as  networks  become  more  integral  to  the  solution,  traditional  means  of  network  management  must  be  augmented  with  tools  and  methods  that  must  now  include  failover  configurations,  quality  of  service  qos  and  airlink  management.  application  management  also  becomes  a  critical  component  of  the  solution  set  particularly  if  this  is  provided  as  a  cloudbased  platform.  building  on  the  got  movement  is  becoming  essential  to  achieve  key  utility  business  objectives,  such  as  improving  customer  average  interruption  duration  index  caidi,  and  system  average  interruption  frequency  index  saifi  and  managing  distributed  energy  resource  der  hosting  capability.  got
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  a  foundational  requirement  for  effective  grid  modernization.  leveraging  asset  information  that  is  delivered  over  reliable,  robust  and  readily  available  communications  infrastructures  that  enable  actionable  activities  driven  by  analytics  is  the  core  foundation  for  sustainability  required  by  the  iot.  industrial,  commercial,  consumer  and  community  use  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  represent  another  interesting  aspect  where  the  ability  to  leverage  asset  information  command  and  control  is  leading  to  operational  transformation.  some  of  areas  of  interest  include  commercial  and  industrial  iot,  residential  iot  and  smart  cities  iot.  although  each  particular  area  of  iot  is  of  unique  interest,  there  is  a  need
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  exploit  the  intersection  of  got  and  iot,  in  an  area  identified  as  holistically  orchestrated  things  hot.  see  figure  5.  the  opportunity  for  coordination  among  these  domains  focuses  on  transforming  the  relationship  between  grid  providers  and  load  entities  from  a  service  delivery  point  to  an  energy  partner.  this  will  become  increasingly  more  prevalent  as  customer  or  jointly  owned  and  operated  supply  assets  transactively  participate  with  the  grid.  with  lowercost  renewable  assets  finding  their  way  on  to  facility  rooftops  or  parking  lots,  many  passive  energy  user  customers  are  forging  into  deeper  understanding  of  the  potential  energy  value  they  can  provide.  possible
__label__energymonitoringmanagement intersecting  areas  for  industrial  iot  and  the  grid  include:  although  the  individual  contribution  of  any  single  residential  energy  provider  may  not  be  significant,  aggregation  of  functionality  and  services  provide  an  interesting  potential  area  for  greater  exploration.  some  of  the  intersecting  areas  of  interest  include:  smart  cities  provide  additional  potential  for  intersection  of  hot.some  of  the  potential  areas  for  collaborative  value  between  smart  cities  and  utilities  include:  the  collaboration  between  the  got  and  the  iot  provide  opportunities  for  synergy,  growth  and  innovative  ways  to  bring  value  to  the  utility,  customers  and  the  community.  ,  enernex  vice  president  of  grid  modernization,  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  recognized  thought  leader  and  industry  expert  in  utility  modernization.  he  has  a  deep  operating  knowledge  in  technology  solutions  in  areas  such  as  microgrids,  renewable  energy  integration,  smart  grid,  distribution  automation  da,  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  and  demand  response.  he  provides  strategic  consulting  services  to  leading  energy  industry  suppliers  of  products  and  services,  in  the  following  areas:  microgrids,  demand  response,  battery  energy  storage  solutions  and  behind  the  meter  technologies.  ron  has  over  35  years  of  experience,  including  previous  positions  with  schneider  electric  and  dnv  gl.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement getty  images  iot  facilitates  renewable  energy  management  and  growth  still  some  missing  links  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our
__label__energymonitoringmanagement smart  building  research  thought  leadership  which  research  categories  are  you  interested  in?  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  meemoori  research  ab  5590962808  pipersgatan  26  11228  stockholm  sweden  which  research  categories  are  you  interested  in?  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  use  of  this  site  constitutes  acceptance  of  our  and  which  research  categories  are  you  interested  in?  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  we  will  make  sure  youre  the  first  to  know  about  all  the  latest  news  and  insights.  microgrids  have  grown  to  over  1.2  gigawatts  gw  in  capacity,  with  future  projections  reaching  20gw  by  2020  and  100gw
__label__energymonitoringmanagement by  2030,  that  is  according  to  andres  carvallo,  ceo  of  ,  a  consultancy  that  advises  on  smart  grids  and  other  infrastructure.  carvallo  told  attendees  at  the  conference  in  washington,  d.c.  last  week  that  he  believes  the  ability  of  microgrids  to  operate  autonomously  from  larger  grids  could  prove  to  be  a  major  driver  of  internet  of  things  iot  adoption  in  smart  cities  of  the  future.  highly  instrumented  microgrids  can  strengthen  grid  resilience  and  help  minimize  outages  in  the  larger  utility  grid,  said  carvallo.  microgrids  are  designed  to  enable  twoway  power  flow  and  twoway  dataflow  that  require  pervasive  instrumentation  and  connectivity  on
__label__energymonitoringmanagement just  about  every  device  within  it.  are  small,  local  energy  grids  that  can  be  disconnected  from  the  larger  utility  grid  and  operate  independently.  they  are  often  powered  by  multiple  technologies  that  include  solar  pv,  natural  gas  chp  engines,  or  diesel  generators.  a  modern  microgrid  usually  requires  connectivity,  sensors,  energy  management  software,  device  management  software,  analytics  and  machine  learning  software  for  optimization.  carvallo  sees  these  characteristics  making  microgrids  one  of  the  most  significant  applications  for  increasing  the  adoption  of  iot  for  smart  cities.  as  these  highly  connected,  datarich  electricity  grids  encourage  efficiency,  facilitated  by  the  iot,  and  foster  greater  data  transfer
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  and  from  all  manner  of  energy  consuming,  storing  and  generating  technology.  other  experts,  however,  have  been  seeing  things  from  the  other  way  around.  suggesting  that  it  is  the  iot  driving  the  increasing  adoption  of  microgrids  around  the  world.  the  emergence  of  the  internet  of  things  will  strengthen  communication  channels  between  machines  and  minimize  human  intervention,  thereby  speeding  up  the  shift  to  an  integrated  microgrid  structure,  said  research  analyst  guhan  sriram  r  v.  the  incorporation  of  predictive  analysis  will  further  bolster  the  reliability  of  the  microgrid.  grid  iot  software  allows  for  the  ideal  amount  of  energy  from  the  cheapest,  most
__label__energymonitoringmanagement environmentally  friendly,  source  to  be  delivered  where  its  needed,  when  its  needed,  while  minimising  waste.  via  an  iot  enabled  microgrid,  energy  can  be  shifted  in  splitsecond  in  order  to  respond  to  changes  in  demand,  weather  or  public  events,  reacting  much  like  the  bigger,  national  grids,  do.  also  plays  a  significant  role  in  the  continuing  development  of  microgrids.  advancements  in  battery  technology  and  the  subsequent  drop  in  battery  prices  have  acted  as  major  catalysts  for  microgrid  deployment.  energy  storage  allows  for  better  load  balancing,  especially  from  intermittent  generation  sources  like  solar  and  other  renewables.  and  it  is  these  energy  sources  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement have  allowed  for  independence  from  national  grids,  a  major  driving  force  behind  microgrid  deployment.  storage  inverters,  power  conversion  systems  pcs  and  other  components  are  also  expected  to  experience  significant  competition  in  the  coming  years,  further  driving  prices  down.  in  fact,  for  a  typical  30minute  duration  utilityscale  liion  system,  more  than  60  of  the  total  reduction  in  system  costs  between  2013  and  2019  will  come  from  the  balanceofplant  equipment,  rather  than  from  batteries  alone.  the  breakdown  of  system  costs,  and  the  future  evolution  of  prices,  varies  significantly  depending  on  whether  the  system  is  configured  to  provide  a  highpower  or  highenergy  application,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement said  ,  solar  supplychain  and  energy  storage  analyst  for  ihs  technology,  but  battery  costs  will  continue  to  decline  over  the  next  five  years.  the  same  could  be  said  for  the  cost  of  renewable  energy.  the  price  of  solar  has  fallen  82  per  watt  in  the  past  six  years,  while  wind  power  has  dropped  61  during  that  time,  according  to  lazards  .  this  convergence  of  technological,  economic  and  environmental  forces,  are  driving  the  iot  and  microgrids  simultaneously,  then  each  drives  the  other  forward.  be  it  the  iot  driving  microgrids  or  vice  versa,  the  continued  expansion  of  each  is  good  for  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement other.  the  current  trends  we  see  in  the  microgrids  and  the  iot,  as  well  as  energy  generation  and  storage  technologies,  evoke  visions  of  a  vast  network  of  microgrids  balancing  and  optimising  energy  use  in  a  deeply  connected  world.  get  all  the  news  you  need  about  smart  buildings  with  the  memoori  newsletter  which  research  categories  are  you  interested  in?  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  2019  meemoori  research  ab
__label__energymonitoringmanagement these  enablers  fuel  automation  and  digitalisation  capabilities  that  enable  the  use  and  management  of  more  sustainable  resources.  but  the  industry  still  faces  the  challenge  of  integrating  the  data  and  software  subsystems  required  with  using  complex  protocols  and  architectures  to  unlock  and  enable  the  desired  capabilities.  the  answer  to  this  challenge  lies  in  intelligent  cloudbased  platforms  for  computational  needs  and  data  storage  and  implementing  codeveloped  cloudbased  grid  applications.  these  efforts  will  be  the  key  to  enabling  a  power  grid  that  works  as  a  single  ecosystem,  where  the  analysis  of  gridedge  data  becomes  the  lever  to  optimise  the  grid  to  operate  more
__label__energymonitoringmanagement efficiently,  resiliently  and  reliably  with  sustainable  resources.  the  internet  of  energy  ioe  describes  a  networked  system  of  smart  energy  infrastructure  components  across  generation  units,  loads,  storage,  energy  meters,  and  automated  distribution  equipment.  the  aim  of  ioe  is  to  collect,  organise  and  make  the  information  from  individual  gridedge  devices  across  the  network  available  to  all  other  grid  management  participants  simply  and  quickly.  the  fundamental  issue  is  the  volume  of  data  and  the  time  required  to  analyse  the  information.  as  the  number  of  devices  and  amount  of  information  increases  for  distribution  networks,  the  traditional  scada  communications,  and  application  management  limits  the  sharing
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  the  information  across  a  utility  and  the  capabilities  that  the  data  can  offer.  the  data  volume  and  scale  can  be  overcome  using  secure  communication  networking  of  the  devices,  together  with  leading  edge  it  technology  like  cloud  computing.  as  device  information  is  consumed  by  a  cloudbased  platform  the  integration  and  sharing  of  information  can  be  simplified  using  software  applications  running  on  top  of  the  cloud  platform.  the  cloud  platform  will  become  a  data  lake  for  different  applications  to  utilise.  this  can  eliminate  the  need  for  integration  services  between  applications.  a  smart  energy  management  system  will  keep  the  grid  stable  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement balancing  the  power  generated  from  all  sources  with  the  electricity  that  is  consumed.  also,  an  ioe  will  allow  consumers  and  prosumers  to  coordinate  supply  and  demand  autonomously  among  themselves  and  is  equipped  with  smart  forecasting  systems  that  use  weather  forecasts,  expected  traffic  flows  and  other  information  to  predict  future  energy  demand.  the  growth  and  success  of  the  ioe  will  rely  on  how  we  use  cloudbased  systems  for  integration  and  our  willingness  across  the  industry  to  cocreate  the  systems  and  processes  for  management  of  the  future  grid.  within  our  own  company,  we  use  a  formal  cocreation  process  where  subject  matter  experts
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  both  siemens  and  the  enduser  utility  work  together  via  our  mindsphere  cloudbased  platform  to  design  advanced  grid  apps.  open  interfaces  for  development  of  customerspecific  applications  make  this  process  fast  and  easy  and  result  in  a  widerange  of  grid  application  use  cases  that  provide  new  levels  of  efficiency  for  utility  operations.  some  examples  of  these  advanced  apps  include  meter  data  management,  grid  analytics,  substation  device  management,  distributed  energy  resource  management  systems  derms  and  low  voltage  outage  management  system  lv  oms.  by  connecting  real  things  to  the  digital  world  quickly  and  easily,  with  secure  and  encrypted  data  communication,  the  grid  can
__label__energymonitoringmanagement become  more  efficient  and  sustainable  than  ever  before.  for  a  closer  look  at  how  to  view  the  ioe,  take  meter  data  management  as  an  example.  this  advanced  application  that  automates  smart  meter  data  management  along  with  the  related  business  processes  has  evolved  over  time  to  operate  on  the  ioe  cloud.  making  this  information  actionable  via  the  digital  world  allows  the  utility  to  better  address  longstanding  needs  such  as  metertocash  billing.  but  it  also  gives  a  utility  the  ability  to  address  emerging  use  cases  that  leverage  interval  and  timeofuse  iot  device  data  to  support  a  variety  of  missioncritical  enterprise  applications.  via
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  ioe,  utilities  will  be  able  to  manage  and  operate  all  smart  devicerelated  processes  and  data  acquisition  systems;  communicate  with  all  grid  devices  and  receive  problem  notifications  when  tampering  or  outages  occur;  leverage  data  to  prioritise  field  crew  dispatches  for  repairs  and  outages;  and  manage  new  metering  points  like  customerside  solar  and  electric  vehicles.  at  the  substation  level,  cloudbased  applications  can  automate  asset  inventory  lists;  compare  actual  versus  target  values  across  patch  version  and  protection  settings;  and  give  operators  the  ability  to  conduct  advanced  services  like  remote  support  and  security  patch  management.  the  ioe  will  allow  the  substation  level  control
__label__energymonitoringmanagement functions  and  asset  management  information  data  streams  to  be  separated.  the  asset  management  information  can  then  be  analysed,  and  analytics  applied  realtime  for  proactive  intervention  or  replacement.  the  right  people  within  the  utility  will  have  access  to  the  information  to  take  appropriate  action.  ioe  will  also  help  bring  virtual  power  plants  to  life.  using  advanced  distributed  energy  management  technology,  operators  can  put  data  to  use  in  load  forecasting  for  renewable  generation,  costefficiently  integrate  more  renewables  while  avoiding  grid  extension,  accurately  plan  for  energy  market  resources,  and  realise  higher  profitability  with  energy  trading,  among  many  other  use  cases.  and  by  using
__label__energymonitoringmanagement intelligent  outage  management  software,  utilities  can  use  meter  data  to  reduce  unnecessary  utility  truck  rolls,  accurately  resolve  service  incidents  and  identify  distribution  issues  before  they  impact  reliability  of  service.  achieving  an  ioe  is  not  without  its  challenges.  the  safe  transmission  and  processing  of  the  data  plays  a  particularly  important  role,  as  large  volumes  of  data  must  be  communicated  and  processed  to  better  understand  and  actively  manage  advanced  grid  operations.  grid  cybersecurity  standards  will  continue  to  iteratively  expand  to  make  it  impossible  to  falsify  or  manipulate  grid  data  and  maintain  system  integrity.  to  achieve  this,  modern  cybersecurity  technologies  and  standards  must
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  applied  to  ensure  a  maximum  degree  of  security  at  all  levels.  these  systems  must  be  able  to  integrate  and  process  a  multitude  of  gridedge  devices,  from  many  manufacturers,  with  a  substantial  volume  of  data  in  a  safe  and  highly  reliable  way.  challenges  also  loom  around  the  industry  attracting  enough  workers  who  have  the  right  skills  and  knowledge  to  operate  an  ioe.  welldeserved  attention  has  been  placed  on  the  manufacturing  skills  gap,  but  the  energy  industry  is  facing  a  similar,  and  arguably  less  nationally  recognised,  risk.  according  to  a  doe  jobs  report,  the  industry  will  require  1.5  million  new  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement jobs  by  2030  and  it  found  that  75  of  companies  have  challenges  in  hiring  qualified  candidates.  if  it  were  as  simple  as  backfilling  positions,  it  would  be  easier  but  that  is  not  the  reality.  the  reality  is  that  future  positions  are  the  same  in  name  only.  they  require  new  skills  to  match  the  new  technologies  that  are  moving  our  grid  forward.  in  order  to  create  the  nextgeneration  energy  workforce,  there  must  be  a  focus  on  building  training  initiatives  that  provide  handson  experience  to  better  equip  students  to  work  in  the  emerging  energy  industry.  digital  grid  academic  partnerships  with  case  western
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reserve  university  and  the  university  of  central  florida  consist  of  providing  software,  hardware,  and  expertise  for  curriculum  development.  the  software  platforms  simulate  realworld  grid  environments  and  provide  realworld  situations  to  better  prepare  the  nextgeneration  workforce.  for  example,  students  will  be  trained  at  digital  grid  labs  on  power  distribution  software  that  helps  balance  renewables  like  wind  and  solar  on  the  grid.  the  labs  will  also  feature  software  platforms  that  help  identify  grid  disturbances  within  milliseconds  so  the  grid  can  quickly  recover  from  unexpected  operating  failures.  though  it  was  only  a  matter  of  time  until  iot  technologies  entered  the  energy  sector,  there
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  no  denying  that  they  are  here,  and  we  need  to  harness  the  possibility  that  they  can  create.  in  the  past,  what  we  as  an  industry  have  called  the  smart  grid  is  now  so  much  more.  as  we  look  further  into  the  grids  future,  it  is  clear  that  digitalisation  is  a  key  requirement  for  the  energy  industry  to  remain  competitive  in  an  increasingly  connected  world.  thisarticlewasoriginallypublishedin  .  you  can  .
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  iotmglab  is  a  living  laboratory  that  intends  to  develop  and  demonstrate  costeffective  and  comfortaware  solutions  for  future  smart  homes  and  enables  the  construction  of  an  internet  of  things  iotbased  infrastructure  for  a  data  intensive  system  and  its  interaction  with  endusers.  iotmglab  also  serves  as  a  demonstrator  to  show  the  viability  of  low  voltage  dc  and  ac  systems  for  future  households  which  will  enhance  the  energy  efficiency,  flexibility  and  reliability  following  danish  smart  grid  strategy.  the  iotmglab  is  located  in  the  building  pontoppidanstrde  109a  of  the  department  of  energy  technology  in  aalborg  university.  it  has  a  modular  structure,  manufactured  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement installed  by  abcpavilloner.  the  structure  has  a  surface  area  of  60  m2  and  is  equipped  with  several  means  of  dispersed  generation  such  as  rooftop  pv  panels  and  a  small  wind  turbine,  realtime  control  and  monitoring  platforms  running  with  different  communication  protocols  such  as  wifi,  bluetooth,  zigbee  and  modbus,  bidirectional  dc/dc  converters,  constant  power  electronic  loads,  different  home  appliances,  multiterminal  medium  voltage  connection  and  a  number  of  smart  devices.  iotmglab  also  benefits  from  a  computing  layer  mainly  driven  by  matlab  and  gams  solvers  and  is  used  as  backbone  for  different  batch  and  operational  pipelines  such  as  optimization,  estimation  and  forecasting.  iotmglab
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  expected  to  be  equipped  in  the  near  future  with  a  number  of  facilities  such  as  an  underfloor  heatingcooling  system,  a  controllable  microcombined  heat  and  power  mchp  generator,  an  ev  charging  infrastructure  chademo,  and  a  battery  bank  to  form  a  fullyfeatured  autonomous  and  smart  residential  microgrid.  iotmglab  has  been  served  to  service  several  engineering  domains  from  theory  to  practice  and  to  support  multidisciplinary  research  activities.  the  laboratory  facilitates  the  conduct  of  invivo,  in  silico  and  in  vitro  studies  at  all  levels  of  education  and  research.  iotmglab  also  supports  evaluation  of  fundamental  research  on  models,  methods,  techniques  and  supporting  tools  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement different  research  areas  such  as  embedded  systems,  data  intensive  systems,  human  computer  interaction,  energy  and  health.  moreover,  it  offers  different  use  cases  for  evaluation  and  optimization  of  partial  solutions  using  procedure  in  a  controlled  environment.  last  but  not  least,  the  iotmglab  can  be  used  as  a  pilot  for  developing,  testing  and  validating  the  performance  of  individual  technology  components  in  an  integrated  energy  system  perspective.  pontoppidanstraede  109a  9220,  aalborg  east  contact  aau  aalborg  university  p.o.  box  159  phone:  mail:  cvrnr:  29102384  eannr:  aau.dk  uses  cookies  in  order  to  generate  usage  statistics  you  can  read  about  our  usage  of  your  data  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement leveraging  preexisting  grid  infrastructure  like  fault  detectors  enables  energy  operators  to  build  smart  grid  iot  applications  costeffectively.  according  to  the  u.s.  energy  information  administration,  major  u.s.  electric  utilities  spend  51  billion  annually  on  electricity  distribution  systems.  their  main  objective  is  to  upgrade  aging  equipment  on  their  distribution  system  and  to  install  smart  meters.  these  investments  are  part  of  a  broader  trend  toward  a  national  smart  grid  that  leverages  new  technologies  within  preexisting  energy  infrastructure  to  optimize  electrical  grid  performance  and  minimize  downtime.  a  recent  survey  published  by  sas  of  some  200  u.s.  utilities  dives  more  deeply  into  our  progress  toward
__label__energymonitoringmanagement an  autonomous  grid.  they  lookspecifically  at  the  use  of  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  technologies  and  machine  learning  to  aid  the  transition  to  a  smart  grid.  the  survey  found  that  43  percent  of  utilities  are  already  using  iot  for  outage  management.  another  24  percent  plan  to  use  it  within  the  next  three  years.  the  utilities  already  using  iot  report  the  technology  helps  them:  while  a  fully  autonomous  grid  is  still  futuristic,  electric  utilities  are  clearly  headed  in  that  direction.  traditionally,  electric  utilities  have  largely  relied  on  faulted  circuit  indicators  fcis  to  detect  and  locate  outages  within  their  systems.  this  approach
__label__energymonitoringmanagement has  its  roots  in  what  is  now  considered  aging  technology.  these  older  grid  systems  have  fallen  behind  in  large  part  because  they  were  only  updated  every  few  decades.  as  a  result,  the  electric  utility  industry  is  built  on  an  infrastructure  dominated  by  legacy  and  proprietary  systems.  modern  telecommunication  technologieshave  evolved  to  open  standardsbased  paradigms  that  facilitate  moving  to  a  modern  smart  grid.  standardsbased  protocols  and  platforms  help  the  grid  stay  up  to  date  with  software  updates  instead  of  sending  field  service  crew  to  change  hardware.  fault  detection  sensors  are  used  on  existing  grid  infrastructure.  theyre  designed  to  indicate  and  locate
__label__energymonitoringmanagement both  permanent  and  momentary  faults  accurately  and  reliably.  many  of  them  have  3g.  some  even  have  lpan  radios  built  into  them  for  communication.  as  the  3g  network  sunsets,  the  fault  sensor  can  continue  to  operate  until  theend  of  its  life  with  an  iot  gateway.  the  gateway  allows  the  sensor  to  connect  via  bluetooth  lowenergy  ble  and  then  transport  data  over  the  grids  cellular  network.  the  newlysmart  fault  sensor  then  continues  to  help  electric  utilities  improve  reliability  while  reducing  operating  and  maintenance  costs.  connecting  legacy  equipment  to  smart  grid  iot  applications  allows  electric  utilities  to:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  view  this  video  please  enable  javascript,  and  consider  upgrading  to  a  web  browser  that  maybe  you  have  heard  of  the  smart  grid  on  the  news  or  from  your  energy  provider.  but  not  everyone  knows  what  the  grid  is,  let  alone  the  smart  grid.  the  grid,  refers  to  the  electric  grid,  a  network  of  transmission  lines,  substations,  transformers  and  more  that  deliver  electricity  from  the  power  plant  to  your  home  or  business.  its  what  you  plug  into  when  you  flip  on  your  light  switch  or  power  up  your  computer.  our  current  electric  grid  was  built  in  the  1890s  and  improved
__label__energymonitoringmanagement upon  as  technology  advanced  through  each  decade.  today,  it  consists  of  more  than  9,200  electric  generating  units  with  more  than  1  million  megawatts  of  generating  capacity  connected  to  more  than  300,000  miles  of  transmission  lines.  although  the  electric  grid  is  considered  an  engineering  marvel,  we  are  stretching  its  patchwork  nature  to  its  capacity.  to  move  forward,  we  need  a  new  kind  of  electric  grid,  one  that  is  built  from  the  bottom  up  to  handle  the  groundswell  of  digital  and  computerized  equipment  and  technology  dependent  on  itand  one  that  can  automate  and  manage  the  increasing  complexity  and  needs  of  electricity  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  21st  century.  in  short,  the  digital  technology  that  allows  for  twoway  communication  between  the  utility  and  its  customers,  and  the  sensing  along  the  transmission  lines  is  what  makes  the  grid  smart.  like  the  internet,  the  smart  grid  will  consist  of  controls,  computers,  automation,  and  new  technologies  and  equipment  working  together,  but  in  this  case,  these  technologies  will  work  with  the  electrical  grid  to  respond  digitally  to  our  quickly  changing  electric  demand.  the  smart  grid  represents  an  unprecedented  opportunity  to  move  the  energy  industry  into  a  new  era  of  reliability,  availability,  and  efficiency  that  will  contribute  to  our  economic  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement environmental  health.  during  the  transition  period,  it  will  be  critical  to  carry  out  testing,  technology  improvements,  consumer  education,  development  of  standards  and  regulations,  and  information  sharing  between  projects  to  ensure  that  the  benefits  we  envision  from  the  smart  grid  become  a  reality.  the  benefits  associated  with  the  smart  grid  include:  today,  an  electricity  disruption  such  as  a  blackout  can  have  a  domino  effecta  series  of  failures  that  can  affect  banking,  communications,  traffic,  and  security.  this  is  a  particular  threat  in  the  winter,  when  homeowners  can  be  left  without  heat.  a  smarter  grid  will  add  resiliency  to  our  electric  power  system
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  make  it  better  prepared  to  address  emergencies  such  as  severe  storms,  earthquakes,  large  solar  flares,  and  terrorist  attacks.  because  of  its  twoway  interactive  capacity,  the  smart  grid  will  allow  for  automatic  rerouting  when  equipment  fails  or  outages  occur.  this  will  minimize  outages  and  minimize  the  effects  when  they  do  happen.  when  a  power  outage  occurs,  smart  grid  technologies  will  detect  and  isolate  the  outages,  containing  them  before  they  become  largescale  blackouts.  the  new  technologies  will  also  help  ensure  that  electricity  recovery  resumes  quickly  and  strategically  after  an  emergencyrouting  electricity  to  emergency  services  first,  for  example.  in  addition,  the  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid  will  take  greater  advantage  of  customerowned  power  generators  to  produce  power  when  it  is  not  available  from  utilities.  by  combining  these  distributed  generation  resources,  a  community  could  keep  its  health  center,  police  department,  traffic  lights,  phone  system,  and  grocery  store  operating  during  emergencies.  in  addition,  the  smart  grid  is  a  way  to  address  an  aging  energy  infrastructure  that  needs  to  be  upgraded  or  replaced.  its  a  way  to  address  energy  efficiency,  to  bring  increased  awareness  to  consumers  about  the  connection  between  electricity  use  and  the  environment.  and  its  a  way  to  bring  increased  national  security  to  our  energy  systemdrawing
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  greater  amounts  of  homegrown  electricity  that  is  more  resistant  to  natural  disasters  and  attack.  the  smart  grid  is  not  just  about  utilities  and  technologies;  it  is  about  giving  you  the  information  and  tools  you  need  to  make  choices  about  your  energy  use.  if  you  already  manage  activities  such  as  personal  banking  from  your  home  computer,  imagine  managing  your  electricity  in  a  similar  way.  a  smarter  grid  will  enable  an  unprecedented  level  of  consumer  participation.  for  example,  you  will  no  longer  have  to  wait  for  your  monthly  statement  to  know  how  much  electricity  you  use.  with  a  smarter  grid,  you
__label__energymonitoringmanagement can  have  a  clear  and  timely  picture  of  it.  smart  meters,  and  other  mechanisms,  will  allow  you  to  see  how  much  electricity  you  use,  when  you  use  it,  and  its  cost.  combined  with  realtime  pricing,  this  will  allow  you  to  save  money  by  using  less  power  when  electricity  is  most  expensive.  while  the  potential  benefits  of  the  smart  grid  are  usually  discussed  in  terms  of  economics,  national  security,  and  renewable  energy  goals,  the  smart  grid  has  the  potential  to  help  you  save  money  by  helping  you  to  manage  your  electricity  use  and  choose  the  best  times  to  purchase  electricity.  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement you  can  save  even  more  by  generating  your  own  power.  the  smart  grid  will  consist  of  millions  of  pieces  and  partscontrols,  computers,  power  lines,  and  new  technologies  and  equipment.  it  will  take  some  time  for  all  the  technologies  to  be  perfected,  equipment  installed,  and  systems  tested  before  it  comes  fully  on  line.  and  it  wont  happen  all  at  oncethe  smart  grid  is  evolving,  piece  by  piece,  over  the  next  decade  or  so.  once  mature,  the  smart  grid  will  likely  bring  the  same  kind  of  transformation  that  the  internet  has  already  brought  to  the  way  we  live,  work,  play,  and  learn.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  department  of  energys  office  of  electricity  delivery  and  energy  reliability  oe  recognizes  that  our  nations  sustained  economic  prosperity,  quality  of  life,  and  global  competitiveness  depends  on  an  abundance  of  secure,  reliable,  and  affordable  energy  resources.  oe  leads  the  department  of  energys  efforts  to  ensure  a  resilient,  and  flexible  electricity  system  in  the  united  states.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  prepare  for  the  future,  mission  critical  infrastructure  must  balance  the  need  for  nearterm  roi  and  lay  the  groundwork  for  future  benefits  while  hedging  the  risk  and  uncertainties  of  an  emerging  marketplace.  above  all,  scrutinise  your  communications  platform.  the  concept  of  smart  city  and  internet  of  things  iot  is  at  the  peak  of  the  hype  cycle.  it  offers  tremendous  promise  of  a  future  enabled  by  smart  analytics  that  enhance  efficiency,  ease  congestion,  reduce  waste  and  error  and  make  our  lives  easier.  yet  it  faces  many  obstacles.  who  will  own  the  data  it  generates?  who  can  access  it?  what  about  privacy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  security?  who  will  pay  for  the  infrastructure  and  who  would  truly  benefit  from  it?  the  history  of  smart  grid  offers  significant  parallels  to  the  smart  cities  movement  and  the  evolution  toward  the  iot.  as  it  and  communications  technologies  transformed  consumers  lives  over  the  past  decade  or  so,  utilities  faced  a  range  of  challenges  to  integrate  it  effectively  into  their  operations  and  their  customer  relationships.  throughout  the  transition,  two  patterns  have  endured.  first,  adoption  tends  to  begin  with  use  cases  that  promise  nearterm  return  on  investment.  second,  new  technologies  tend  to  emerge  then  merge.  utilities,  due  to  their  regulated  nature,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement have  hurdles  to  cross  to  establish  the  case  for  investing  in  technology.  smart  grid,  for  many  utilities,  began  as  nearly  synonymous  with  smart  meters  simply  because  metering  was  the  first  use  case  supporting  a  return  on  the  cost  of  installation.  gradually,  the  understanding  of  smart  grid  grew  to  include  forms  of  automation  across  the  distribution  grid  as  utilities  also  found  cost/benefits  in  applications  like  outage  management,  voltage  regulation  and  advanced  distribution  management.  smart  grid  innovation  arose  from  these  vertical  applications,  each  requiring  some  form  of  communication  and  management.  embedded  communications  allowed  meters  to  talk  to  each  other;  upgrades  to  substation
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  other  td  resources  often  meant  equipping  units  to  send  and  receive  data,  even  if  it  was  only  the  capability  to  be  pinged.  as  the  smart  grid  era  matures,  utility  operations,  many  still  siloed,  may  have  multiple  smart  devices  and  technologies,  each  capable  of  communicating  only  with  their  own  make  and  model.  as  the  smart  grid  market  developed,  mergers  and  acquisitions  brought  some  hardware  and  software  makers  under  the  same  umbrella,  consolidating  the  market  to  some  degree.  yet  the  patchwork  challenge  has  remained  for  utilities;  many  that  had  invested  deliberately  to  secure  return  on  their  investments  are  now  facing  limitations
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  managing,  securing,  updating  or  bringing  together  for  analysis  now  exponential  volumes  of  data.  as  the  saying  goes,  the  only  constant  is  change.  the  choice  to  invest  in  a  particular  solution  always  carries  the  risk  of  painting  oneself  into  a  future  corner.  yet,  certain  needs  endure  whether  in  smart  grid  or  the  smart  cities  and  iot  era.  security,  scalability  and  the  need  for  a  flexible  way  of  connecting  devices  remain  vital.  utilities,  many  of  which  now  have  years  of  experience  with  machinetomachine  m2m  networks  in  the  form  of  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  and  distribution  automation  da,  continue  to  drive  innovation
__label__energymonitoringmanagement forward.  they  continue  to  need  to  manage  costs  and  support  rate  case  requirements  that  benefit  consumers  and  utility  alike.  trilliants  smart  energy  communications  project  for  the  comisin  federal  de  electricidad  cfe  in  mexico  city  includes  both  ami,  da  and  revenue  assurance  elements  designed  to  reduce  energy  losses  and  engage  consumers  with  energy  choices.  with  cfes  communications  canopy  in  place,  it  can  leverage  that  investment  to  serve  goals  beyond  theft  detection.  trilliants  platform  connected  british  gas  consumers  inhome  displays  and  provided  meter  data  to  the  retailer,  delivering  information  each  can  use  to  manage  energy  efficiently.  the  uk  utilitys  connectivity  with  meters,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement operations  and  consumer  home  energy  portals  has  already  demonstrated  its  capacity  to  motivate  customers  to  change  energy  use  behaviours.  tampa  electric  company,  having  gained  savings  from  grid  efficiencies,  is  positioned  to  pull  streams  of  disparate  data  gathered  by  its  communications  network  together  for  analysis.  what  each  of  these  different  utility  use  cases  have  in  common  is  that  while  focusing  on  achieving  a  particular  functionality  with  a  nearterm  return,  they  installed  a  device  agnostic,  standardsbased,  globally  compliant  communications  solution  with  a  single  unifying  platform.  this  means  each  can  add  devices  to  scale  up  or  add  new  functionality,  unlocking  new  returns  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement its  investment  in  the  core  solution.  within  the  trilliant  portfolio  of  technologies,  utilities  can  find  virtually  any  form  of  wireless  network  needed  to  connect  across  varied  terrain  for  multiple  purposes.  as  2017  approaches,  it  is  still  early  days  for  iot  and  smart  cities.  utilities  and  other  energy  providers  and  cities  may  have  different  views  on  the  level  of  data  sharing  to  be  desired,  prudent,  or  even  allowed  between  entities.  how  will  these  be  resolved?  and  what  impact  might  the  different  resolutions  have  on  the  investments  that  must  be  made  today?  what  will  the  role  of  private  enterprise  be  in  data
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  its  uses?  startups  and  global  players  alike  will  undoubtedly  bring  innovations  to  market  that  both  benefit  and  challenge  those  responsible  for  critical  energy  and  public  infrastructure.  there  are  things  that  may  become  integral  to  the  iot  that  havent  come  to  market  yet  smart  cars  and  buses,  smart  parking  and  transportation  systems.  as  this  change  continues,  it  is  essential  that  utilities  and  cities  address  essential  needs  for  security,  modular  control  and  flexibility.  balanced  against  the  need  to  deliver  nearterm  benefits,  infrastructure  leaders  will  need  to  be  increasingly  futureready.  the  unifying  role  of  an  enterprisewide  communications  system  will  be  more  important
__label__energymonitoringmanagement than  ever.  the  advance  of  smart  city  and  iot  technologies  follows  something  of  the  pattern  established  in  smart  grid.  for  example,  the  led  conversion,  which  provides  clear  savings  from  smart  lighting  programmes,  is  one  of  the  dominant  vertical  use  cases  taking  hold  in  many  regions  around  the  world.  is  this  the  killer  app?  with  history  as  a  precedent,  it  is  more  likely  one  of  a  series  of  innovations  to  come  and  one  that  will  need  to  be  secured  and  integrated  with  others  in  a  way  that  is  both  cohesive  and  independent.  even  as  a  new  crop  of  applications  emerge,  preparation
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  possible  by  building  a  foundation  that  can  anticipate  and  adapt  to  change  in  whatever  form  it  may  take.  with  a  thoughtful  approach  to  the  communications  system  that  connects  and  is  the  foundation  of  the  devices,  investors  can  prepare  their  enterprises  to  unlock  additional  benefits  and  avoid  the  common  pitfall  of  spending  on  a  patchwork  of  usespecific  applications.  mi  as  the  senior  vice  president,  global  solutions,  ryan  is  responsible  for  trilliants  solutions  architects,  strategic  engagements/global  partnerships,  product  management,  proposals  and  standards.  ryan  joined  the  company  in  early  2007,  where  he  pioneered  the  process  and  best  practice  being  implemented  in  trilliant
__label__energymonitoringmanagement want  to  get  more  out  of  your  smart  grid  data?  discover  how  you  can  use  advanced  analytics  to  turn  iot  data  into  savings.  learn  ways  to  harness  the  stream  of  data  generated  by  smart  meters,  networked  devices,  power  generators,  customers  and  more.  improve  productivity,  maximize  currently  generated  power  and  make  datainformed  decisions  on  capital  expenditures.  read  this  ebook  to  see  how  benefits  power  producers,  distributors,  consumers  and  government  agencies  with:  to  process  your  registration,  tibco  software  inc.  and  collectively  tibco  need  to  collect  the  below  personal  data  from  you.  by  registering  for  this  tibco  resource,  you  are  consenting  to  tibco
__label__energymonitoringmanagement processing  this  data  and  contacting  you  by  email,  telephone,  and/or  social  media  with  resourcerelated  information.  tibco  would  also  like  to  contact  you  by  email,  telephone,  and/or  social  media  regarding  their  products  and  services  that  may  be  of  interest  to  you.  please  indicate  your  consent  to  this  use  of  your  personal  data  below.  tibco  may  contact  me  regarding  its  products  and  services.  by  proceeding  you  agree  to  tibco  contacting  you  regarding  their  products  and  services  that  may  be  of  interest  to  you.  tibco  will  use  and  protect  your  personal  data  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  our  .  you  may  withdraw  your
__label__energymonitoringmanagement youre  using  an  outofdate  version  of  internet  explorer.  to  browse  academia.edu  and  the  wider  internet  faster  and  more  securely,  please  take  a  few  seconds  to  .  loading  preview  sorry,  preview  is  currently  unavailable.  you  can  download  the  paper  by  clicking  the  button  above.  enter  the  email  address  you  signed  up  with  and  well  email  you  a  reset  link.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement iot  gateways  are  becoming  an  essential  part  in  various  smart  grids  solutions,  across  industrial,  residential,  and  transmission  distribution  projects.  gateways  help  in  addressing  energy  conservation  at  both  the  consumer  and  transmission  level.  here,  we  will  discuss  some  of  the  unique  features  of  iot  gateways  like  clustering,  interoperability,  security,  and  others  with  ever  increasing  human  population,  urbanization,  and  connected  digital  lifestyle,  many  energy  companies  are  now  focusing  on  developing  sustainable  energy  management  and  conservation  solutions.  today,  smart  grid  solutions  or  for  grid  infrastructure  is  playing  a  major  role  in  developing  many  usecase  based  energy  conservation  solutions,  by  connecting  disparate  platforms  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement home  automation,  building  infrastructure  automation,  and  transmission  distribution  systems.  an  iot  gateway  for  a  grid  solution  can  quickly  help  in  connecting  and  transitioning  the  existing  devices  infrastructure,  even  legacy  systems,  to  securely  connect  to  any  smart  grid  infrastructure,  thereby  enabling  a  highly  scalable  solution  for  energy  conservation  projects.  related:  get  to  know  more  about  smart  grids  and  the  role  of  iot  dlm  in  smart  energy  system  related:  einfochips  is  a  secure,  interoperable,  and  multi  osstack  iot  gateway,  developed  on  a  microservices  based  architecture  with  edge  and  fog  computing  capabilities.  you  may  use  these  tags  and  attributes:  2019  einfochips  an  arrow
__label__energymonitoringmanagement brought  to  you  by  microgrids  are  a  flexible  solution  for  a  broad  diversity  of  stakeholders.  the  advantages  of  microgrids  range  from  resilience  to  renewable  integration.  microgrids  are  moving  from  the  laboratory  to  broad  community  deployment.  microgrids  still  face  significant  legal  and  regulatory  uncertainties.  the  ownership  and  business  models  of  microgrids  are  still  evolving.  microgrids  are  now  emerging  from  lab  benches  and  pilot  demonstration  sites  into  commercial  markets,  driven  by  technological  improvements,  falling  costs,  a  proven  track  record,  and  growing  recognition  of  their  benefits.  they  are  being  used  to  improve  reliability  and  resilience  of  electrical  grids,  to  manage  the  addition  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement distributed  clean  energy  resources  like  wind  and  solar  photovoltaic  pv  generation  to  reduce  fossil  fuel  emissions,  and  to  provide  electricity  in  areas  not  served  by  centralized  electrical  infrastructure.  this  review  article  1  explains  what  a  microgrid  is,  and  2  provides  a  multidisciplinary  portrait  of  todays  microgrid  drivers,  realworld  applications,  challenges,  and  future  prospects.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement search  by  ,  contributor,  once  you  remove  the  hype  surrounding  the  internet  of  things,  you  seldom  find  large,  realworld  deployments  of  smart,  connected  things  that  forms  it.  you  also  dont  corelate  the  words  iot  and  electric  grid.  however,  the  smart  electric  grid  is  actually  one  of  the  largest  iot  deployments,  with  an  estimated  500  million  meters  installed  to  date.  this  to  1  billion  by  2020.  a  smart  grid  is  nothing  but  a  network  of  electrical  suppliers,  which  is  managed  by  a  system  of  digitally  controlled  interfaces  that  can  dynamically  alter  the  flow  and  supply  of  electricity  in  response  to  micro
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  macro  changes  in  demand.  one  way  to  think  about  this  complex  web  of  systems  is  in  layers:  with  the  rise  in  gridtied  residential  solar  panel  installations,  the  complexities  in  grid  management  have  increased.  now,  there  are  actual  power  generators  at  the  end  of  the  line.  traditionally,  proprietary  and  vertically  specific  software  by  domain  specialist  vendors  were  used  for  this  purpose.  in  the  future,  it  is  feasible  to  expect  that  generalpurpose  software  will  be  used  for  mdm  and  analysis,  along  with  the  use  of  some  newer  techniques  like  machine  learning.  indeed,  utilities  may  utilize  an  energy  specific  version  of  ibms
__label__energymonitoringmanagement watson  iot  or  saps  hana  iot  to  collate  data  from  multiple  sites  and  that  public  cloud  platforms  like  aws  iot  and  microsoft  azure  would  be  used  for  asset  lifecycle.  as  with  anything  else,  the  implementation  of  connected  software  solutions  within  ot  leads  to  a  sharp  rise  in  the  attack  surface  and  threat  vectors  against  ami.  power  is  an  essential  commodity,  and  the  nonavailability  of  it  can  lead  to  catastrophic  situations.  a  computer  virus  or  worm  can  make  its  way  from  these  systems  and  target  smart  meters,  permanently  disabling  them.  or  hackers  can  hack  into  a  utility  control  system  to  turn
__label__energymonitoringmanagement off  power  to  large  sections  of  a  city.  this  was  seen  very  recently  when  the  ,  causing  220,000  people  to  lose  power.  while  a  comprehensive  analysis  of  ami  and  smart  meters  is  beyond  the  scope  of  this  article,  we  can  talk  about  one  of  the  ways  in  which  smart  meter  communications  may  be  secured.  wireless  smart  ubiquitous  networks  wisun  is  an  ieee  802.15.4g  openstandards  based  technology,  whose  field  area  network  fan  specification  was  developed  to  address  the  need  of  lowpower,  longrange,  peertopeer  connectivity  according  to  .  even  more  interesting,  is  that  beyond  the  ieee  and  ietf,  wisun  has  come  together
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  form  the  wisun  alliance  200  members  and  counting  which  also  has  a  certification  program  where  vendors  are  required  to  go  through  a  testing  process  by  independent  testing  labs  to  ensure  compliance  with  wisun  standards  and  specifications.  disclaimer:  globalsign  is  a  member  of  the  wisun  alliance.  unlike  competing  standards  sigfox,  lorawan  wisun  is  a  mesh  network,  and  thus  allows  metertometer  communication.  this  reduces  black  spots  compared  to  star  networks,  can  better  respond  to  outages  by  having  multiple  communication  paths,  and  is  cheaper  to  implement  since  you  need  fewer  towers.  of  course,  because  it  is  an  openstandard  there  can  be  no
__label__energymonitoringmanagement proprietary  vendor  lockin.  more  importantly,  wisun  has  several  security  features  that  set  it  apart  from  the  competition.  some  of  these  are:  as  we  can  see,  there  have  been  various  advancements  within  the  electric  grid  infrastructure  over  the  past  several  decades,  and  weve  reached  an  exciting  time  where  iot  is  disrupting  yet  another  industrial  segment.  while  this  raises  several  cybersecurity  concerns,  it  is  heartening  to  know  that  industry  experts  are  actively  working  to  adopt  stringent  security  measures  to  ensure  the  safety  of  the  smart  grid.  as  smart  meters  become  more  ubiquitous,  and  get  installed  in  millions  of  homes,  we  can  rest
__label__energymonitoringmanagement assured  that  they  will  soon  carry  the  bestinclass  security  technologies  and  tools  available.  nisarg  desai  is  a  software  engineer  with  experience  in  product  management  and  leadership  spanning  the  information  and  cybersecurity,  hospitality  services,  and  business  consulting  industries.  he  is  director  of  product  management,  iot,  at  .  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__energymonitoringmanagement osis  vision  is  a  complete  integration  of  all  power  systems  and  power  grid  apparatus,  entire  utility  supply  chain,  production,  transport  and  delivery  processes,  consumers  and  consumers  energyusing  gadgets  and  appliances  and  any  and  all  systems  that  contribute  to  the  production  or  consumption  of  the  electron.  currently,  many  disjointed  processes  and  systems  are  used  to  manage  this  life  cycle  of  production  to  consumption,  with  many  inefficiencies  and  gaps  impacting  all  involved.  an  inefficient  process  has  eminent  impacts  on  a  utility  companys  bottom  line,  reliability  of  service,  cost  to  consumers,  and  most  importantly,  impact  on  the  environment.  in  the  nottoodistant  future,  millions
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  intelligent  controllers,  sensors  and  applications  will  be  used  to  monitor,  control,  schedule,  dispatch  and  optimize  the  flow  of  energy  in  a  centralized  and  decentralized  manner,  taking  into  account  not  macro  decision  parameters,  but  micro  decision  parameters  down  to  an  individual  consumers  realtime  and  forecasted  actions.  here  are  some  basic  interesting  concepts:  iote  allows  the  flip  of  a  single  light  switch  to  put  into  effect  a  process  that  signals  all  processes  upstream  to  account,  adjust  for  and  start  a  chain  reaction  encompassing  all  sectors  of  the  energy  production,  delivery,  maintenance  and  supply  chain.  this  is  a  simplistic  explanation,  but  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement correct  one.  with  iote,  a  smart  home  will  be  able  to  do  surgical  demand  response  management  down  to  individual  gadgets  and  appliances  without  indiscriminate  load  shedding  or  load  control.  the  demand  response  will  utilize  the  virtual  power  plant  in  terms  of  managed  loads  and  managed  supplies  such  as  electric  vehicle  battery  storage,  etc.  with  iote,  consumers  of  the  future  can  become  a  virtual  micro  power  plant,  offering  their  excess  energy,  stored  energy  or  renewable  generation  into  the  grid.  systems  must  be  able  to  schedule,  control,  monitor,  dispatch,  bill,  etc.  grid  reliability  can  be  improved  with  intelligent  management  of  consumer  loads
__label__energymonitoringmanagement at  the  source.  with  iote,  asset  management  and  maintenance  for  utility  companies  will  be  more  automated  and  integrated  with  realtime  operation.  conditionbased  monitoring  of  all  apparatus  and  devices  predicted  usage  will  automatically  assess  and  schedule  maintenance  at  an  optimal  time  to  avoid  impacting  the  reliability  and  stability  of  the  grid.  remedial  scenarios  are  evaluated  and  remedial  actions  dictated  to  grid  operators,  suppliers  and  consumers,  and  controllers  in  the  chain  of  delivery,  either  implicitly  or  explicitly.  osi  has  allocated  a  large  rd  investment  for  its  iote  initiative.  applying  osis  solutions  and  technologies  to  implement  the  required  automation  and  control  systems  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement tomorrows  iote  is  a  central  focus  for  osi.  osis  smart  grid  technologies,  our  hardware  and  controller  solutions,  our  cloudbased  capabilities  and  the  scalability  and  throughput  of  our  solutions  will  be  the  basis  of  osis  iote  solution.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  blog  discussing  the  macro  forces  shaping  the  global  economy  today  and  over  the  horizon.  required  field  digital  disruption  is  here  to  stay.  much  like  the  electronic  revolution  that  led  to  pcs,  mobile  phones  and  smart  devices,  energy  grids  are  on  the  verge  of  a  major  change.  consider  the  network  of  power  plants,  utilities  and  power  lines  comprising  energy  grids,  for  a  moment.  what  you  effectively  have  is  the  largest  machine  in  the  world  one  that  is  capable  of  delivering  large  amounts  of  data  leading  to  transformational  changes  in  the  industry  and  our  daily  lives.  that  realization  is  why  i
__label__energymonitoringmanagement was  so  excited  by  the  innovations  on  display  at  ,  the  largest  annual  electric  power  transmission  and  energy  distribution  conference  and  exhibition.  theinternet  of  things  iot  enables  a  more  intelligent,  reliable  and  safe  and  secure  grid  while  also  lowering  costs  for  utilities,  smart  cities  and  other  grid  stakeholders.  the  future  of  energy  does  indeed  look  bright.  are  minimizing  the  nonvalueadded  movement  of  people  by  providing  relevant  and  actionable  data  to  workers  at  the  right  time  to  avoid  safety  hazards  and  improve  efficiency.  connected  worker  wearables  like  capture  and  integrate  realtime  employee  and  environmental  data  that  leads  to  actionable  insights.  this
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  ideal  for  realtime,  stepbystep  maintenance  and  repairs  to  a  more  than  30yearold  deteriorating  system.  as  electric  utility  companies  race  against  time  to  collect  data  from  the  grid,  they  need  to  understand  which  data  is  relevant,  what  to  store  and  what  to  ignore.  integrates  streaming  data  with  predictive  analytics  and  visualization  to  help  generate  useful  insights  and  improve  decisionmaking.  with  the  increase  in  variable  distributed  energy  resources  ders  people  and  renewable  energy  companies  generating  and  feeding  power  back  into  the  grid  its  more  challenging  for  substations  to  deliver  predictable,  steadystate  voltage  and  current.  utility  companies  rely  on  substation  metering  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement secondary  voltage  and  current  transformer  circuits  to  detect  performance  issues,  which  can  be  done  with  a  and  inteldeveloped  iec  61850compliant  merging  unit  solution.  iot  enables  some  of  the  most  advanced  technologies,  which  provide  situational  awareness  of  grid  performance.  ,  a  leading  provider  of  derms  and  microgrid  control,  offers  innovative  tools  for  integrating  and  actively  managing  ders  in  terms  of  power,  energy  flow  and  ancillary  services,  maximizing  their  value  to  the  grid  and  other  parties.  delivers  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance  solutions  for  pumps  and  generation  transformers  that  reduce  risk  and  cost.  iot  gateways  are  available  to  help  accelerate  the  delivery  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement solutions  in  the  energy  industry,  particularly  with  respect  to  smart  grid  distribution  management  systems.  examples  include  devices  from  ,  ,  and  .  using  iot  solutions,  a  smart  and  connected  grid  could  increase  reliability  and  reduce  power  outages  thanks  to  smart  meters  located  at  ders  and  sensors  embedded  into  transmission  lines.  with  the  help  of  iot  technologies,  utilities  can  more  easily  participate  in  new  market  segments.  one  example  is  the  offering  from  that  integrates  all  mission  critical  systems  in  the  home  into  a  single  service.  another  opportunity  is  to  create  smart  building  management  solutions  for  small  and  midsize  buildings  using  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement integrated  with  powertools.  this  is  a  tremendously  exciting  time  when  we  have  an  opportunity  for  transformational  improvements  to  our  current  gridcontrol  paradigm.  in  order  to  meet  our  planets  growing  energy  needs,  utilities  require  a  fundamental  change  in  how  to  control  an  ever  more  complex  system.  we  look  forward  to  helpingthe  energy  industry  navigate  the  new  technologies  and  diverse  market  sectors  on  the  road  ahead.  this  article  first  appeared  on  intel  and  was  republished  with  permission.  subscribe  to  our  new  podcast  for  indepth  conversation  with  industry  leaders,  influencers  and  innovators  about  trends  shaping  the  world  of  tomorrow.  we  are  living  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement challenging  times.  with  heightened  terror  alerts,  natural  disasters,  global  warming,  cyberattacks  before  organic  food  was  cool,  there  was  johnnys  selected  seeds.  founded  in  1973  when  22yearold  to  thrive  in  the  transition  to  a  digital  economy,  cities  need  to  develop  the  right  while  energy  prices  are  falling,  especially  in  north  america,  cities  in  the  developing  world  will  in  part  one  of  our  chat  with  bestselling  author  jeremy  rifkin,  we  learned  about  many  blogs  in  2017  are  going  to  start  with  some  play  on  this  obvious  theme:  required  field  thank  you  for  subscribing  to  the  longitudes  blog.  thank  you  for  updating  your
__label__energymonitoringmanagement preferences.  you  have  successfully  unsubscribed.  congratulations  longitudes  from  ups  will  now  be  delivered  directly  to  your  email  we  cant  wait  to  begin  sharing  more  big  ideas  shaping  the  global  economy  with  you.  were  sorry.  we  are  unable  to  process  your  request  at  this  time.  please  try  again  later.  required  field
__label__energymonitoringmanagement online  trade  magazine  alternative  energy  from  solar,  wind,  biomass,  fuel  cells  and  more  if  you  do  not  have  an  altenergymag  partner  account,  please  its  free  here  is  how  the  internet  of  things  technology  can  drive  the  next  revolution  in  the  global  renewable  energy  industry  aboutpradhnya  tajne  pradhnya  is  a  creative  and  selfdriven  writer  with  over  seven  years  of  experience.  currently,  she  works  as  an  assistant  content  manager,  with  a  focus  on  the  renewable  energy  domain,  for  .  through  her  writing,  she  sheds  light  on  clean  alternative  energy  projects.  this  post  does  not  have  any  comments.  be  the  first  to  leave
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  comment  below.  you  must  be  logged  in  before  you  can  post  a  comment.  .  follow  us  begin  advertpro  code  block  publisher  id:  2  publisher  name:  altenergymag  zone  id:  37  zone  name:  altemag  120x60  footer  logo  size  id:  6  size  name:  button  2  size  width:  120  size  height:  60  display  multiple  ads:  5  ads  with  a  horizontal  layout  and  30  pixels  of  inner  spacing  between  them.  end  advertpro  code  block  begin  advertserve  code  block  publisher  2:  altenergymagzone  121:  alte  728x90  internalsize  19:  jumbo  banner  728x90  end  advertserve  code  block  2010  2019  altenergymag  all  rights  reserved  powered  by  bth  management
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sustainable  investing  worlds  next  great  investing  columnist  marketwatch  will  be  a  regular  part  of  my  contribution  to  fatrader.  the  simple  math  here  is  to  identify  industry  trends  in  the  emerging  sustainable  economy  and  make  small  trades  to  build  longterm  positions.  in  several  months,  i  will  also  introduce  a  swing  and  position  trading  service  for  sustainable  investments.  this  might  sound  counterintuitive,  but  given  the  volatility  people  assign  toanything  that  is  changing  their  experience  with  and  understanding  of  the  world,  we  canmake  that  volatility  very  profitable.  the  change  from  a  dumb,  analog,  fossil  fuel,  marked  by  scarcity  and  full  of  latency  world
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  a  smart,  digital,  alternative  energy,  age  of  plenty  and  nearly  instant  world  will  be  the  most  massive  set  of  changes  the  world  has  ever  seen.  if  we  control  our  emotions  and  embrace  the  world  that  is  coming,  we  will  be  able  to  fully  secure  our  financial  freedom  even  as  we  muddle  through  proposals,  ideas  and  motivations  that  will  challenge  our  freedom.  understanding  the  big  trends  can  help  us  control  our  emotions  as  we  navigate  the  changing  world.  today,  trends  in  the  smart  grid.  lets  go  straight  to  the  horses  mouth,  the  :  the  electrical  grid  in  the  united  states
__label__energymonitoringmanagement comprises  all  of  the  power  plants  generating  electricity,  together  with  the  transmission  and  distribution  lines  and  systems  that  bring  power  to  enduse  customers.  the  grid  also  connects  the  many  publicly  and  privately  owned  electric  utility  and  power  companies  in  different  states  and  regions  of  the  united  states.  however,  with  changes  in  federal  law,  regulatory  changes,  and  the  aging  of  the  electric  power  infrastructure  as  drivers,  the  grid  is  changing  from  a  largely  patchwork  system  built  to  serve  the  needs  of  individual  electric  utility  companies  to  essentially  a  national  interconnected  system,  accommodating  massive  transfers  of  electrical  energy  among  regions  of  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement united  states.  the  modernization  of  the  grid  to  accommodate  todays  more  complex  power  flows,  serve  reliability  needs,  and  meet  future  projected  uses  is  leading  to  the  incorporation  of  electronic  intelligence  capabilities  for  power  control  purposes  and  operations  monitoring.  the  smart  grid  is  the  name  given  to  this  evolving  intelligent  electric  power  network.  the  u.s.  department  of  energy  doe  describes  the  smart  grid  as  an  intelligent  electricity  gridone  that  uses  digital  communications  technology,  information  systems,  and  automation  to  detect  and  react  to  local  changes  in  usage,  improve  system  operating  efficiency,  and,  in  turn,  reduce  operating  costs  while  maintaining  high  system  reliability.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  their  they  discuss  the  technology  this  way:  smart  grid  technologies  are  made  possible  by  twoway  communication  technologies,  control  systems,  and  computer  processing.  these  advanced  technologies  include  advanced  sensors  known  as  phasor  measurement  units  pmus  that  allow  operators  to  assess  grid  stability,  advanced  digital  meters  that  give  consumers  better  information  and  automatically  report  outages,  relays  that  sense  and  recover  from  faults  in  the  substation  automatically,  automated  feeder  switches  that  reroute  power  around  problems,  and  batteries  that  store  excess  energy  and  make  it  available  later  to  the  grid  to  meet  customer  demand.  here  is  aquick  via  youtube.  updating  the  9200  electric
__label__energymonitoringmanagement generating  units  and  600,000  miles  of  transmission  lines  across  america  is  a  massive  project  that  will  take  at  least  through  2030  according  to  government  and  utility  estimates.  it  is  a  vital  mission  as  it  touches  not  only  all  of  our  standard  of  living,  but  also  national  security.  as  this  project  is  worked  on,  according  to  it  should  result  in:  the  essential  evolution  of  the  grid  is  from  a  oneway  system  to  a  twoway  system  with  very  complex  interoperability.  there  is  significant  overlap  between  the  smart  grid  and  smart  cities.  municipalities  must  work  closely  with  utilities  to  keep  their  vital  functions
__label__energymonitoringmanagement operational.  so,  as  we  research  the  smart  grid,  we  will  necessarily  find  companies  that  touch  on  various  smart  everything  world  concepts.  the  smart  grid  is  growing  by  a  double  digit  percentage  overall.  that  growth  is  accelerating,  indicating  we  are  in  the  early  phases.  cagr  is  in  excess  of  11.  communication  and  wireless  infrastructure  to  support  the  smart  grid  is  projected  to  be  growing  20  by  2024  to  support  iot  related  to  the  smart  grid.  according  to  the  congressional  research  services  ,  spending  on  the  smart  grid  in  the  united  states  through  2030will  range  between  an  absolute  low  of  260  billion
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to,  as  much  as,  800  billion.  i  anticipate  closer  to  the  highend  of  the  range.  certainly  the  smart  grid  will  be  good  for  some  engineering  and  construction  firms.  however,  what  is  growing  at  faster  rates  are  the  ai  that  support  machine  learning  and  the  iot  that  connects  everything.  machine  learning  driven  by  ai  will  be  a  core  component  of  the  smart  grid.  already  about  third  of  utilities  use  machine  learning  for  metering  and  data  management.  iot  is  another  critical  component.  55  of  utilities  use  iot  for  metering  now  versus  having  a  person  walk  up  to  your  meter.  the  number  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement connected  devices  is  soaring  and  by  2030,  most  of  the  grid  will  be  hooked  up  to  sensors.  for  those  providing  the  sensors  there  is  a  large  amount  of  ongoing  revenue  available.  here  are  twosmart  grid  stocks  on  my  watchlist.  one  is  at  a  longterm  buy  price  right  now,  the  other  is  closing  in.  is  a  metering  company  that  recently  bought  and  integrated  silver  spring  networks,  a  company  i  had  been  invested  in.  the  company  is  a  leader  in  measuring,  monitoring,  analyzing  and  managingenergy  and  water  use.  itron  is  helping  utilities  rapidly  move  towards  smart  metering  practices.  read  their  most  current
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  a  primer.  the  stock  is  currently  trading  only  slightly  belowmy  estimate  of  intermediateterm  fair  value  i  seek  growth  stocks  trading  at  about  half  or  less  than  what  i  anticipate  their  intrinsic  value  will  be  24  years  out.  it  is  not  exhibiting  the  shortterm  inward  money  flow  that  would  cause  me  to  buy  the  shares.  an  extreme  oversold  condition  might  be  developing  to  give  us  an  entry  point  though.  using  weekly  charts,  we  can  see  that  there  is  interest  in  the  stock.  daily  3year  itron  chart  weekly  3year  itron  chart  is  one  of  the  leading  iot  companies  in  the  world
__label__energymonitoringmanagement despite  their  small  market  cap.  the  company  has  recently  made  a  key  strategic  acquisition  to  upgrade  their  softwareasaservice  saas  capabilities.  they  are  now  focusing  on  cost  reductions  through  synergies  and  dropping  a  growing  top  line  to  the  bottom  line.  the  stock  recently  fell  on  high  volume  that  appears  to  have  been  a  capitulation.  the  stock  has  been  basing  for  over  two  months  and  money  flow  has  just  started  to  show  signs  of  marginalimprovement.  i  estimate  that  the  stock  is  now  trading  below  half  its  intrinsic  value  one  cost  controls  are  realized.  i  am  accumulating  the  stock  slowly  in  case  there
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  one  more  shoe  to  drop.  weekly  3year  sierra  wireless  chart  there  are  far  more  stocks  to  consider.  these  two  offer  the  potential  for  not  only  dropping  significant  revenue  to  shareholders  in  the  next  few  years,  but  are  clear  takeover  targets.  by  signing  up  you  agree  to  our  .  you  will  receive  access  to  our  trading  room,  plus  accountrelated  emails  and  our  enewsletter  containing  news,  updates  promotions  from  fatrader.com  and  our  publisher  advicetrade.  you  can  withdraw  your  consent  at  anytime.  see  our  .  to  hide  the  recaptcha,  this  has  to  be  visible  to  the  user  this  site  is  protected  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement recaptcha  and  the  google  and  apply.  the  unfortunate  reality  of  the  internet  requires  us  to  run  javascript  to  try  and  detect  bot  attacks.  your  registration  will  not  go  through  unless  you  enable  javascript  and  allow  recaptcha  from  google  servers.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ,  ,  thomas  birr  in  may  2017,  bill  gates  wrote  an  open  letter  to  college  graduates  offering  some  career  advice.  in  it,  he  said  if  he  was  starting  out  today,  hed  consider  entering  one  of  these  three  fields:  artificial  intelligence,  energy  or  bioscience.  on  artificial  intelligence  ai,  he  said,  we  have  only  begun  to  tap  into  all  the  ways  it  will  make  peoples  lives  more  productive  and  creative.  on  energy,  he  said,  making  it  clean,  affordable,  and  reliable  will  be  essential  for  fighting  poverty  and  climate  change.  unsurprisingly,  bill  gates  was  on  to  something.  today,  ai  has  a  significant  role
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  play  in  creating  the  clean,  affordable  and  reliable  energy  future  he  describes.  as  we  continue  to  face  aging  and  inefficient  electricity  networks,  the  burgeoning  dangers  of  climate  change,  and  an  exponential  rise  in  power  demand,  there  has  never  been  a  greater  need  to  rethink  and  construct  our  energy  systems  as  there  is  now.  while  the  technology  is  still  in  its  early  stages,  ai  has  the  potential  to  revolutionize  how  we  produce,  consume  and  transmit  energy;  simply  put,  ai  is  on  its  way  to  becoming  the  brain  of  the  grid.  in  the  longterm,  ai  will  give  rise  to  a  mainstream
__label__energymonitoringmanagement prosumer  network  at  innogy  innovation  hub,  we  believe  four  macrotrends  have  already  begun  to  shape  our  existing  systems  and  look  to  continue  to  do  so  in  the  future:  decentralization,  decarbonization,  democratization,  and  digitization.  this  trend  of  decentralization  however,  the  idea  that  the  energy  grid  of  the  future  will  consist  of  a  very  large  number  of  smallercapacity  providers,  has  led  to  the  rise  of  prosumer.  a  prosumer  is  an  ordinary  person  who  is  both  a  producer  and  consumer  of  energy  on  the  grid.  for  example,  when  someone  installs  solar  panels  on  their  roof,  they  become  a  prosumer  by  consuming  the  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement they  generate  from  the  solar  panels  and  then  by  selling  the  rest  of  it  back  to  utilities.  as  the  number  of  prosumers  continues  to  grow,  the  grid  is  becoming  less  of  a  oneway  street  and  more  of  an  interconnected  web  of  solar  panels,  battery  storage  units,  electric  vehicles,  and  other  internet  of  things  iot  devices.  its  anticipated  that  there  will  be  1.5bn  iot  connected  devices  by  2020.  but  where  does  ai  come  in?  the  rise  of  prosumers  and  a  decentralized  grid  introduces  higher  volatility  and  more  complexity  into  the  energy  system,  which  is  still  largely  controlled  manually.  volatility,  because  renewable
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  sources  have  unpredictable  output,  and  complexity,  because  of  the  sheer  number  of  devices  that  are  connected  to  the  grid.  against  this  backdrop,  ai  will  be  essential  to  grid  management  as  manual  efforts  alone  wont  be  enough  to  maintain  and  control  the  grid.  the  future  energy  system  will  need  to  become  more  automated  with  data  continuously  collected  and  analyzed  and  with  smart  decisions  being  made  on  how,  where  and  when  to  allocate  energy  most  effectively  and  efficiently.  this  is  where  ai  will  become  the  brain  of  the  grid,  making  complex  decisions  quickly  to  smooth  out  volatility.  ai  becomes  especially  important
__label__energymonitoringmanagement when  we  look  at  it  from  the  lens  of  the  prosumer.  germany,  for  instance,  is  looking  to  soon  move  away  from  their  current  system  of  huge,  centralized  power  plants  and  around  1,000  distribution  system  operators  dsos.  instead,  they  look  to  capture  the  prosumer  trend  and  promote  that  each  household  becomes  its  own  microutility  with  its  own  microdso  that  manages  and  steers  the  energy  system,  handling  loadbalancing  with  other  responsive  devices.  the  average  consumer  isnt  prepared  to  manage  these  types  of  systems,  making  it  critical  that  thee  microutilities  are  autonomous  and  can  efficiently  manage  the  homes  energy  input  and  output  without
__label__energymonitoringmanagement too  much  human  input.  in  the  meantime?  ai  brings  efficiencies  for  the  grid  and  retailers  while  ai  use  in  the  energy  sector  is  still  relatively  nascent,  its  already  making  a  tangible  impact  by  bringing  automated  insights  that  are  allowing  energy  providers  and  consumers  to  effectively  manage  their  own  energy  consumption  and  maintenance.  ai  in  the  grid  one  of  the  key  applications  of  ai  were  currently  seeing  pay  dividends  is  using  ai  for  predictive  maintenance  and  image  recognition.  utility  providers  are  beginning  to  use  aipowered  selfchecking  and  selfmaintaining  grid  infrastructure  technologies  to  reduce  inefficiencies,  improve  resilience,  and  improve  safety  for  those
__label__energymonitoringmanagement working  on  grid  maintenance.  for  example,  ai  can  interpret  data  from  sensors  along  the  grid  and  predict  failures  of  substations  before  they  occur.  rather  than  manually  tracking  anomalies  amidst  a  huge  pool  of  data  leaving  the  process  open  to  human  error  ai  empowers  engineers  to  automatically  detect  differences  in  structures  like  power  lines  and  wind  turbines  to  determine  where  action  needs  to  be  taken.  ai  in  retail  for  consumers,  we  are  already  seeing  ai  being  deployed  in  smart  home  solutions.  these  aibased  smart  home  technologies  are  helping  consumers  and  energy  providers  better  understand  how  we  collectively  can  become  more  efficient
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  our  energy  consumption  by  analyzing  customer  behavior,  learning  from  them,  and  then  managing  their  home  in  the  most  cost  effective  and  environmentally  friendly  way.  other  solutions  also  provide  insights  directly  to  the  customer  so  that  not  only  can  energy  providers  look  to  become  more  efficient,  but  the  consumer  themselves  can  understand  where  theyre  being  wasteful  and  how  they  can  improve.  an  example  of  a  company  doing  this  work  is  bidgely,  a  startup  using  machine  learning  algorithms  to  parse  consumer  energy  usage  data  to  specific  items  and  appliances,  enabling  consumers  to  understand  where  they  are  using  the  most  energy  so
__label__energymonitoringmanagement they  can  make  informed  decisions  that  save  money  and  are  good  for  the  planet.  in  the  long  term,  implementing  ai  will  be  key  to  making  our  energy  grids  and  systems  more  sustainable  as  the  demand  for  energy  grows  more  complex.  nearterm  opportunities  lie  in  the  grid  and  in  retail  to  automate  processes  prone  to  human  error  and  to  address  the  growing  role  of  the  prosumer.  as  bill  gates  stated  in  his  letter,  ai  and  energy  are  two  fields  that  are  primed  to  change  the  world  together,  they  are  only  more  dynamic  and  powerful.  disclaimer:  innogy  innovation  hub  is  an  investor
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  bidgely.  about  the  author:  thomas  birr  is  a  managing  director  and  one  of  the  three  coheads  of  innogy  innovation  hub,  as  well  as  chief  futurist  and  svp  innovation  business  transformation  at  german  energy  company  innogy  se.  thomas  oversees  the  strategic  direction  of  innogy  innovation  hub  and  its  mission  to  create  the  future  of  energy  by  identifying  the  technologies,  ideas  and  businesses  that  will  shape  that  future  and  providing  them  with  funding,  mentoring  and  a  cocreation  platform.  between  2010  and  2016  he  held  the  role  of  rwes  global  strategist  where  he  was  ceo  of  one  of  its  largest  energy  retail
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  grid  subsidiaries,  and  held  a  strategic  role  in  innogy  ses  ipo  in  2016.  birr  holds  a  degree  in  mechanical  engineering  from  hamburg  polytechnic.  resources  clarion  energy  media  power  energy  event  series  copyright  2019  we  value  your  privacy.  when  you  visit  clarionux.com  and  our  family  of  websites,  we  use  cookies  to  process  your  personal  data  in  order  to  customize  content  and  improve  your  site  experience,  provide  social  media  features,  analyze  our  traffic,  and  personalize  advertising.  by  choosing  i  agree,  you  understand  and  agree  to  clarions  .
__label__energymonitoringmanagement insights  on  making  cyber  security  simple  this  posting  is  following  up  on  the  recent  release  of  our  report  titled,  the  state  of  iot  security  which  can  be  found  here:  .  the  public  response  to  this  report  has  been  humbling  and  exciting;  we  have  definitely  hit  on  an  issue  about  which  many  of  you  care.  however,  we  have  also  received  responses  that  did  not  surprise  me,but  have  nonetheless  made  me  think  about  the  role  of  the  security  community  in  solving  this  problem.  as  a  security  expert,  i  understand  the  fatigue  associated  with  discussions  on  the  security  of  iot  devices;  frankly,  i
__label__energymonitoringmanagement have  felt  same  way.  however,  after  observing  our  customers  being  hit  relentlessly  by  botnets  of  iot  devices,  our  team  decided  to  look  into  this  matter  ourselves.  this  study  changed  the  way  i  think  about  iot  security,  and  i  hope  you  will  take  a  few  more  minutes  to  read  why.  i  will  start  with  my  argument  and  three  key  points,  then  follow  up  with  a  few  more  details  about  our  study.  iot  security  is  not  a  security  issue,  it  is  simultaneously  a  public  safety  and  a  national  security  issue.  the  security  community  must  make  solving  these  issues  a  priority.  our  tests
__label__energymonitoringmanagement were  not  sophisticated,  esoteric  hacking,  instead  they  were  simple,  boring  security  tests  that  anyone  even  considering  security  would  have  performed.  we  performed  these  tests  through  rigorous,  exhaustive  review  of  each  individual  device  to  collect  real,  hard  data  on  the  lack  of  security  on  these  devices,  the  results  of  which  we  are  excited  to  share  in  this  report.  our  findings  are  the  result  of  analyzing  over  1.25  million  communications  to  more  than  3,000  external  servers  from  12  offtheshelf  iot  devices.  what  we  found,  on  one  hand,  was  not  surprising.  many  of  these  devices  are  not  secure.  much  of  the  associated  infrastructure
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  not  secure.  several  of  the  android  applications  are  borderline  dangerous.  yes,  it  is  scary  to  think  that  some  stranger  could  watch  your  child  sleep  easy  to  do  with  some  of  the  devices  we  reviewed.  we  also  found  that  someone  could  set  off  the  alarm  on  your  security  system  repeatedly  to  drive  you  crazy  just  by  pasting  a  url  into  their  browser.  we  also  proved  that  we  could  write  a  simple,  fiveline  computer  script  to  get  visibility  into  every  time  a  lightbulb  or  an  outlet  was  turned  on  or  off,  which  could  be  accomplished  by  anyone  that  has  access  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement any  network  that  your  mobile  phone  has  connected  to.  it  is  scary  to  think  that  someone  could  intercept  traffic  from  one  of  your  devices  and  get  information  such  as  your  birthdate,  email  address,  telephone  number,  or  even  your  passwords.  as  a  part  of  our  study,  we  found  that  all  of  these  things  are  simple  to  accomplish  on  one  device  or  another.  these  things  are  scary,  but  they  are  nothing  compared  to  what  we,  as  security  experts,  worry  about  on  a  macro  level.  what  happens  if  we  take  a  global  perspective  on  these  devices  and  we  consider  the  impact  of  not
__label__energymonitoringmanagement just  one  or  two  insecure  devices,  but  billions  of  them?  while  it  may  be  an  inconvenience  if  our  thermostat  stops  working  on  a  cold  night,  what  if  every  thermostat  in  a  large  metropolitan  city  caused  a  massive  power  surge  and  took  down  the  power  grid?  what  if  millions  of  smart  lightbulbs  and  outlets  caught  fire  at  the  same  time?  what  if  a  foreign  intelligence  service  could  have  millions  of  cameras  and  security  systems  capture  audio  and  video  on  command?  think  this  could  not  happen?  we  found  that  the  extent  to  which  the  manufacturers  and  infrastructure  associated  with  these  devices  communicate
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with,  or  is  related  to,  china  is  shocking  and  has  significant  national  security  implications.  now,  our  report  is  not  all  doom  and  gloom.  we  ultimately  would  like  to  ask  a  simple  questionwhat  if  the  general  public  could  do  something  small  and  change  the  future?  we  are  talking  about  consumers  and  retailers  taking  a  stand  to  require  that  manufacturers  and  the  platforms  used  by  these  devices  have  at  least  considered  security  and  where  the  data  of  u.s.  citizens  is  being  stored  in  the  development  of  their  devices  and  the  associated  infrastructure.  surprisingly,  by  requiring  a  basic  level  of  security,  there  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement no  need  to  hike  costs  to  consumers.  the  insecure  devices  we  reviewed  were  priced  similar  to  the  secure  ones,  but  retailers  appear  unaware  or  unconcerned  about  differentiating  these  devices  to  consumers,  despite  the  clear  marketing  advantage,  and  a  critical  need  to  demonstrate  that  they  do  indeed  care  about  the  privacy  and  security  of  their  customers.  we  are  excited  to  have  finally  released  our  report  and  share  our  findings  with  the  community.  i  hope  you  will  take  the  time  to  read  through  it  and  let  us  know  your  thoughts  you  can  access  the  report  at  http://www.thestateofiotsecurity.com  and  make  sure  to  follow
__label__energymonitoringmanagement /  /  the  report  titled  on  provides  indepth  review  of  the  for  market  participants  equip  readers  to  fully  comprehend  the  overall  landscape  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  industry  this  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market  report  enhanced  on  worldwide  competition  by  topmost  prime  manufactures  like  which  providing  information  such  as  company  profiles,  product  picture  and  specification,  capacity,  production,  cost,  revenue  and  contact  information.  this  report  firstly  introduced  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market  basics:  classifications,  definitions,  applications  and  market  overview  ;  product  specifications;  manufacturing  processes;
__label__energymonitoringmanagement cost  structures,  raw  materials  and  so  on.  quantitative  analysis  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market  from  2014  to  2019  by  region,  type,  application  and  consumption  assessment  by  regions.  executive  summary,  market  definition,  macroeconomic  analysis,  parent  market  analysis,  market  overview,  forecast  factors,  segmental  analysis  and  forecast,  regional  analysis,  competition  analysis.  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  industry  overview,  economic  impact  on  market,  ,  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market  analysis  by  application,  ,  marketing  strategy  analysis,  distributors/traders,  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market  ,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market  forecast.  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  is  a  system  of  interrelated  computing  devices,  mechanical  and  digital  machines,  objects,  animals  or  people  that  are  provided  with  unique  identifiers  uids  and  the  ability  to  transfer  data  over  a  network  without  requiring  humantohuman  or  humantocomputer  interaction.  rising  adoption  of  cloud  platforms  across  the  sector  coupled  with  government  initiatives  for  smart  grid  modernization  across  the  us,  uk,  china  and  india  provides  lucrative  growth  opportunities  to  the  iot  in  utility  market.  this  report  displays  the  sales  volume,  revenue  million  usd,  product  price,  market  share
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  growth  rate  of  this  report  focuses  on  the  status  and  outlook  for  major  applications/end  users,  sales  volume,  market  share  and  growth  rate  of  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market  for  how  is  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market  expected  to  grow  in  terms  of  value  during  the  study  period?  what  are  the  competition  developments  and  trends  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market?  what  are  the  underlying  macroeconomic  and  industry  factors  impacting  the  growth  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications
__label__energymonitoringmanagement market?  what  are  the  key  challenges,  opportunities,  and  improvements  faced  by  market  players  in  the  global  internet  of  things  iot  in  energy  and  utility  applications  market?  mr.  nachiket  ghumare,  tel:  15186212074  usacanada  toll  free:  8669974948
__label__energymonitoringmanagement your  news  buddy  the  global  energy  sector  is  transitioning  into  intelligent,  efficient  network  of  power  supply,  and  smart  grids  are  actively  replacing  conventional  power  grids  across  the  world.  the  demand  for  smart  grid  sensors  grows  in  parallel  with  surging  adoption  of  smart  grid  technology.  in  todays  day  and  age,  detection  and  monitoring  operations  have  helped  save  potential  losses  worth  millions  of  dollars.  therefore,  smart  grid  sensors  are  also  expected  to  gain  surplus  demand  in  tomorrows  energy  industry.  persistence  market  researchs  latest  report  on  the  global  market  for  smart  grid  sensors  projects  that  the  market,  which  is  presently  valued  at  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement little  over  us  128  mn,  will  soar  at  a  stellar  cagr  of  30.3  to  bring  in  us  1,447.3  mn  in  revenues  by  the  end  of  2025.  key  findings  in  the  report  exhibit  that  the  global  will  have  a  steadfast  growth  during  the  assessment  period,  20172025.  in  this  period,  the  dynamic  growth  of  the  global  smart  grid  sensor  market  will  be  impacted  by  several  factors,  among  which  following  have  an  enduring  influence:  ineffectiveness  of  older  power  grids,  increasing  energy  demands,  and  implementation  of  smart  metering  systems  has  also  propelled  the  global  demand  for  smart  grid  sensors.  according  to  the  report,  titled
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ,  rising  concern  regarding  safety  security  of  smart  grids,  and  high  implementation  costs  of  smart  grid  sensors  is  likely  to  impede  the  global  markets  growth,  but  to  a  certain  extent.  based  on  the  region,  latin  americas  smart  grid  sensors  market  is  projected  to  exhibit  a  relatively  high  growth,  registering  a  robust  cagr  of  36.1.  the  demand  for  voltage/temperature  sensors,  in  particular,  is  projected  to  remain  high  throughout  the  forecast  period.  the  report  estimates  that  in  2016,  more  than  40  of  global  smart  grid  sensor  revenues  were  accounted  by  sales  of  voltage/temperature  sensors.  in  terms  of  application,  smart  energy  metering  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement expected  to  dominate  with  more  than  40  share,  while  revenues  amassed  from  other  applications  such  as  lead  management,  energy  storage  and  renewable  energy  will  be  registering  a  speedy  growth  at  38.1  cagr.  the  report  also  profiles  key  participants  in  the  global  smart  grid  sensors  market,  which  include:  1.1.  market  overview  1.2.  market  analysis  1.3.  pmr  analysis  and  recommendations  1.4.  wheel  of  fortune  2.1.  market  definition  2.2.  market  taxonomy  2.3.  parent  market  overview  2.4.  value  chain  analysis  3.1.  macroeconomic  factors  3.2.  opportunity  analysis  required  fields  are  marked
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  report  focuses  on  the  global  iot  in  energy  grid  management  market  landscape,  future  outlook,  growth  opportunities,  and  key  and  key  contacts.  the  research  objective  is  to  present  the  development  of  the  market  in  the  us,  europe  and  others.  in  addition,  industry  development  trends  and  marketing  channels  are  analyzed.  the  industry  analysis  have  also  been  done  to  examine  the  impact  of  various  factors  and  understand  the  overall  attractiveness  of  the  industry.  the  report  also  provides  an  analysis  of  the  market  competitive  landscape  and  offers  information  on  several  companies  including  the  report  provides  a  comprehensive  assessment  of  the  market.  we  do
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  through  indepth  qualitative  insights,  historical  data  and  verifiable  prospects  for  market  size.  the  outlook  presented  in  the  report  was  derived  using  proven  methodology  and  assumptions.  through  this,  the  research  report  serves  as  a  repository  for  analysis  and  information  on  all  aspects  of  the  market,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  local  markets.  iot  in  energy  grid  management  market  research  is  an  intelligence  report  with  meticulous  efforts  undertaken  to  study  the  right  and  valuable  information.  the  data  which  has  been  looked  upon  is  done  considering  both,  the  existing  top  players  and  the  upcoming  competitors.  business  strategies  of  the  key  players  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  new  entering  market  industries  are  studied  in  detail.  well  explained  swot  analysis,  revenue  share  and  contact  information  are  shared  in  this  report  analysis.  the  detailed  qualitative  and  quantitative  analysis  of  the  market  is  also  included  in  the  report,  with  the  information  collected  from  market  participants  operating  in  the  main  areas  of  the  valueadded  series  of  markets.  a  separate  analysis  of  macroand  microeconomic  aspects,  rules  and  trends  that  affect  the  overall  development  of  the  market  has  also  been  included  in  the  report.  iot  in  energy  grid  management  market  overview  global  economic  impact  on  industry  global  market  competition  by  manufacturers  global
__label__energymonitoringmanagement market  analysis  by  application  marketing  strategy  analysis,  distributors/traders  market  effect  factors  analysis  global  iot  in  energy  grid  management  market  forecast  research  n  reports  is  a  new  age  market  research  firm  where  we  focus  on  providing  information  that  can  be  effectively  applied.  today  being  a  consumer  driven  market,  companies  require  information  to  deal  with  the  complex  and  dynamic  world  of  choices.  where  relying  on  a  sound  board  firm  for  your  decisions  becomes  crucial.  research  n  reports  specializes  in  industry  analysis,  market  forecasts  and  as  a  result  getting  quality  reports  covering  all  verticals,  whether  be  it  gaining  perspective  on  current  market  conditions
__label__energymonitoringmanagement or  being  ahead  in  the  cut  throat  global  competition.  since  we  excel  at  business  research  to  help  businesses  grow,  we  also  offer  consulting  as  an  extended  arm  to  our  services  which  only  helps  us  gain  more  insight  into  current  trends  and  problems.  consequently,  we  keep  evolving  as  an  allrounder  provider  of  viable  information  under  one  roof.  sunny  denis  sales  manager  research  n  reports  10916,  gold  point  dr,  houston,  tx,  pin  77064,  18886316977,  email:  salesresearchnreports.com  website:  www.researchnreports.com  this  is  an  example  widget  to  show  how  the  right  sidebar  looks  by  default.  you  can  add  custom  widgets  from  the  widgets  screen  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement do  you  know  what  separates  humans  from  other  living  beings?  curiosity.  humans  are  curious.  we  question  a  lot.  we  are  the  ones  who  challenge  the  status  quo  of  existing  rules  and  strive  to  build/produce  something  better.  such  curiosity  efforts  have  promised  us  a  life  where  electronic  devices  machines  will  probably  become  our  best  friend.  yes,  you  read  it  correctly  the  vision  to  to  reduce  human  labour  to  almost  nil.  the  idea  of  interconnected  devices  where  the  devices  are  smart  enough  to  share  information  with  us,  to  cloud  based  applications  and  to  each  other  device  to  device.  smart  devices  or  connected
__label__energymonitoringmanagement devices  as  they  are  commonly  called,  are  designed  in  such  a  way  that  they  capture  and  utilize  every  bit  of  data  which  you  share  or  use  in  everyday  life.  and  these  devices  will  use  this  data  to  interact  with  you  on  daily  basis  and  complete  tasks.  this  new  wave  of  connectivity  is  going  beyond  laptops  and  smartphones,  its  going  towards  connected  cars,  smart  homes,  connected  wearables,  smart  cities  and  connected  healthcare.  basically  a  connected  life.  according  to  gartner  report,  by  2020  connected  devices  across  all  technologies  will  reach  to  20.6  billion.  woah  thats  a  huge  number.  source:  hp  hp  did
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  small  survey  in  which  they  estimated  therise  of  connected  devices  over  the  years  and  the  results  are  surprising.  are  we  moving  towards  a  fully  automated  world?  these  devices  will  bridge  the  gap  between  physical  and  digital  world  to  improve  the  quality  and  productivity  of  life,  society  and  industries.  with  iot  catching  up  smart  homes  is  the  most  awaited  feature,  with  brands  already  getting  into  the  competition  with  smart  applicances.  wearables  are  another  feature  trending  second  on  the  internet.  with  launch  of  apple  watch  and  more  devices  to  flow  in,  these  connected  devices  are  going  to  keep  us  hooked  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  interconnected  world.  a  survey  conducted  by  krc  reserach  in  uk,  us,  japan  and  germany  the  early  adopters  of  iot  has  revealed  which  devices  are  the  customers  more  likely  to  use  in  the  coming  years.  smart  appliances  like  thermostat,  smart  refrigerator  to  name  a  few  are  most  liked  by  the  customers  and  are  seem  to  change  the  way  we  operate.  source:gsma  report  if  you  are  wondering  what  impact  will  iot  have  on  the  economy  then  for  your  information  as  per  the  cisco  report  iot  will  generate  14.4  trillion  in  value  across  all  industries  in  the  next  decade.  yes,  you  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement thinking  correctly  iot  will  bring  a  wave,  nobody  can  forsee.  now,  to  give  you  a  glimpse  of  how  applications  of  iot  will  transform  our  lives  i  have  listed  down  few  areas  where  iot  is  much  awaited  and  companies  are  preparing  to  surprise  you  with  smart  devices.for  better  understanding,  ive  added  youtube  videos  for  you,  see  what  our  future  holds.  read  on  and  tell  us  which  smart  devices  are  you  eager  to  use.  with  iot  creating  the  buzz,  smart  home  isthe  most  searched  iot  associated  feature  on  google.  but,  what  is  a  smart  home?  wouldnt  you  love  if  you  could  switch
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  air  conditioning  before  reaching  home  or  switch  off  lights  even  after  you  have  left  home?  or  unlock  the  doors  to  friends  for  temporary  access  even  when  you  are  not  at  home.  dont  be  surprised  with  iot  taking  shape  companies  are  building  products  to  make  your  life  simpler  and  convenient.  smart  home  has  become  the  revolutionary  ladder  of  success  in  the  residential  spaces  and  it  is  predicted  smart  homes  will  become  as  common  as  smartphones.  the  cost  of  owning  a  house  is  the  biggest  expense  in  a  homeowners  life.  smart  home  products  are  promised  to  save  time,  energy  and  money.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  smart  home  companies  like  nest,  ecobee,  ring  and  august,  to  name  a  few,  will  become  household  brands  and  are  planning  to  deliver  a  never  seen  before  experience.  heres  a  brief  video  which  shows  youa  smart  home  from  the  future  and  how  your  life  will  be  simplified.  to  find  out  the  best  smart  devices.  wearables  have  experienced  a  explosive  demand  in  markets  all  over  the  world.  companies  like  google,  samsung  have  invested  heavily  in  building  such  devices.  but,  how  do  they  work?  wearable  devices  are  installed  withsensors  and  softwares  whichcollect  data  and  information  about  the  users.  this  data  is  later
__label__energymonitoringmanagement preprocessed  to  extract  essential  insights  about  user.  these  devices  broadly  cover  fitness,  health  and  entertainment  requirements.  the  prerequisite  from  internet  of  things  technology  for  wearable  applications  is  to  be  highly  energy  efficient  or  ultralow  power  and  small  sized.  here  are  some  top  examples  of  wearable  iot  devices  that  fulfill  these  requirements.  to  find  latestnews  making  headlines  on  smart  wearables.  the  automotive  digital  technology  has  focused  on  optimizing  vehicles  internal  functions.  but  now,  this  attention  is  growing  towards  enhancingthe  incar  experience.  a  connected  car  is  a  vehicle  which  is  able  to  optimize  its  own  operation,  maintenance  as  well  as  comfort  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement passengers  using  onboard  sensors  and  internet  connectivity.  most  large  auto  makers  as  well  as  some  brave  startups  are  working  on  connected  car  solutions.  majorbrands  like  tesla,  bmw,  apple,  googleare  working  on  bringing  the  next  revolution  in  automobiles.  watch  the  video  to  experience  the  future  of  connected  cars.  to  know  about  the  updates  on  connected  cars.  industrial  internet  is  the  new  buzz  in  the  industrial  sector,  also  termed  as  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  .  it  is  empoweringindustrial  engineering  with  sensors,  software  and  big  data  analytics  to  create  brilliant  machines.  according  to  jeff  immelt,  ceo,  ge  electric,  iiot  is  a  beautiful,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement desirable  and  investable  asset.  the  driving  philosophy  behind  iiot  is  that,  smart  machines  are  more  accurate  and  consistent  than  humans  in  communicating  through  data.  and,  this  data  can  help  companies  pick  inefficiencies  and  problems  sooner.  iiot  holds  great  potential  for  quality  control  and  sustainability.  applications  for  tracking  goods,  real  time  information  exchange  about  inventory  among  suppliers  and  retailers  and  automated  delivery  will  increase  the  supply  chain  efficiency.  according  to  ge  the  improvement  industry  productivity  will  generate  10  trillion  to  15  trillion  in  gdp  worldwide  over  next  15  years.  the  video  explains  emergence  of  iiot  in  industries  very  accurately.  to  know
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  latest  on  iiot.  smart  city  isanother  powerful  application  of  iot  generating  curiosity  among  worlds  population.  smart  surveillance,  automated  transportation,  smarter  energy  management  systems,  water  distribution,  urban  security  and  environmental  monitoring  all  are  examples  of  internet  of  things  applications  for  smart  cities.  iot  will  solve  major  problems  faced  by  the  people  living  in  cities  like  pollution,  traffic  congestion  and  shortage  of  energy  supplies  etc.  products  like  cellular  communication  enabled  smart  belly  trash  will  send  alerts  to  municipal  services  when  a  bin  needs  to  be  emptied.  by  installing  sensors  and  using  web  applications,  citizens  can  find  free  available  parking  slots  across
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  city.  also,  the  sensors  can  detect  meter  tampering  issues,  general  malfunctions  and  any  installation  issues  in  the  electricity  system.  to  understand  better  the  functioning  of  smart  cities  check  out  this  video.  to  know  more  about  smart  cities.  with  the  continous  increase  in  worlds  population,  demand  for  food  supply  is  extremely  raised.  governments  are  helping  farmers  to  useadvanced  techniques  and  research  to  increase  food  production.  smart  farming  is  one  of  the  fastest  growing  field  in  iot.  farmers  are  using  meaningful  insights  from  the  data  to  yield  better  return  on  investment.  sensing  for  soil  moisture  and  nutrients,  controlling  water  usage  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement plant  growth  and  determining  custom  fertilizer  are  some  simple  uses  of  iot.  if  you  are  curious,  the  video  below  explains  further  about  this  concept.  to  know  the  latest  about  iot  in  agriculture.  the  potential  of  iot  in  the  retail  sector  is  enormous.  iot  provides  an  opportunity  to  retailers  to  connect  with  the  customers  to  enhance  the  instore  experience.  smartphones  will  be  the  way  for  retailers  to  remain  connected  with  their  consumers  even  out  of  store.  interacting  through  smartphones  and  using  beacon  technology  can  help  retailers  serve  their  consumers  better.  they  can  also  track  consumers  path  through  a  store  and  improve
__label__energymonitoringmanagement store  layout  and  place  premium  products  in  high  traffic  areas.  watch  this  video  to  find  out  how  connected  retail  will  make  your  life  easier.  to  know  the  latest  technology  changing  the  face  of  retail.  power  grids  of  the  future  will  not  only  be  smart  enough  but  also  highly  reliable.  smart  grid  concept  is  becoming  very  popular  all  over  world.  the  basic  idea  behind  the  smart  grids  is  to  collect  data  in  an  automated  fashion  and  analyze  the  behavior  or  electricity  consumers  and  suppliers  for  improving  efficiency  as  well  as  economics  of  electricity  use.  smart  grids  will  also  be  able  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement detect  sources  of  power  outages  more  quickly  and  at  individual  household  levels  like  near  by  solar  panel,  making  possible  distributed  energy  system.  heres  a  video  to  explain  how  smart  grid  operates.  to  know  the  power  of  iot  in  energy  saving.  connected  healthcare  yet  remains  the  sleeping  giant  of  the  internet  of  things  applications.  the  concept  of  connected  healthcare  system  and  smart  medical  devices  bears  enormous  potential  not  just  for  companies,  but  also  for  the  wellbeing  of  people  in  general.  research  shows  iot  in  healthcare  will  be  massive  in  coming  years.  iot  in  healthcare  is  aimed  at  empowering  people  to  live
__label__energymonitoringmanagement healthier  lifeby  wearing  connected  devices.  the  collected  data  will  help  in  personalized  analysis  of  an  individuals  health  and  provide  tailor  made  strategies  to  combat  illness.  the  video  below  explains  how  iot  can  revolutionize  treatment  and  medical  help.  to  know  latest  news  about  iot  in  healthcare.  livestock  monitoring  is  about  animal  husbandry  and  cost  saving.  using  iot  applications  to  gather  data  about  the  health  and  well  being  of  the  cattle,  ranchers  knowing  early  about  the  sick  animal  can  pull  out  and  help  prevent  large  number  of  sick  cattle.  with  the  help  of  the  collected  data  and  ranchers  can  increase  the  poultry
__label__energymonitoringmanagement production.  watch  this  interesting  video.  the  future  of  iot  is  more  fascinating  than  this  where  billions  of  things  will  be  talking  to  each  other  and  human  intervention  will  become  least.  iot  will  bring  macro  shiftin  the  way  we  live  and  work.  i  hope  you  had  fun  reading  about  all  thesepowerful  and  promisingapplications  of  internet  of  things.  there  are  many  more  areas  where  iot  is  making  an  impact.networked  toys  is  one  application  of  iot  which  will  change  the  playing  experience  of  your  kids.  iot  can  also  be  used  in  thedetection  ofenvironmental  issues.  did  you  like  reading  this  article?  now  am  sure
__label__energymonitoringmanagement you  will  be  able  to  tell  which  smart  device  you  are  eagerly  waiting  for.  tell  us  in  the  comments  below.  and  if  you  are  currently  related  to  an  iot  related  profile.  do  share  your  experience  and  concerns  in  the  comments  sections.  discussion  portal  as  the  internet  has  grown  in  popularity,  so  too  has  online  marketing  and  digital  marketing.  excellent  article.  very  informative  and  structured  article  explained  in  a  lucid  way  the  extra  readings  and  the  videos  attached  at  the  end  were  commendable.  thanks  swati  ..looking  forward  for  more  such  articles  from  you.  hi  vaibhav,  thanks.  i  am  glad  you  found
__label__energymonitoringmanagement it  helpful.  thanks  for  sharing  the  marvellous  post  its  really  helpful  for  me  keep  it  up  you  are  doing  good  job  its  really  help  for  me  excellent  inforamation  for  easily  understandable  even  for  common  man  hi  atiq,  your  welcome.  great  article  swati  thanks  for  posting  this  usefu  piece  iot  in  banking  another  hot  and  emerging  application  area.  very  easy  to  understand.  really  helping  great  artcile  very  structured  and  crisp  explanation  of  applications  with  videos..  keep  it  up..  nice  article.  valuable  information  this  was  the  most  beautiful  information  on  iot,  thank  you  it  very  good  from  you  to  help  people  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement deep  technology  as  iot  go  ahead  nice  to  see  youth  in  high  technology  contributing  so  to  help  people  iot  is  good  idea  hey  swati  ,it  was  a  great  piece  of  article  for  iot  beginner  just  like  me.  thanks  for  putting  this.  explained  nicely  and  in  well  mannerthanks  a  very  interesting  article,  covered  all  the  different  industries  and  videos  sharing  the  realtime  impact  it  will  be  creating.  interesting,  how  an  enthusiast  vs  a  skeptic  would  perceive  these  innovations.  very  nice  article,  iot  in  agriculture  helped  alot.  superabbb  article,  very  informative,  covered  almost  all  the  different  areas  of  iot.  worth  post.  you
__label__energymonitoringmanagement covered  almost  all  the  areas  where  iot  can  be  used  smartly  and  provide  benefits,  very  well  organized  post.  great  blog,  information  and  youtube  videos  you  provided  about  iot  was  very  helpful,thanks  for  sharing  such  a  valuable  blog  with  us..  dont  have  an  account?  here.  copyright  20132019  analytics  vidhya.  dont  have  an  account?  here
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  truly  apologize  that  this  error  has  occurred.  we  take  these  matters  very  seriously  and  ask  for  your  help  in  notifying  us  of  the  problem.  please  email  us  at  digitalsecurityavnet.com,  using  reference  number:  thank  you  in  advance  for  your  assistance  in  resolving  this  issue.  avnet  customer  care
__label__energymonitoringmanagement learn  more  about  the  argument  for  microgrids.  an  even  in  wellserved  areas,  microgrids  make  it  easier  to  incorporate  renewable  energyand  to  help  their  operators  to  save  money.  heres  a  look  at  why  microgrids  may  be  important  to  the  future  of  grid  power.  as  ,  the  u.s.  department  of  energy  microgrid  exchange  group  characterizes  microgrids  in  this  manner:  a  microgrid  is  a  group  of  interconnected  loads  and  distributed  energy  resources  within  clearly  defined  electrical  boundaries  that  acts  as  a  single  controllable  entity  with  respect  to  the  grid.  a  microgrid  can  connect  and  disconnect  from  the  grid  to  enable  it  to  operate
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  both  gridconnected  or  islandmode.  or,  putting  it  differently,  a  microgrid  is  a  system  of  energy  sources,  energy  consumers,  and  energy  storage.  this  system  can  operate  completely  independently  from  the  traditional  centralized  power  grid  macrogrid  in  island  mode.  alternatively,  in  the  gridconnected  mode,  it  can  be  a  source  of  power  to  the  macrogridor  it  can  draw  power  from  the  macrogrid  as  conditions  demand.  the  classical  case  is  a  microgrid  whose  main  energy  source  is  renewable  power.  when  the  sun  shines  and  the  wind  blows,  the  microgrid  may  generate  more  power  than  its  users  needand  even  more  than  it  can  storeso
__label__energymonitoringmanagement it  transfers  power  to  the  macrogrid.  on  cloudy  days  when  the  wind  is  calm,  it  cant  generate  sufficient  power  and  may  have  even  run  out  of  stored  energy,  so  the  macro  grid  is  called  on  to  transfer  power  to  our  microgrid.  a  microgrid  that  connects  to  the  macrogrid  when  conditions  mandate.  image  used  courtesy  of  .  berkeley  labs  and  the  us  department  of  energy  doe  actively  promote  microgrids.  they  maintain  a  webpage  entitled  that  lists  and  provides  links  stateoftheart  examplesof  projects  accomplished  or  still  under  construction.  there  are  many  motivations  for  the  establishment  of  microgrids,  and  three  of  the  most
__label__energymonitoringmanagement common  are:  puerto  rico  after  hurricane  maria  is  a  famous  example  of  when  a  macrogrid  has  failed.  maria  left  the  island  residentswith  no  electricity  at  all  for  extended  periods  of  time.  this  leftmany  american  citizens  in  this  us  commonwealth  in  situations  where  they  couldnt  rely  on  power,  includingkeeping  insulin  refrigerated  and  useable.  at  present,  the  puerto  rican  utility  authority,  prepa,  is  restructuring  the  islands  power  gridlikely  by  establishing  multiple  renewableenergy  microgrids.  the  plan  involves  dividing  the  island  into  eight  interconnectable,  regional  minigrids,  each  capable  of  functioning  on  its  own  if  needed.  the  minigrids,  themselves,  will  be  divided  into  microgrids,  also
__label__energymonitoringmanagement able  to  go  it  alone.  an  ,  places  heavy  emphasis  on  solar  energy,  liquefied  natural  gas  lng,  and  energy  storage  capability.  an  important  hallmark  is  that  each  microgrid  component  will  be  able  to  function  on  its  own  no  matter  what  happens  to  the  utility  as  a  whole.  additionally,  because  puerto  rico  is  an  island,  a  shipbased  lng  terminal  on  the  island  is  highly  desirable.  many  different  scenarios  were  presented,  but  all  emphasized  decentralization  and  the  capability  to  segregate  the  system  into  eight  minigrids,  subdivided  into  microgrids.  the  university  of  chile  has  developed  a  microgrid  for  the  town  of  huatacondo.  too
__label__energymonitoringmanagement far  off  the  beaten  track  for  any  established  macrogrid,  the  towns  only  previous  source  of  energy  was  a  150  kw  diesel  generator,  which  only  operated  10  hours  each  day.  a  wind  turbine  in  huatacondo,  chile.  image  from  the  new  microgrid  includes  a  22  kw  tracking  solar  photovoltaic  pv  system,  a  3  kw  wind  turbine,  and  a  170  kwh  storage  battery  system.  there  is  also  an  energy  management  system.  part  of  its  job  is  to  be  aware  of  the  weather  forecast  to  estimate  the  amounts  of  energy  that  the  pv  system  and  the  wind  turbine  can  contribute.  it  will  also  point
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  pv  cells  at  the  correct  angle  to  absorb  the  most  sunlight.  it  will  also  strive  to  minimize  use  of  the  diesel  to  save  on  fuel  costs  as  much  as  possible,  while  making  sure  basic  energy  needs  are  met.  the  generation  of  electricity  often  involves  the  generation  of  heat.  safely  venting  this  heat  can  be  expensive.  it  is  also  wasteful,  as  this  heat  can  be  used  to  provide  hot  water  and  to  heat  building,  and  a  welldesigned  microgrid  will  do  just  that.  the  formal  term  of  such  an  arrangement  is  combined  heat  and  power  chp.  it  can  be  taken  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement step  further  in  a  process  called  trigeneration,  which  adds  a  device  called  an  absorption  chiller,  aka  an  absorption  refrigerator.  on  hot  days,  the  excess  heat  from  a  systemis  routed  to  the  absorption  refrigeratorand  used  to  provide  cooling  as  an  air  conditioner  equivalent.  the  absolute  beauty  of  this  concept  is  that  the  excess  heat  inexorably  generated  in  the  process  of  providing  electricity  was  previously  a  problem  to  be  dealt  with.  now,  it  is  an  asset  to  be  profitably  exploited.  microgrids  are  growing  in  popularity  so  quickly  that  they  were  seen  as  a  threat  to  utilities  that  could  siphonaway  their  business  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement revenue.  southern  company  is  an  american  gas  and  electric  utility  holding  company  that  is  taking  a  different  approachthey  are  buying  into  the  trend.  southern  company  has  formed  a  strategic  alliance  with  advanced  microgrid  solutionsto  jointly  develop  and  deploy  behindthemeter  distributed  energy  resources  across  the  united  states.  microgrids  can  be  usedfor  large  utilities.  image  used  courtesy  of  the  the  parallels  between  smart  buildings  are  microgrids  are  obvious.  both  take  advantage  of  solar  energy,  and  neither  let  any  heat  energy  to  go  to  waste.  the  goal  may  or  may  not  be  independence  from  the  macrogridbut  rather  always  relying  on  the  macrogrid  as
__label__energymonitoringmanagement little  as  possible.  in  almost  all  cases,  whether  the  microgrid  is  gridconnected  or  islandmode,  a  major  goaland  accomplishmentis  to  use  as  little  fossil  fuel  as  possible  while  still  serving  the  energy  needs  of  a  connected  community.  by  by  by  by  by  dont  have  an  aac  account?  .  forgot  your  password?  .
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  information  technologies  and  communications,  technical  university  of  cartagena,  30202  cartagena,  spain;  department  of  information  technologies  and  communications,  technical  university  of  cartagena,  30202  cartagena,  spain;  department  of  electronics  technology,  technical  university  of  cartagena,  30202  cartagena,  spain;  hidrogea,  gestin  integral  del  agua  s.a.,  30008  murcia,  spain;  iot  is  much  more  than  a  large  number  of  objects  or  customer  devices  connected  to  the  internet.  iot  offers  organizations  many  more  opportunities  than  they  can  imagine.  according  to  this,  sooner  or  later  they  will  probably  choose  to  build  their  own  iot  network.  in  this  article,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  review  the  technologies  of  iot  lpwan  sigfox  and  lora.  it  can  be  considered  the  most  important  at  present  due  to  its  ability  to  make  the  smart  city  possible.  we  also  propose  the  development,  deployment  and  implementation  of  a  mixed  iot  architecture  lorasigfox  composed  of  components  based  on  open  hardware  and  software.  the  architecture  is  evaluated  in  a  real  environment  focused  on  remote  monitoring  of  water  meter  devices.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  gaining  importance  and  increasing  participation  in  every  field  worldwide.  this  trend  does  not  only  apply  to  people  in  their  daily  lives,  but  also  becomes  a  determining
__label__energymonitoringmanagement factor  for  companies.  what  some  years  ago  was  a  potential  technology  of  enabling  new  digital  business  initiatives  and  operational  improvements,  has  today  transitioned  to  the  implementation  phase.  iot  creates  an  ecosystem  that  enables  organizations  to  reinvent  the  way  in  which  they  relate  to  their  customers,  suppliers,  end  users  and  other  stakeholders.  also  in  how  their  industrial  processes  and  their  working  time,  offering  information  that  will  allow  companies  explore  new  markets,  products  and  services.  this  allows,  among  other  applications,  remote  attention  and  monitoring  to  measure  behaviours  and  much  faster  responses  to  emergency  situations,  prevention  in  the  handling  of  equipment,  or  management
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  real  time  information  coming  from  supply  chains  about  offer,  demand  and  shipment  to  customers;  and,  in  general,  automation  and  management  of  all  assets  throughout  their  life  cycle  .  the  internet  of  things  is  the  fundamental  technological  component  on  which  the  paradigm  of  connected  objects  is  based  .  any  intelligent  object  is  able  to  send  and  receive  information  through  the  internet,  thereby  increasing  its  functionality  or  adding  value  to  the  one  it  already  has.  endpoints  of  the  internet  of  things  will  grow  at  a  32.9  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  by  2020,  reaching  an  installed  base  of  20.4  billion  units.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement there  has  been  a  massive  growth  in  the  number  of  endpoints  and  major  technology  disruptions  in  sensor,  device,  gateway  and  digital  twin  technologies.  this  is  coupled  with  the  growth  of  edge  computing  technologies,  where  computing  and  analytics  move  closer  to  the  endpoint  to  enable  more  realtime  use  case  .  at  present  there  are  a  wide  variety  of  wireless  technologies  such  as  wifi,  bluetooth,  2g/3g/4g,  rfid,  zigbee  and  many  others  that  allow  us  to  deploy  an  iot  network.  however,  the  suitable  technology  will  be  chosen  according  to  the  needs  of  the  design,  since  each  technology  has  its  own  characteristics  and  adapts
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  different  applications.  network  coverage,  energy  consumption  of  devices  and  transmission  bandwidth,  are  some  of  the  factors  to  be  considered  .  the  connection  of  such  a  large  number  of  objects  envisages  new  challenges  for  the  networks  supporting  them,  and  must  have  a  high  scalability  to  absorb  the  expected  exponential  growth  as  well  as  simplicity  in  the  registration  of  new  devices.  in  this  context,  the  objects  must  have  an  optimal  consumption  so  that  they  can  be  installed  in  different  places  without  the  need  for  external  power  supplies.  on  the  other  hand,  it  is  interesting  that  the  signal  transmitted  by  the  endpoint
__label__energymonitoringmanagement can  reach  long  distances  without  attenuating  excessively.  also  the  network  traffic  will  be  based  on  the  sending  of  small  packages  of  information  every  certain  time  so  it  will  not  be  necessary  a  large  bandwidth.  neither  the  transmission  speed  nor  the  latency  of  the  network  will  be  critical  parameters.  most  important,  it  will  be  just  the  data  arrives,  regardless  of  how  fast  they  do  it.  under  these  premises,  the  network  technology  that  best  adapts  to  the  described  requirements  is  lpwan  low  power  wide  area  network  .  the  lpwan  name  includes  wide  area  and  low  power  networks  specific  for  iot  applications.  they
__label__energymonitoringmanagement allow  the  deployment  of  a  large  number  of  connected  objects  at  a  low  infrastructure  costs.  they  offer  longrange  connectivity  to  cheap,  batteryoperated  devices,  which  require  the  transmission  of  small  amounts  of  data  at  regular  intervals  of  time  over  a  long  lifespan  .  in  this  work  we  rely  on  two  of  the  most  popular  lpwan  communication  systems  for  iot  networks,  such  as  sigfox  and  lora.  lora  from  semtech  is  similar  in  performance  to  sigfox,  but  with  a  spread  spectrum  ss  approach.  semtech  focuses  on  chip  manufacturing  for  both  sensors  and  base  stations,  and  its  business  model  is  based  on  allowing  companies
__label__energymonitoringmanagement or  individual  users  to  deploy  their  own  networks.  in  the  work  presented  here,  this  feature  is  very  interesting  because  it  favours  the  use  of  m2m  and  relay  communications  in  low  coverage  areas  where  devices  have  connectivity  problems.  the  business  model  is  different  from  sigfox.  the  mobile  telephony  operators  promoting  lora  technology,  offer  iot  as  another  company  service.  sigfox  is  a  french  startup  that  gives  its  name  to  technology.  it  is  a  solution  that  seeks  compatibility  with  many  module  manufacturers  adopting  a  neutral  position  such  as  avnet,  telit,  texas  instrument,  etc.,  and  therefore  there  are  more  variety  of  devices  compatible  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  technology  in  the  market  known  as  sigfox  ready  devices.  sigfox  acts  directly  on  the  market  as  an  operator  and  can  talk  directly  with  end  customers,  which  is  an  opportunity  for  integrators  and  specialists  in  solutions  and  services  to  adopt  this  technology.  in  addition  to  connecting  a  large  number  of  objects,  the  variety  of  them  is  also  very  wide,  with  many  different  iot  categories  including  lowpower  devices,  smart  cars,  wearables  or  smart  meters.  the  latter  collects  user  consumed  water,  gas,  or  electricity.  other  sensors  and  devices  send  data  from  a  variety  of  sources,  such  as  temperature,  light,  sound,  etc.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement result  of  being  such  a  broad  term  is  that  we  will  not  find  a  universal  architecture  that  meets  the  requirements  and  needs  of  each  iot  category.  an  example  of  reference  architecture  for  smart  meters  can  be  found  in  which  covers  multiple  aspects  such  as  a  cloud  architecture  that  allows  monitoring,  managing,  interacting  and  processing  data  from  iot  devices.  nevertheless  a  global  reference  architecture  must  also  include  a  network  model  to  communicate  devices  and  have  agents  and  codes  for  them,  as  well  as  the  requirements  of  the  products  that  are  capable  of  supporting  this  reference  architecture  .  the  management  of  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement integral  cycle  of  urban  water,  from  the  moment  water  is  collected  and  arrives  at  the  tap,  until  it  is  returned  to  nature  and  reused,  is  divided  into  three  phases:  supply,  sanitation  and  reuse.  the  supply  ranges  from  the  collection  of  water  until  it  reaches  the  connections  and  meters  of  the  buildings.  the  sanitation  is  in  charge  of  the  used  water,  which  leaves  the  houses,  and  it  is  returned  respecting  the  environment.  the  reuse,  which  is  carried  out  in  some  cases,  uses  water  coming  from  for  different  users  different  from  human  consumption,  such  as  garden  irrigation,  agriculture  or  some  industrial  uses.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement water  is  necessary  daily.  although  it  seems  abundant,  it  is  not  an  unlimited  resource,  and  in  particular  drinking  water  is  necessary  for  human  life.  without  conservation  efforts,  the  water  supply  may  be  exhausted.  throughout  the  cycle  there  are  agents  in  charge  of  pricing,  to  ensure  customer  service,  data  statistics  and  prepare  regulations  .  in  this  work,  we  propose  the  design,  implementation  and  evaluation  of  a  solution  specialized  in  residential  water  management  through  the  development  and  connection  of  smart  water  meter  devices,  integrated  into  a  mixed  iot  lorasigfox  architecture.  this  solution  will  allow  us  to  efficiently  manage  the  water  distribution  network.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement unlike  most  current  remote  reading  systems,  and  making  use  of  bidirectional  communication,  in  addition  to  remote  reading,  will  be  possible  to  act  remotely  on  the  customers  equipment  interrupting  the  supply  in  case  of  incidents.  smart  remote  reading  thanks  to  the  use  of  smart  meters  facilitates  greater  control  over  the  water  consumed  and  thus  savings  in  water  consumption  are  achieved  contributing  to  the  development  of  the  eu  water  directive  and  the  development  of  smart  cities  in  this  sector  .  during  the  implementation  of  the  proposed  solution,  it  was  chosen  to  develop  our  own  devices  with  embedded  hardware  and  software.  the  reason
__label__energymonitoringmanagement was  that  commercial  products  did  not  have  all  the  required  functionality  and  additionally  the  following  advantages  have  been  achieved:  1  customization  capacity  according  to  the  needs  of  the  proposal;  2  scalability  to  add  new  functionalities  and  3  low  cost  design.  likewise,  since  it  is  an  open  design  of  both  hardware  and  software,  it  facilitates  the  research  community  to  create  their  own  solutions,  overcoming  the  drawbacks  of  other  closed  commercial  products.  the  smart  iot  meter  device  developed,  unlike  similar  products,  not  only  performs  the  remote  reading  function,  it  is  also  capable  of  carrying  out  remote  control  over  adjacent  devices  such  as
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  solenoid  valve.  it  was  made  using  the  minimum  number  of  possible  components  and  reduced  cost,  matching  the  needs  of  simplicity  and  economy.  the  use  of  a  highlevel  language  interpreted  for  programming  facilitates  customization.  regarding  the  connectivity  to  the  network,  given  that  in  certain  locations,  especially  inside  buildings  or  basements,  we  may  have  absence  or  instability  of  link  to  the  sigfox  network,  a  new  device  was  built  to  be  located  in  an  intermediate  position  with  good  connectivity  to  sigfox.  this  device  sends  to  the  network  the  data  received  from  multiple  smart  meter  units  with  bad  or  without  connectivity.  this  intermediate
__label__energymonitoringmanagement position  implements  a  pointtopoint  radio  link  based  on  lora  technology  which  benefits  from  a  wide  range  and  high  interference  immunity.  in  this  way  we  avoid  the  use  of  sigfox  micro  access  stations,  saving  important  infrastructure  costs.  finally,  for  the  areas  with  lorawan  coverage,  we  deployed  and  implemented  our  own  developed  base  station  based  on  open  hardware  and  software  which  acts  as  a  gateway  to  ip.  the  rest  of  the  article  is  structured  as  follows:  reviews  the  lpwan  sigfox  and  lora  technologies.  focuses  on  a  complete  description  of  the  proposed  mixed  network  architecture.  is  dedicated  to  the  hardware  elements  developed:  smart
__label__energymonitoringmanagement water  meters  with  iot  connectivity,  radio  link  for  shadow  zones  and  lorawan  base  stations.  describes  a  case  study  and  its  performance  evaluation.  finally,  includes  the  conclusions.  as  already  mentioned  in  the  introduction  section,  low  power  wide  area  networks  are  presented  as  an  optimal  technology  for  iot  in  cases  where  great  autonomy,  long  range,  low  cost  and  transfer  of  small  data  amounts  .  unlike  wifi,  bluetooth,  zigbee  or  nfc,  it  allows  longer  range  links  and  scalability  is  greater  since  supports  a  higher  number  of  devices.  in  comparison  with  cellular  technologies  such  as  2g,  3g  or  4g,  the  energy  consumption  is  lower,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement which  increases  the  autonomy,  the  cost  of  the  device  is  smaller  and  the  connectivity  of  new  devices  is  simpler  .  nbiot  is  a  lpwan  technology  standardized  by  the  3gpp  3rd  generation  partnership  project  which  uses  licensed  frequency  bands  assigned  to  mobile  telephony  operators  and  takes  advantage  of  its  already  deployed  infrastructure.  although  it  is  based  on  a  simplified  version  of  the  lte  protocol,  still  requires  more  energy  than  other  lpwan  solutions  because  the  synchronous  communication,  qos  handling  and  orthogonal  frequency  division  multiple  access  ofdma.  despite  it  has  the  highest  throughput  and  lowest  latency,  additional  drawbacks  are  the  lowest  range  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement not  all  suburban  areas  benefit  from  lte  coverage  .  the  lpwan  technologies  which  are  currently  receiving  the  most  attention  from  the  industry  and  the  research  community  are  sigfox  and  lora.  both  operate  in  ism  radio  bands  industrial  scientific  medical.  in  the  ism  bands  it  is  possible  to  operate  without  a  license  provided  that  the  restrictions  of  radiated  power,  bandwidth  and  transmission  cycle  are  met.  the  band  most  used  in  europe  by  these  technologies  is  the  868  mhz,  defined  in  the  ecc  7003  .  regulation  for  this  spectrum  segment  allows  an  erp  effective  radiated  power  of  14  dbm  at  27  dbm
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  an  operating  cycle  below  of  1  or  10.  this  implies  that  the  same  device  is  not  authorized  to  emit  beyond  1  every  hour  on  each  frequency,  that  is  to  say  36  s,  which  depending  on  the  duration  of  the  transmission  of  the  message,  can  suppose  a  maximum  of  6  messages  per  hour,  that  is,  a  message  every  10  min.  sigfox  is  not  only  the  name  of  an  iot  technology  but  also  a  network  operator  that  provides  a  complete  solution,  which  covers  since  the  collection  of  data  from  objects  in  any  area  of  the  world  under  coverage  up  to  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement transfer  of  these  data  towards  the  information  system  of  any  possible  customer.  the  business  model  is  based  on  invoicing  for  the  connectivity  provided  to  the  devices.  since  2009,  sigfox  has  had  a  rapid  growth,  and  in  november  2018  is  available  in  53  countries,  with  an  estimated  coverage  area  of  5  million  square  kilometres  .  currently,  each  base  station  reaches  an  area  from  3  to  10  km  in  urban  environments  and  from  30  to  50  km  in  rural  areas,  offering  different  services  for  up  to  1  million  devices  .  before  a  sigfox  device  can  be  registered  in  the  network,  it  must
__label__energymonitoringmanagement pass  a  certification  process  defined  by  sigfoxs  official  specifications,  thus  serving  to  ensure  compatibility  and  quality  of  service.  in  these  certification  tests,  both  the  link  layer  protocol  and  the  rf  radiation  performance  are  evaluated,  giving  rise  to  a  classification  based  on  the  transmission  power  .  when  the  certification  process  is  passed,  an  official  certificate  is  provided,  which  will  later  be  necessary  for  the  registration  of  any  other  device  of  the  same  model.  in  addition,  each  device  is  associated  with  a  pair  of  id/pac  identifiers  that  are  necessary  for  the  registration  in  the  sigfox  network.  the  deviceid  is  a  globally  unique
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 32bit  identifier  that  is  recorded  in  the  nonvolatile  memory  of  the  device  and  it  does  not  change  during  the  lifetime  of  the  device.  the  pac  porting  authorization  code  proves  the  ownership  of  the  device  and  changes  each  time  the  device  is  registered  or  transferred.  for  transmission  of  information,  in  the  physical  layer  of  the  protocol  is  used  a  unb  ultra  narrow  band  radio  technology,  with  a  channel  width  of  100  hz,  dbpsk  differential  binary  phase  shift  keying  modulation  and  a  bit  rate  of  100  bps  .  the  modulation  is  the  simplest  one  of  the  phase  shift  type,  offering  the  highest
__label__energymonitoringmanagement immunity  to  noise  due  to  the  fact  that  the  maximum  difference  of  symbols  is  180.  by  concentrating  the  radiation  in  a  very  small  bandwidth,  the  energy  density  is  increased  and  a  link  more  immune  to  signal  interference  with  higher  bandwidth  and  power  is  achieved  .  it  is  possible  to  achieve  longrange  wireless  links  of  up  to  163.3  db  of  total  loss  with  14  dbm  of  transmit  power,  using  an  antenna  with  2.15  dbm  gain,  a  base  station  receiver  with  a  sensitivity  of  142  dbm  and  a  reception  antenna  of  5.15  dbm  .  in  ,  it  can  be  seen  that  each
__label__energymonitoringmanagement transmission  period  of  the  device  lasts  around  2  s  and  is  repeated  3  times  at  different  frequencies  in  order  to  increase  the  possibilities  of  reception  by  the  network.  the  base  stations  maintain  reception  in  a  192  khz  segment  around  the  central  frequency  868,130  mhz  in  europe  and  the  devices  can  transmit  on  any  frequency  within  that  segment  .  if  a  response  is  requested,  a  reception  window  of  25  s  is  opened  and  a  confirmation  of  reception  is  subsequently  generated.  for  the  transmission  from  the  network  to  the  device,  gfsk  gaussian  frequency  shift  modulation  is  used  at  a  speed  of  600
__label__energymonitoringmanagement bps  and  a  channel  is  chosen  according  to  the  one  used  for  uploading  within  the  200  khz  downlink  segment  and  the  european  central  frequency  of  869,525  mhz  .  therefore,  it  is  a  bidirectional  but  asymmetric  communication,  which  is  always  initiated  by  the  device  and  only  is  produced  a  downloading  communication  if  it  is  requested  by  this  device.  the  number  of  uploading  messages  per  device  to  the  network  is  limited  to  140  per  day  and  the  number  of  downloading  messages  is  limited  to  4.  chronology  of  a  sigfox  communication.  in  the  data  link  level  mac,  medium  access  control  associated  with  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement osi  model  open  system  interconnection,  each  uplink  frame  has  a  total  length  of  26  bytes  208  bits.  up  to  12  bytes  96  bits  of  this  data  link  frame  can  be  a  payload,  that  is,  a  message  defined  by  the  user.  the  protocol  overload  consists  of  a  preamble  for  synchronization  of  the  receiver,  a  device  identifier  for  authenticating  the  message,  a  message  identifier  for  detecting  duplicated  elements  and  a  sum  of  bits  for  error  checksum.  it  does  not  include  any  signalling  with  the  network  and  messages  are  not  confirmed  either.  the  user  is  free  to  distribute  as  desired  the  information  within
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  12  bytes  of  payload,  since  these  will  be  stored  and  will  arrive  at  the  clients  servers  as  is  .  shows  this  frame  corresponding  to  osi  level  2.  uplink  datalink  frame.  fields  and  associated  length.  the  downlink  frame  in  can  contain  up  to  8  bytes  of  customizable  information  depending  on  the  application.  the  content  can  be  updated  from  the  sigfox  backend  with  constants  or  variables  such  as  the  current  date  and  time,  or  be  generated  dynamically  from  the  users  infrastructure.  downlink  datalink  frame.  fields  and  associated  length.  regarding  security,  the  emitter  is  authenticated  by  means  of  the  device  identifier  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  message  authentication  is  performed  by  means  of  its  sequence  number.  as  a  negotiation  with  the  network,  it  is  not  necessary  at  the  moment  of  sending  messages,  the  device  transmits  the  message  without  waiting  for  a  response;  therefore,  trying  to  interfere  with  the  receiver  of  the  device  does  not  avoid  communication.  in  the  radio  link  there  is  no  encryption  of  the  messages,  this  task  is  assigned  to  the  osi  application  layer  if  necessary.  a  vpn  tunnel  is  established  between  the  base  stations  and  the  sigfox  servers  and  the  secure  https  protocol  can  be  used  to  communicate  with  the  users  infrastructure.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  topology  of  sigfox  network  is  a  star  of  stars  type,  connecting  multiple  objects  to  the  same  base  station  and  all  the  base  stations  to  the  sigfox  servers.  the  base  station  works  as  a  sink  of  data  received  towards  certain  ip  address.  the  detection  of  duplicated  elements  and  the  authentication  are  managed  by  the  network  server,  not  by  the  base  stations.  the  concept  of  collaborative  network  is  used.  each  zone  is  usually  covered  by  3  base  stations  in  what  is  called  spatial  diversity.  with  3  base  stations  in  3  different  locations  covering  each  object  increases  the  reliability  of  message  reception.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement lora  long  range  modulation  technique  is  a  solution  for  lpwan  networks  based  on  spread  spectrum  transmission  techniques  and  css  modulation  chirp  spread  spectrum.  it  was  designed  in  2010  by  the  french  startup  cycleo,  which  was  acquired  by  the  semiconductor  manufacturer  semtech  corporation  in  2012,  who  is  currently  the  owner  of  the  technology,  has  registered  the  lora  brand  and  maintains  all  rights.  the  business  model  consists  of  obtaining  benefits  for  the  lora  radio  chipset,  leaving  the  final  user  or  an  intermediary  with  the  deployment  and  management  of  the  network  for  connected  objects.  the  lora  specification  only  describes  the  physical  layer  phy.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  link  layer  mac  is  available  lorawan  lora  for  wide  area  networks.  it  is  the  open  source  proposal  of  the  lora  alliance  that  can  be  used  freely  in  own  developments  for  both  devices  and  gateways.  shows  the  layered  organization  of  lora  and  lorawan.  the  lorawan  protocol  includes  encryption,  authentication,  adaptive  speed  and  error  correction  .  layer  model  for  lora  and  lorawan.  the  radio  chip  covers  the  frequencies  between  150  and  960  mhz  allowing  operation  in  most  ism  bands  around  the  world.  the  lora  modulation  uses  a  signal  called  chirp  that  changes  frequency  continuously  sweeping  the  entire  width  of  the  radio
__label__energymonitoringmanagement channel  which  is  typically  125  khz.  by  adjusting  the  spreading  factor  sf,  bandwidth  bw  and  coding  rate  cr  parameters,  a  compromise  solution  can  be  reached  between  data  rate,  link  budget,  interference  immunity  and  spectrum  occupancy.  each  bit  of  information  is  represented  by  multiple  sweeps  or  symbols,  and  the  relationship  between  the  speed  of  symbol  transmission  and  the  duration  of  the  sweep  is  the  spreading  factor,  with  typical  values  of  7  to  12  corresponding  to  bit  rates  of  11000  bps  to  250  bps  also  called  data  rate  dr0dr6.  at  higher  sf  values  the  effective  transfer  rate  is  reduced  but  the  robustness
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  the  link  is  increased.  also  in  order  to  increase  it,  cyclic  error  coding  is  used  with  possible  values  from  4/5  to  4/8  for  detection  and  correction  of  errors  assuming  an  overload  ratio  between  1.25  and  2.  the  use  of  a  greater  bandwidth  allows  increase  speed,  but  also  reduces  sensitivity  and  is  conditioned  by  the  regulations  of  each  region  .  lora  technology  is  able  to  demodulate  signals  19.5  db  below  the  noise  level,  unlike  most  systems  using  fsk  frequency  shift  keying  modulation  that  need  a  signal  810  db  above  the  noise  level,  being  able  to  achieve  distances  of  6  km
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  urban  environments  and  18  km  in  rural  scenarios  with  total  link  loss  of  up  to  154  db  and  receiver  sensitivity  of  142  dbm  .  an  added  feature  of  lora  is  the  ability  to  demodulate  several  signals  simultaneously  on  the  same  frequency  if  they  have  different  sf,  thus  creating  different  virtual  channels  and  increasing  the  capacity  of  the  gateway.  in  europe,  3  mandatory  channels  are  established  for  all  the  gateways  in  868.100  mhz,  868.300  mhz  and  868.500  mhz.  in  addition,  others  can  be  defined  according  to  the  operation  policy  of  each  network.  three  categories  of  devices  are  defined  :  class
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a:  they  are  kept  in  energy  savings  most  of  the  time.  after  sending  information  they  maintain  two  reception  windows  and  return  to  standby.  they  cannot  receive  data  at  any  time.  class  b:  communication  at  regular  intervals  by  synchronization  with  a  beacon.  although  they  do  not  need  to  send  data,  they  wake  up  periodically  to  receive  from  the  network.  class  c:  continuous  link  to  the  network.  they  can  receive  and  send  data  at  any  time.  shows  the  fields  that  make  up  a  lorawan  uplink  frame  both  physically  and  at  the  mac  layer  level.  it  can  be  seen  in  that  the  downlink
__label__energymonitoringmanagement frame  does  not  include  integrity  checking  at  the  physical  level  to  keep  messages  as  short  as  possible  and  reduce  their  impact  on  the  limitations  of  the  operation  cycle  in  the  ism  bands.  the  payload  can  be  a  maximum  of  between  51  and  222  bytes,  depending  on  the  sf  and  both  in  the  uplink  and  downlink  .  each  device  has  a  unique  and  permanent  32bit  identifier  called  deveui.  lorawan  includes  security  and  authentication  based  on  the  aes128  encryption  scheme  advanced  encryption  standard  and  other  security  standards  described  in  ieee  802.15.4/2006.  unlike  other  systems  that  depend  on  a  single  key  for  both
__label__energymonitoringmanagement functions,  lorawan  separates  between  authentication  and  encryption.  the  appskey  key  is  used  to  encrypt  the  message  payload.  authentication  and  message  integrity  control  uses  the  network  session  key  nwkskey.  there  are  two  device  association  methods  to  the  network  :  abp  activation  by  personalization:  with  this  method  it  is  necessary  to  program  the  security  keys  in  the  device.  based  on  the  deveui,  a  devaddr,  nwkskey  and  appskey  are  generated  for  each  client  to  be  used  during  communication.  otaa  over  the  air  activation:  in  this  case,  the  device  already  contains  the  information  necessary  to  join  the  network  and  it  is  only  necessary  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement register  its  deveui  and  appkey  in  the  server.  in  each  association  request  the  device  sends  the  deveui  and  appeui  identifiers.  the  server  generates  the  appskey,  nwkskey  keys  and  sends  them  to  the  client  next  to  the  devaddr  to  be  used  during  the  rest  of  the  communication.  uplink  lorawan  frame  and  fields.  downlink  lorawan  frame  and  fields.  the  network  topology  is  a  star  of  stars.  multiple  devices  can  access  through  the  same  gateway  and  all  the  gateways  are  linked  via  ip  to  the  network  server.  the  gateway  performs  bridge  functions  by  adding  extra  information  such  as  the  level  of  the  received
__label__energymonitoringmanagement signal,  but  no  association  is  required  with  it.  several  gateways  can  receive  and  forward  the  information  of  the  same  object  and  it  is  the  network  server  responsible  for  filtering  duplicates,  authenticating  the  devices  and  selecting  the  most  suitable  gateway  for  the  downlink  .  the  network  architecture  proposed  and  shown  in  combines  a  multiple  access  level  for  the  information  provided  by  the  iot  endpoints.  it  is  feasible  to  collect  data  both  through  the  sigfox  network  with  its  own  established  coverage,  and  through  lorawan  networks  already  established  or  deployed  for  this  purpose,  as  well  as  endpoints  placed  in  locations  without  coverage  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement any  of  the  previous  networks.  in  this  case,  the  link  is  made  via  intermediary  devices  that  facilitate  connectivity  using  lora  technology.  proposed  iot  mixed  architecture.  the  base  stations  deployed  along  a  coverage  area  allow  the  exchange  of  information  with  the  endpoints  via  a  specific  radio  link  for  iot.  they  do  not  perform  any  data  processing,  they  just  perform  the  gateway  function  to  an  ip  network  that  links  them  to  the  network  server  through  the  backhaul.  two  types  are  distinguished,  those  of  the  sigfox  network,  managed  by  the  same  operator  and  our  developed  base  stations  to  provide  lorawan  coverage.  the  network
__label__energymonitoringmanagement server  or  core  network  performs  the  functions  of  device  management  registration,  authentication  and  management  of  data  traffic.  depending  on  the  quality  of  the  link,  it  can  ask  the  devices  for  readjustments  in  the  speed  transmission  and  bandwidth.  regarding  the  received  frames,  it  verifies  its  integrity  and  discards  duplicates.  it  is  also  responsible  for  the  management  of  gateways,  maintaining  a  database  with  those  registered  in  the  network  and  selecting  the  most  appropriate  to  transmit  the  download  information  according  the  received  signal  level.  in  this  mixed  architecture,  this  means  that  two  network  servers  coexist.  the  first  of  them  manages  the  traffic  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  lorawan  base  stations.  the  second,  integrated  in  sigfox,  manages  sigfox  base  stations  and  provides  the  received  payload  from  endpoints.  finally,  all  data  are  forwarded  to  the  iot  saas  through  the  broadband  link.  the  iot  saas  software  as  a  service  carries  out  the  management  of  the  database  that  contains  the  messages  received  from  all  the  connected  objects.  it  uses  big  data  techniques  and  it  can  also  be  equipped  with  business  intelligence  techniques  for  the  processing  of  such  data.  in  addition,  it  contains  the  necessary  backend  programming  so  that  users  can  access  information  by  both  desktop  and  mobile  devices  in  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement friendly  way.  some  hardware  devices  have  been  developed  and  built  in  order  to  meet  the  needs  experienced  in  the  deployment  of  the  network  and  that  were  not  covered  by  other  commercially  available  products.  also  working  with  opensoftware  and  openhardware  provides  freedom  to  implement  the  required  functionality  and  expand  it  in  the  future.  hardware  developments  are  a  residential  water  meter  data  acquisition  device,  a  link  device  for  shadow  areas  and  a  lorawan  base  station.  the  device  described  here  is  intended  to  collect  data  from  residential  water  meters  and  send  them  to  an  information  infrastructure  over  a  specific  iot  radio  link.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement water  consumption  data  is  acquired  in  the  form  of  electrical  impulses  whose  frequency  depends  of  the  current  flow  and  is  generated  either  by  the  meter  itself  if  it  is  remote  metering  ready,  or  adding  to  the  meter  a  module  which  detects  the  needle  movement  and  generates  the  impulses.  unlike  other  commercially  available  solutions,  this  unit  is  also  capable  of  performing  remote  control  on  an  external  electrical  device  through  a  potentialfree  output.  an  application  example  could  be  acting  on  a  solenoid  valve  and  in  this  way  take  control  over  the  subscribers  water  supply  service.  to  receive  the  remote  control  command  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement iot  downlink  is  used  and  once  the  new  condition  is  established,  no  additional  energy  supply  is  required  to  hold  that  state.  iot  connectivity  capabilities  are  multiple  and  links  can  be  established  to  the  sigfox  network,  any  available  lorawan  network,  or  to  the  own  gateway  device  described  in  point  4.3  using  lora  modulation  and  enabling  connectivity  in  shadowed  areas  without  direct  link  to  the  aforementioned  networks.  the  data  frame  sent  to  the  iot  network  has  a  specific  format  defined  for  this  application  and  shown  in  .  the  first  field  named  frame  type  conditions  the  rest  of  the  frame  both  in  length
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  in  all  other  defined  fields.  in  this  way,  and  although  a  particular  frame  type  for  this  application  is  described  below,  it  is  easily  adaptable  to  other  cases  and  ready  to  future  improvements  only  setting  a  new  frame  type.  the  maximum  frame  length  will  depend  on  the  used  network,  being  currently  sigfox  the  most  restrictive  with  a  maximum  uplink  payload  of  12  bytes.  the  next  field  is  the  accumulated  consumption  value.  due  a  typical  residential  water  meter  shows  the  accumulated  value  in  8  number  wheels  and  therefore  a  range  from  0  to  99999999  litres,  the  field  size  has  been  set
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  4  bytes  32  bits  which  means  it  is  able  to  represent  unsigned  values  from  0  to  4.294.967.296,  enough  for  this  case.  following,  a  device  identification  byte  is  present  to  distinguish  between  256  units  using  the  same  gateway  described  below  in  .  the  status  field  is  a  byte  containing  an  error  code  for  remote  fault  diagnosis.  at  the  end,  the  battery  field  carries  the  power  level  of  the  battery.  in  the  example  shown  in  ,  the  device  number  5  sends  a  water  consumption  value  of  471  litres  without  error  and  with  a  remaining  battery  power  of  88.  uplink  frame  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement fields  description.  optionally,  and  using  the  downlink  from  network  to  device,  a  frame  with  the  format  shown  in  can  be  received.  it  contains  the  new  output  value  for  remote  control,  data  delivery  interval  and  current  date  and  time  to  update  the  internal  rtc  real  time  clock.  the  first  frame  field  named  frame  type  determines  the  other  fields  in  the  frame.  for  this  particular  application,  the  frame  shown  in  has  been  set  up,  but  it  can  be  adapted  to  other  cases  setting  a  new  frame  type.  the  maximum  frame  length  will  depend  on  the  used  network,  being  currently  sigfox  the  most
__label__energymonitoringmanagement restrictive  with  a  maximum  downlink  payload  of  8  bytes.  in  this  application,  the  device  output  is  digital  and  can  be  set  to  two  possible  states:  activated  or  deactivated,  but  the  output  field  has  been  defined  as  a  byte  values  from  0  to  255  in  order  to  enable  controlling  analog  loads  using  pwm  pulse  width  modulation.  for  instance,  a  solenoid  valve  capable  to  adjust  its  aperture  to  deliver  the  fluid  at  different  flow  rates.  in  the  example  shown  in  ,  the  output  is  deactivated,  the  delivery  interval  is  set  to  7  min  and  the  current  time  is  supplied.  downlink  frame  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement fields  description.  the  device  showed  in  has  been  developed,  and  includes  an  electronics  circuit  board  where  are  embedded  the  microcontroller  and  communications  module,  discrete  electronic  components  to  acquire  the  impulse  signal  generated  by  the  watermeter  and  the  voltage  level  of  battery,  jointly  with  a  bistable  relay  to  control  external  loads.  the  assembly  is  available  in  a  plastic  housing  of  abs  material  with  ip54  protection  and  threaded  industrial  connectors  for  the  meter  and  the  solenoid  valve.  no  external  antenna  or  charging  port  are  necessary.  data  acquisition  device  with  iot  connectivity:  external  view;  internal  view.  electronic  design  is  based  on  the  pycom
__label__energymonitoringmanagement lopi4  module  for  iot  solutions.  the  pycom  module  includes  the  espressif  esp32  chipset  as  main  processor  running  a  micropython  interpreter.  this  offers  a  combination  of  power,  friendliness  and  flexibility.  it  also  includes  multiple  ways  of  connectivity:  wifi,  bluetooth  le,  sigfox,  lora/lorawan  and  fsk.  wifi  and  bluetooth  2.4  ghz  antenna  is  integrated  in  the  module  but  it  requires  an  additional  one  for  the  868  mhz  band  in  order  to  use  sigfox/lora  capabilities.  due  to  this,  it  has  been  glued  inside  the  box  an  868  mhz  flexible  antenna  with  small  dimensions  and  ufl  connector  suitable  for  the  lopi4  module.  high  frequency  noise
__label__energymonitoringmanagement filtering  is  applied  to  the  signal  coming  from  the  watermeter.  an  i/o  port  of  the  microcontroller  is  used  to  acquire  it,  which  has  been  configured  as  digital  input  and  has  been  activated  the  capability  of  generate  an  interruption  to  wake  up  the  processor  from  the  low  power  consumption  mode.  in  this  prototype,  power  is  supplied  by  an  included  rechargeable  ionlithium  battery,  but  due  to  the  low  consumption  characteristics  of  the  circuit,  it  is  not  needed  to  recharge  it  in  several  years,  so  it  could  be  used  a  primary  nonrechargeable  lithium  thionyl  chloride  battery  as  an  improvement  making  the  cost  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  product  even  cheaper.  battery  voltage  range  3.44.2  v  is  directly  compatible  with  the  input  power  range  in  the  pycom  lopy4  3.45.5  v,  avoiding  the  need  for  additional  components.  to  increase  load  control  flexibility,  a  potential  free  output  has  been  used,  operated  by  a  relay  able  to  manage  220  vac  loads.  to  accomplish  the  large  autonomy  requirement  desirable  in  any  iot  device  operated  on  battery,  a  dual  coil  bistable  relay  has  been  adopted.  this  relay  is  energized  during  30  ms  to  open  or  close  contacts  and  is  able  to  remains  in  the  last  condition  without  continuous  energy  consumption.  as  relay
__label__energymonitoringmanagement coils  require  higher  current  to  the  one  supplied  by  the  microcontroller,  outputs  current  drivers  have  been  added.  although  the  chosen  relay  is  a  3way  type,  in  this  application  relay  contacts  are  used  as  a  simple  switch  to  open  or  close  an  external  electrical  circuit  connected  to  the  solenoid  valve.  in  is  showed  a  block  diagram  with  all  the  elements  of  the  design  described  here.  block  diagram  of  the  data  acquisition  device.  device  operation,  as  shown  in  the  flowchart  in  ,  starts  in  a  low  power  state  until  meter  activity  is  detected.  then  water  consumption  value  stored  in  nonvolatile  memory  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement updated  and  low  power  mode  is  set  again.  if  user  defined  data  delivery  interval  is  reached,  the  frame  with  the  information  to  be  sent  is  generated,  radio  hardware  is  initialized  and  it  proceeds  to  the  transmission.  in  the  sigfox  network  case,  the  maximum  allowed  uplink  and  downlink  messages  per  day  are  taken  into  account,  so  a  downlink  to  receive  new  device  configuration  is  only  requested  once  a  day.  if  output  status  change  or  other  configuration  data  are  received,  they  are  executed  and  power  mode  is  set  again.  both  the  way  of  operation  and  the  selection  of  hardware  components  allow  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  autonomy  of  2  years  minimum  with  the  internal  battery.  autonomy  variation  will  depend  fundamentally  on  the  configured  delivery  interval,  since  it  is  the  transmission  process  the  one  that  consumes  most  of  the  energy.  flowchart  of  embedded  software  in  watermeter  device.  embedded  software  has  been  structured  in  layers  so  it  is  scalable  and  easily  adaptable  to  different  types  of  input  signal  and  multiple  iot  radio  technologies.  as  can  be  seen  in  ,  all  the  specific  code  to  the  sigfox  radio  in  this  case,  is  encapsulated  in  the  lower  layer,  so  only  replacing  this  one,  the  software  can  be  easily  adapted.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  the  same  hardware,  several  versions  of  the  embedded  software  have  been  developed  enabling  connectivity  to  sigfox,  lorawan  and  lora  according  to  the  customers  needs.  there  is  plenty  of  room  in  the  microcontroller  program  memory  to  implement  a  multiprotocol  version  without  hardware  changes.  embedded  software  functions  diagram  by  level.  the  device  described  here  and  shown  in  ,  allows  solving  link  faults  detected  in  some  locations  without  sigfox  network  coverage.  installed  in  an  intermediate  location  with  suitable  sigfox  network  coverage  and  with  a  point  to  point  lora  link  to  the  meter  devices,  it  is  able  to  send  to  the  network  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement data  from  multiple  meters.  in  addition  to  enabling  the  link,  there  is  a  saving  in  the  number  of  network  access  licenses,  since  only  the  bridge  device  needs  one.  in  the  link  to  the  meters,  lora  is  used  in  physical  layer  due  it  is  an  iot  radio  technology  that  allows  long  range  and  immunity  to  interference  without  sacrificing  consumption.  in  addition,  the  link  is  possible  in  both  868  mhz  and  434  mhz  ism  bands.  gateway  device  to  enable  link  in  locations  without  sigfox  network  coverage:  external  view;  antenna  connectors;  internal  view.  as  can  be  seen  in  the  flowchart  of  ,  device
__label__energymonitoringmanagement operation  has  a  waiting  state  until  a  watermeter  data  frame  is  received  by  the  lora  radio  module.  if  a  frame  is  received  and  its  format  is  validated,  it  is  stored  in  a  pool  in  nonvolatile  memory  to  be  sent  later  to  the  sigfox  network  at  the  delivery  interval  established.  flowchart  of  gateway  embedded  software.  this  gateway  device  is  compatible  with  the  meter  device  frame  format  already  described  in  the  previous  .  shows  the  full  operation  diagram  of  both  the  counter  and  the  gateway.  there  are  two  possible  cases.  in  the  first  one,  corresponding  to  a  type  1  frame,  the  consumption
__label__energymonitoringmanagement data  is  sent  from  meter  to  the  gateway  using  the  point  to  point  lora  radio  link  and  new  configuration  parameters  are  requested.  upon  receiving  a  frame  of  this  type,  the  gateway  forwards  the  data  to  the  sigfox  network  requesting  a  downlink  answer.  this  message  will  contain  the  configuration  parameters  that  the  user  has  previously  established  and  it  will  be  forwarded  to  the  meter  device  via  lora.  the  meter  device  will  update  operation  parameters  described  in  .  in  the  second  case,  corresponding  to  a  type  2  frame,  the  counter  device  only  sends  the  consumption  data  without  waiting  for  a  response.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement gateway  forwards  this  data  to  the  sigfox  network  without  requesting  a  downlink  message.  operation  diagram  using  the  gateway.  the  device  consists  of  a  waspmote  motherboard  where  are  located  the  microcontroller,  the  nonvolatile  memory,  a  realtime  clock  rtc,  voltage  regulator  and  battery  charge  controller.  these  main  board  servers  are  a  physical  support  and  electrical  interconnection  for  two  communication  modules,  the  first  of  them  complies  with  lora  radio  specification  and  the  second  one  with  sigfox  radio  and  link  layer  protocol  specification.  both  radio  modules  include  antenna  connector,  so  using  coaxial  cable  this  signal  has  been  feed  to  sma  type  connectors  placed  outside
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  box  enabling  three  external  antennas  to  increase  the  link  range,  one  of  them  for  sigfox  in  868  mhz  band  and  two  for  lora  in  868  and  434  mhz  bands.  usb  port  of  the  main  board  is  also  available  outside  the  box  using  an  industrial  type  connector.  in  this  way,  the  device  can  be  powered,  recharge  the  internal  battery  or  perform  firmware  updates.  the  builtin  6600  mah  ionlithium  battery  allows  maintaining  the  operation  in  case  of  lack  of  external  power  supply.  it  is  also  possible  to  perform  autonomous  operation  without  external  power  supply  connecting  a  solar  panel  with  voltage  range
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  612  v  and  minimum  current  of  280  ma.  builtin  battery  will  be  charged  using  the  power  supplied  by  the  solar  panel.  all  the  elements  that  are  part  of  this  design  are  shown  in  the  block  diagram  of  .  the  set  is  protected  by  a  box  made  of  abs  plastic  with  ip54  protection  degree  and  antennas  and  power  supply  connectors  located  on  the  sides.  gateway  block  diagram.  the  purpose  of  the  device  described  here  is  to  act  as  gateway  between  lorawan  in  868  mhz  ism  radio  band  and  a  wired  or  wireless  2.4  ghz  ip  network.  lorawan  is  used  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  final  iot  devices  and  in  the  ip  network  are  located  the  lorawan  network  server  responsible  for  managing  the  communication  with  devices  and  the  application  server  responsible  for  managing  the  information  received  from  devices.  both  the  typical  architecture  of  a  lorawan  network  and  the  situation  in  it  of  the  base  station  can  be  seen  in  .  lorawan  network  architecture.  the  cost  is  lower  than  other  commercial  solutions  with  the  same  functionality.  as  an  estimation,  a  commercial  product  such  as  multiconnect  conduit  ip67  from  multitech  has  a  market  price  around  1400  july  2018.  the  proposed  solution  costs  396.  although  it  does
__label__energymonitoringmanagement not  have  all  the  functionalities  of  the  commercial  product,  it  presents  enough  to  cover  the  needs  of  work  in  the  case  studies  analysed,  which  makes  it  a  competitive  product  compared  to  the  previous  one.  in  addition,  it  has  the  advantage  of  using  opensource  software  that  can  be  improved  and  customized  without  relying  on  third  parties.  unlike  other  lowcost  solutions,  it  does  not  perform  a  lora  pointtopoint  link  with  a  single  device  simultaneously,  but  is  fully  compatible  with  the  lorawan  specification  and  thus  with  the  possibility  of  receiving  several  frequencies  simultaneously,  linking  several  devices  at  the  same  time  and  taking  advantage
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  extended  capabilities  such  as  the  adaptive  bit  rate  to  achieve  optimal  link  quality  in  each  case.  power  is  supplied  using  poe  power  over  ethernet  to  avoid  additional  wiring  and  the  whole  has  been  assembled  in  a  ip67  box  with  external  antennas  and  pole  mounting  bracket.  the  main  controller  is  based  on  raspberry  pi  in  order  to  reduce  costs  and  use  openhardware.  for  the  lorawan  connectivity,  the  imst  ic880a  board  is  used,  which  includes  a  lorawan  sx1301  concentrator  and  a  double  sx1257  radio  capable  of  handling  up  to  8  simultaneous  125  khz  channels.  due  the  ic880a  board  does  not  have
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  proper  format  to  be  directly  connected  to  raspberry  pi,  it  has  been  necessary  to  insert  a  connection  adapter  card,  allowing  communication  between  them  via  the  spi  bus.  about  software,  the  packages  loragateway  and  packetforwarder  have  been  used  on  raspbian  os  and  they  have  been  configured  with  the  ip  address  of  the  available  lorawan  network  server.  this  hardware  and  software  configuration  facilitates  scalability  according  to  the  needs  of  each  application  case,  assuming  an  advantage  over  closed  commercial  solutions.  the  prototype  shown  in  could  evolve  to  a  single  card  format  containing  both  the  lorawan  radio  and  concentrator  chips,  and  the  processor
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  communications  chipset  used  in  the  raspberry  pi  board.  furthermore,  in  b  you  can  see  an  additional  external  antenna  with  the  idea  of  expanding  the  base  station  with  a  sigfox  radio  module  that  would  be  connected  to  the  uart  universal  asynchronous  receiver  transmitter  port  of  raspberry  pi.  lorawan  base  station:  external  view;  internal  view.  the  validation  of  the  developed  system  has  been  carried  out  in  two  different  phases.  a  first  phase  has  been  performed  at  the  laboratory  level  using  a  mockup  of  the  system  model  a,  which  consists  of  a  closed  water  circuit,  an  electric  pump,  a  residential  watermeter  similar
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  that  used  by  the  distribution  company  and  an  electronicpulse  generator  device  as  shown  in  c,  which  is  attached  to  the  watermeter,  whose  output  is  connected  to  the  input  connector  of  the  acquisition  device  described  in  .  testing  system:  mockup  of  the  system  model  consisting  of:  closed  water  circuit,  electric  pump,  residential  watermeter  and  electronic  pulse  generator;  set  of  hardware  devices  developed  for  remote  monitoring,  lorasigfox  gateway  and  test  console  containing:  watermeter  emulator,  switching  device  between  real  water  meter  or  emulator,  electronic  pulse  generator  and  commercial  iot  teleoperated  products.  electronic  pulse  generator  device  attached  to  a  company  watermeter  placed  at
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  front  wall  of  a  residential  house.  b  shows  the  final  versions  of  each  of  the  different  devices  developed  and  described  in  the  previous  sections  that  have  been  tested  during  this  laboratory  phase.  the  main  goal  of  this  testing  phase  was  to  verify  that  all  the  hardware  worked  properly,  that  all  the  electrical  pulses  coming  from  the  watermeter  were  acquired  rightly  and  that  all  the  necessary  information  was  transmitted  without  losses  by  the  network  in  an  appropriate  way,  in  order  to  assure  that  all  developed  devices  presented  an  appropriate  behaviour,  at  both  hardware  and  software  level,  and  they  could  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement considered  fully  operational  final  prototypes.  once  the  testing  phase  has  been  passed,  a  second  phase  was  implemented,  consisting  of  the  development  of  a  case  study  under  real  operating  conditions.  for  this  purpose,  it  was  made  an  application  to  a  commercial  water  distribution  company  of  a  set  of  data  remotely  acquired  from  several  of  its  watermeters.  the  remote  acquisition  system  used  by  the  company  is  based  on  a  169  mhz  radio  link  communication  within  the  ism  band.  the  reception  antenna  is  located  on  the  roof  of  a  building  that  the  company  has  in  the  city  of  cartagena.  the  acquisition  system  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement configured  in  such  way  it  captures  and  transmits  a  measurement  every  hour,  so  the  full  monitoring  process  of  a  day  would  involve  the  acquisition  and  transmission  of  24  samples.  the  company  supplied  the  measurements  acquired  during  a  100day  period,  coming  from  a  set  of  78  watermeters  located  in  different  areas  of  the  city  chosen  randomly.  summarizes  the  data  gathered  by  these  watermeters.  being  samples  acquired  over  100  days,  a  total  amount  of  2400  samples  should  theoretically  have  been  received  from  each  watermeter  100  days  24  samples/day.  however,  as  shown  in  ,  this  has  not  happened  for  all  the  watermeters,  which
__label__energymonitoringmanagement implies  that  there  are  problems  associated  with  the  datatransmission  process.  using  statistical  quartiles  q1  25  and  q3  75,  the  range  of  received  samples  has  been  divided  into  three  different  zones.  all  those  watermeter  from  which  have  been  received  an  amount  of  measurements  less  than  25  of  the  expected  quantity  during  the  considered  monitoring  period  have  been  classified  as  alarming  marked  in  red  in  the  figure.  those  watermeters  from  which  have  been  received  an  amount  of  measurements  between  the  25  and  75  of  the  expected  quantity,  have  been  classified  as  critical  marked  in  yellow  in  the  figure.  finally,  those  watermeters  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement which  an  amount  of  received  measures  is  greater  than  75  of  the  expected  amount,  have  been  considered  as  acceptable  marked  in  green.  number  of  samples  received  via  radio  169  mhz  ism  band  from  78  counters  randomly  selected  from  different  areas  of  the  city.  an  ulterior  analysis  of  the  location  of  the  watermeters,  showed  that  samples  received  from  those  below  the  quartile  25  come  mostly  from  devices  placed  in  basements  of  buildings,  which  suggests  that  the  missingvalues  are  mainly  associated  with  the  fact  that  the  radio  signal  has  not  enough  power  to  pass  through  the  structure  of  the  building.  samples  from
__label__energymonitoringmanagement watermeters  between  the  quartiles  of  25  and  75  present  a  greater  diversity  associated  with  their  origin.  some  are  located  in  basements,  with  perhaps  better  radio  coverage  and  others  are  located  on  ground  floors  or  entrances  to  residential  homes  in  the  open,  suggesting  that  they  may  be  located  in  shadowed  reception  areas  due  to  the  fact  that  they  are  in  an  urban  environment  in  which  radio  coverage  can  present  a  certain  variability.  it  is  important  to  highlight  that  the  company  carries  out  a  periodic  campaign  in  which  qualified  personnel  write  down  in  situ  the  consumption  data  indicated  by  the  watermeter.  therefore,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement so  for  billing  purposes  this  loss  of  samples  does  not  influence  the  generation  of  the  invoice  for  the  customer  and  has  no  economic  impact  in  what  is  charged  as  a  service  by  the  distribution  company.  however,  these  data  losses  do  influence  the  strategic  and  operational  areas  of  the  company,  not  only  because  it  implies  that  it  is  necessary  to  maintain  a  person  dedicated  to  a  manual  inspection,  but  it  also  makes  impossible  to  estimate  the  consumption  habits  of  some  users.  this  could  be  possible  with  no  transmission  losses  due  to  the  fact  that  although  the  current  watermeters  are  configured  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement send  a  sample  every  hour,  the  sampling  time  could  be  reduced  up  to  15  min.  a  case  study  has  been  designed  in  which  5  buildings  have  been  selected  from  the  set  with  watermeters  with  a  sample  reception  rate  less  than  25,  3  buildings  with  watermeters  located  in  critical  areas  2575  and  3  buildings  located  in  the  acceptable  zones.  in  these  buildings,  in  parallel  with  the  current  company  watermeter  based  on  the  169  mhz  ism  band,  a  prototype  of  each  class  sigfox,  lorawan  and  lorasigfox  gateway  has  been  placed.  the  lorasigfox  gateway  device  has  been  placed  at  the  light  yard  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  buildings.  a  total  amount  of  33  acquisition  prototypes  have  been  deployed:  11  sigfox,  11  lorawan  and  11  lorasigfox  gateway.  in  parallel,  a  169  mhz  ismbased  monitoring  device  has  been  left  in  order  to  compare  transmission  data  rates  coming  from  those  currently  used  by  the  company  with  the  transmission  rates  associated  with  each  developed  prototype.  the  results  after  10  consecutive  monitoring  days  are  described  below.  shows  a  graph  with  the  samples  received  during  a  period  of  10  days  which  theoretically  it  should  be  equivalent  to  an  amount  of  240  received  samples  by  each  of  the  different  acquisition  devices  placed  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement one  of  the  buildings  associated  with  one  of  the  socalled  alarming  watermeters  q1  25.  this  water  meter  is  located  in  the  basement  of  a  residential  building.  the  x  axis  indicates  the  number  of  the  sample  associated  with  the  time  at  which  it  was  acquired  values  between  1  and  240  for  the  10day  evaluation  period  with  a  sampling  time  of  one  hour  and  the  y  axis  indicates  the  value  litres  measured  by  the  water  meter  and  transmitted  by  the  acquisition  device.  number  of  samples  received  in  the  case  of  a  building  in  which  the  reception  rate  is  below  the  q1  quartile
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 25.  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band,  56  samples  were  received  23.3.  reception  rate  with  the  sigfox  prototype  of  55.8  reception  rate  with  the  lorawan  device  of  88.8  reception  rate  with  the  lorasigfox  gateway  device  of  100.  this  figure  shows  that  according  to  the  critical  classification  previously  indicated,  the  samples  received  with  the  device  operating  at  the  169  mhz  ism  band,  instead  of  the  expected  240,  is  only  56,  which  means  a  reception  rate  of  25.  with  the  sigfox  prototype,  an  improvement  in  the  reception  rate  is  achieved,  reaching  the  134  samples  received  55.8.  the  lorawan  prototype  receives  213  samples
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 88.8  during  the  period.  the  lorawan  base  station  is  located  closer  to  the  watermeter  placement  than  the  sigfox  station,  whose  location  is  determined  by  the  official  network  operator  for  the  city  of  cartagena.  the  results  obtained  for  this  deployment  seems  to  indicate  that  the  problem  associated  with  reception  is  due  to  the  fact  that  the  signal  presents  a  strong  attenuation  and  it  is  difficult  to  reach  the  physical  location  of  the  watermeter.  d  shows  that  the  solution  with  a  lorasigfox  gateway  prototype  allows  to  obtain  a  signal  power  that  allows  penetrating  and  reaching  the  basement  of  the  building,  achieving  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reception  rate  of  100.  summarizes  the  results  of  the  study  case  for  each  of  the  different  buildings  with  acquiring  devices  attached  to  watermeters  placed  on  locations  where  reception  rate  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band  was  less  than  25.  according  to  the  received  data,  it  is  confirmed  that  the  169  mhz  ism  band  continues  to  present  data  losses  in  the  reception.  solutions  based  on  sigfox  and  lorawan  improve  reception.  the  lorawan  prototype,  with  a  base  station  placed  closer  to  the  watermeter  than  sigfox,  presents  a  higher  reception  rate,  which  seems  to  reinforce  the  idea  that  the  losses  are  due  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  fact  that  the  radio  signal  is  not  able  to  reach  the  location  of  the  watermeter.  finally,  in  the  lorasigfox  gateway  solution  it  is  possible  to  achieve  a  100  reception.  consequently,  for  watermeters  located  in  this  range  where  reception  is  less  than  25,  the  lorasigfox  gateway  solution  seems  to  be  the  most  suitable  if  you  want  to  achieve  a  reception  rate  of  100.  reception  rates  over  a  period  of  10  days  240  samples  with  each  of  the  different  systems  tested  in  a  watermeter  with  a  percentage  of  received  samples  ranged  lower  than  25  over  expected  in  the  169  mhz  ism
__label__energymonitoringmanagement band.  shows  a  graph  with  the  samples  received  during  the  same  period  of  10  days  240  samples  by  each  of  the  different  acquisition  devices  placed  in  one  of  the  buildings  associated  with  one  of  the  socalled  critical  watermeters  reception  rate  within  2575.  this  water  meter  is  located  in  the  basement  of  a  residential  building.  the  x  axis  indicates  the  number  of  the  sample  associated  with  the  time  at  which  it  was  acquired  values  between  1  and  240  for  the  10day  evaluation  period  with  a  sampling  time  of  one  hour  and  the  y  axis  indicates  the  value  litres  measured  by  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement water  meter  and  transmitted  by  the  acquisition  device.  number  of  samples  received  in  the  case  of  a  building  in  which  the  reception  rate  is  ranged  within  2575.  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band,  121  samples  were  received  50.4.  reception  rate  with  the  sigfox  prototype  of  90.8  reception  rate  with  the  lorawan  device  of  100  reception  rate  with  the  lorasigfox  gateway  device  of  100.  this  figure  shows  that  the  samples  received  with  the  device  operating  at  the  169  mhz  ism  band,  instead  of  the  expected  240,  is  now  121,  which  means  a  reception  rate  of  50.4.  with  the  sigfox  prototype,  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement improvement  in  the  reception  rate  is  achieved,  reaching  the  218  samples  received  90.8.  in  this  case,  both  the  prototype  based  on  lorawan  and  the  prototype  lorasigfox  gateway  presents  a  signal  strength  that  allows  penetrating  and  reaching  the  basement  of  the  building,  achieving  a  reception  rate  of  100.  in  this  case,  it  seems  that  since  the  lorawan  base  station  is  closer  to  the  watermeter  than  the  sigfox,  the  lorawan  coverage  ensures  an  adequate  reception  rate.  summarizes  the  results  of  the  study  case  for  each  of  the  different  buildings  with  acquiring  devices  attached  to  watermeters  placed  on  locations  where  reception  rate  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  169  mhz  ism  band  was  ranged  within  2575.  it  can  be  noted  that  sigfox  improves  the  reception  rate,  reaching  in  some  cases  a  reception  rate  of  100.  however,  it  is  the  solutions  based  on  lorawan  and  lorasigfox  gateway  that  ones  that  achieve  a  reception  rate  of  100  in  every  analyzed  building.  in  the  case  of  lorawan,  possibly  the  main  reason  is  due  to  the  fact  that  its  base  station  is  placed  closer  to  the  watermeter  than  the  sigfox,  which  current  location  is  determined  the  operator  of  the  area.  reception  rates  over  a  period  of  10  days  240  samples  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement each  of  the  different  systems  tested  in  a  watermeter  with  a  percentage  of  received  samples  ranged  within  2575  over  expected  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band.  shows  a  graph  with  the  samples  received  during  the  same  period  of  10  days  240  samples  by  each  of  the  different  acquisition  devices  placed  in  one  of  the  buildings  associated  with  one  of  the  socalled  acceptable  watermeters  reception  rate  higher  than  75.  this  watermeter  is  located  in  the  entrance  box  to  a  residential  house  chalet,  similar  to  the  one  showed  in  c.  the  x  axis  indicates  the  number  of  the  sample  associated  with  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement time  at  which  it  was  acquired  values  between  1  and  240  for  the  10day  evaluation  period  with  a  sampling  time  of  one  hour  and  the  y  axis  indicates  the  value  litres  measured  by  the  water  meter  and  transmitted  by  the  acquisition  device.  number  of  samples  received  in  the  case  of  a  building  in  which  a  reception  rate  higher  than  75.  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band,  217  samples  were  received  90.4.  reception  rate  with  the  sigfox  prototype  of  100.  reception  rate  with  the  lorawan  device  of  100.  reception  rate  with  the  lorasigfox  gateway  device  of  100.  this  figure  shows  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  samples  received  with  the  device  operating  at  the  169  mhz  ism  band,  instead  of  the  expected  240,  is  now  217,  which  means  a  reception  rate  of  90.4.  in  this  case,  the  three  tested  prototypes  achieve  a  100  receptionrate.  summarizes  the  results  of  the  study  case  for  each  of  the  different  buildings  with  acquiring  devices  attached  to  watermeters  placed  on  locations  where  reception  rate  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band  is  higher  than  75.  as  said  before,  the  three  tested  prototypes  achieve  a  100  receptionrate,  which  clearly  confirms  that  if  there  are  no  shadow  zones  in  coverage,  the  iot  technologies
__label__energymonitoringmanagement improve  the  performance  of  classic  solutions  such  as  the  169  mhz  ism  band  used  by  the  water  distributor.  reception  rates  over  a  period  of  10  days  240  samples  with  each  of  the  different  systems  tested  in  a  watermeter  with  a  percentage  of  received  samples  ranged  higher  than  75  over  expected  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band.  to  check  system  performance  and  ensure  load  capacity,  the  whole  set  has  been  subjected  to  stress  testing  above  the  common  operating  conditions.  instead  of  sending  data  once  an  hour,  all  the  devices  have  been  configured  to  send  data  every  10  min,  the  minimum  allowed
__label__energymonitoringmanagement interval  due  to  duty  cycle  regulation  in  the  868  ism  band.  in  a  period  of  72  h,  it  supposes  432  frames  per  device  and  a  total  of  14256  frames,  equivalent  to  99  days  sending  data  once  an  hour.  it  allows  check  hardware  devices  reliability  and  system  behaviour  in  a  longer  operational  period.  reception  rates  can  be  seen  in  ,  very  close  to  those  obtained  in  the  10  days  period  study  case.  reception  rates  over  a  period  of  72  h  sending  data  every  10  min  14256  frames.  increasing  the  number  of  devices  and  so  on  the  network  load,  is  not  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement problem  for  sigfox  and  lorawan  technologies  due  are  able  to  manage  10  and  10  devices  per  base  station  respectively.  about  our  own  lorasigfox  gateway,  the  number  of  end  devices  using  a  single  unit  in  a  real  scenario  is  estimated  to  be  no  more  than  10,  so  11  of  them  where  used  in  the  testing  environment  with  success  of  0  data  loss.  nevertheless,  a  stress  test  was  conducted  in  laboratory  simulating  150  different  devices  sending  data  through  the  same  gateway.  a  special  firmware  loaded  in  three  meter  data  acquisition  devices  allowed  to  send  frames  at  random  intervals  with  different  device  identifiers
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  24  h.  the  result  was  a  99.1  success  rate  probably  due  to  frame  collisions  or  rf  noise.  because  the  water  consumption  data  sent  is  accumulative,  a  0.9  frame  loss  is  acceptable  in  this  application.  furthermore,  in  order  to  check  reliability  and  autonomy  of  the  meter  acquisition  device,  it  has  been  configured  to  send  data  continuously  every  10  min.  battery  voltage  evolution  and  consequently  state  of  charge  can  be  seen  in  .  sending  144  frames  every  day,  the  daily  voltage  drop  is  0.73  v  and  it  reach  the  minimum  device  operational  voltage  in  day  29.  it  allows  us  to  estimate
__label__energymonitoringmanagement autonomy  of  9  years  sending  1  frame  every  day.  battery  voltage  evolution.  this  article  has  been  focused  on  the  design  and  implementation  of  a  mixed  iot  lpwan  network  architecture  with  application  for  remote  monitoring  in  urban  environments,  where  shadowed  areas  associated  radio  coverage  can  arise.  lpwan  is  described  as  a  promising  technology  that  allows  deployment  of  wide  area  and  low  power  networks  specific  to  iot.  in  particular,  the  approach  has  been  to  concentrate  on  sigfox  and  lora  technologies  because  they  allow  the  deployment  of  a  large  number  of  connected  objects  at  a  low  infrastructure  costs.  they  offer  longrange  connectivity  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement cheap,  batteryoperated  devices,  which  require  the  transmission  of  small  amounts  of  data  at  regular  intervals  of  time  over  a  long  lifespan.  a  set  of  mixed  iot  lpwan  enddevices  has  been  developed.  its  design  has  been  oriented  to  acquire  watermeter  consumption  measurements.  a  mixed  network  architecture  dedicated  to  ensure  all  acquired  samples  are  transmitted  and  successfully  received  at  the  remote  information  system  has  been  proposed  too.  a  specific  lorasigfox  gateway  device  has  been  designed  and  included  in  the  proposed  network.  this  device  is  capable  of  take  advantage  of  the  lora  basis  in  order  to  have  a  strong  signal  capable  of  connect
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  an  enddevice  located  at  places  with  bad  coverage,  and  then  transform  the  data  in  order  to  send  it  and  connect  in  a  transparent  way  with  a  sigfox  network,  already  deployed  by  an  existing  network  operator  that  finally  transmits  data  towards  the  final  reception  systems.  a  study  case  of  a  system  architecture  connected  to  a  set  of  11  different  buildings  located  at  places  with  different  coverage  levels  has  been  performed.  from  the  results  obtained  in  this  deployment  it  is  possible  to  conclude  that:  in  locations  where  the  coverage  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band  has  a  reception  rate  lower  than
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 25,  it  seems  that  a  solution  like  the  one  described  in  the  lorasigfox  gateway  prototype  allows  an  optimal  reception  rate  100  to  be  ensured.  the  sigfox  or  lorawan  technologies  improve  reception,  but  do  not  achieve  100  reception  rate,  probably  due  to  losses  in  signal  strength  that  avoids  a  good  penetration  towards  the  location  of  the  watermeters.  in  locations  where  the  reception  rate  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band  is  ranged  within  25  and  75,  the  lorasigfox  and  lorawan  prototypes  offer  the  best  performance.  this  seems  to  indicate  that  communication  with  the  sigfox  station,  whose  location  is  predetermined  by  the  network
__label__energymonitoringmanagement operator  in  the  area,  sometimes  does  not  have  enough  power  to  penetrate  to  the  location  of  the  watermeter.  therefore,  it  would  be  necessary  to  evaluate  one  of  the  following  alternative  solutions:  1  placing  a  private  owned  by  the  water  distribution  company  lorawan  base  station  on  a  buildings  roof  within  the  radius  of  action  of  the  watermeters  and  then  place  a  lorawan  acquisition  device  attached  to  in  each  water  meter,  or  2  a  solution  based  on  two  devices,  a  lorasigfox  gateway  acquisition  device  plus  the  gateway  itself  placed  at  the  light  yard  of  the  house,  which  transmits  the  signal  to  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement area  where  there  is  suitable  sigfox  connectivity  and  can  communicate  with  the  local  network  operator  station.  in  areas  where  the  reception  rate  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band  is  greater  than  75,  the  three  prototypes  allow  reaching  a  100  reception  rate.  in  this  case,  the  most  suitable  solution  seems  to  be  the  solution  based  on  the  sigfox  prototype,  since  it  would  not  be  necessary  to  deploy  any  additional  base  station,  as  is  required  by  the  solution  based  on  the  lorawan  prototype,  and  only  one  device  is  necessary,  instead  of  the  two  devices  end  device  gateway  associated  with  the  solution  based
__label__energymonitoringmanagement on  the  lorasigfox  gateway  prototype.  an  additional  improvement  over  the  solution  given  by  the  current  device  working  in  the  169  mhz  ism  band  is  that  the  three  prototypes  developed  can  be  configured  to  have  a  sampling  rate  up  to  10  min,  compared  to  the  resolution  limit  of  15  min  offered  now  by  the  ism  solution,  thus  improving  not  only  the  rate  of  reception,  but  also  by  expanding  the  resolution  of  the  sampling.  as  the  proposed  solutions  ensures  an  acquisition  rate  of  100,  it  is  possible  to  avoid  the  need  for  having  qualified  personnel  moving  monthly  to  manually  hand  write  measurements
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  each  watermeter,  being  their  action  only  necessary  in  specific  cases  or  in  periodic  revision  situations  in  order  to  confirm  the  correct  operation  of  the  acquisition  devices.  finally,  it  would  allow  the  distribution  company  to  have  a  greater  number  of  measures  on  which  big  data  techniques  could  be  applied  in  order  to  estimate  the  consumption  habits  of  the  users  and  to  foresee  future  consumption  peaks,  improving  the  strategies  of  maintenance  and  expansion  of  the  distribution  network  of  the  company.  investigation,  j.r.a.,  f.c.c.,  j.s.m.  and  j.y.m.;  supervision,  j.r.a.,  f.c.c.,  j.s.m.  and  j.y.m.;  writingoriginal  draft,  j.r.a.,  f.c.c.,  j.s.m.  and  j.y.m.;  writingreview  editing,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement j.r.a.,  f.c.c.,  j.s.m.  and  j.y.m.  this  research  has  been  supported  by  project  grant  teliot  ref.  2i16sa000044  in  the  framework  of  impulso  de  la  cooperacin  pblico  privada  y  la  transferencia  de  tecnologa  en  los  mbitos  de  especializacin  de  la  estrategia  de  investigacin  e  innovacin  para  la  especializacin  inteligente  de  la  regin  de  murcia,  ris3mur.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  on  our  website.  by  continuing  to  use  this  site,  you  agree  to  our  okay,  a  solution  that  transforms  the  way  grids  operate  in  the  now.  active  grid  management  agm  enables  realtime  monitoring  and  control  of  infrastructure  to  achieve  situational  awareness  for  the  nextgen  grid.  this  data  driven  solution  is  the  answer  to  multiple  challenges  faced  by  global  energy  and  utilities  companies  at  a  lower  cost  than  solutions  based  on  traditional  scada  technology,  using  more  scalable  and  distributed  components.  it  is  true  convergence  of  it  and  ot  driven  by  iot  solutions  to  bring  cost  effective  data  intelligence  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement secondary  substations  and  other  grid  assets.  with  this  solution  our  customers  are  driving  sustainable  business  value  with  industrial  iot  adoption.  transforming  businesses  into  nextgen  enterprises  with  industry  leading  solutions  capabilities  enhancing  experiences  and  meeting  the  demands  of  a  dynamic  eu  landscape  this  solution  enables  benefits  that  lower  opex  and  capex  through  improved  grid  management,  maintenance,  monitoring,  and  planning.  it  also  results  in  better  grid  observability  and  situational  awareness  that  translates  into  faster  recovery  from  outages,  more  accurate  energy  and  load  forecasting,  and  improved  power  quality.  agm  implementation  cost  is  7590  lower  then  rtu  instrumentation  of  lv  substations  reduce  opex  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement 510  maintenance  cost;  capex  by  510  extend  asset  life,  and  improve  system  reliability  saidi/caidi  and  power  quality  leveraging  the  iot  foundation  infrastructure  to  unlock  benefits  and  opportunities.  unmatched  capabilities  expanding  new  horizons  in  iot.  accelerator  for  device  iotization  data  analytics  platform  reference  design  for  an  intelligent  device  acceleration  suite  build  next  generation  cloud  services  isg  research  quadrant  2018  on  iot  services  healthcare  iot,  us  2016  blueprint  report  on  iot  worldwide  iot  consulting  system  integration  services  2016  zinnov  zones  2017  global  iot  technology  services  consecutively  for  2  year  iot  service  peak  matrix  assessment  2017  consecutively  for  2  year  early  traction  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement key  verticals  for  iot  works  portfolio  explore  our  iot  capabilities  and  discover  new  business  insights.  img  altbgscheduledemo  classimgresponsive  src/sites/all/themes/hcltechbootstrap/images/bgcontact.png  title  typeofimage  /  hcl  provides  software  and  services  to  u.s.  federal  government  customers  through  its  partner  immixgroup,  inc.  please  contact  immixgroup,  inc.  at  we  use  cookies  on  our  site.  please  read  more  about  them  .  for  desktop/laptop  related  queries  or  complaints,  visit  .  hcl  provides  software  and  services  to  u.s.  federal  government  customers  through  its  partner  immixgroup,  inc.  please  contact  immixgroup,  inc.  at
__label__energymonitoringmanagement proposed  system  integrates  various  renewable  sources  with  the  help  of  microcontroller  and  transmits  this  energy  and  its  parameter  data  are  sent  to  utility  and  user  end  via  internet  of  things.  it  also  switches  in  between  various  energy  resources  according  to  its  availability  and  economic  load  scheduling.  this  project  aims  at  designing  and  developing  a  smart  grid  system.  project  mainly  focuses  on  grid  monitoring  and  operations.  this  prototype  includes  automatic  control  over  the  grid,  and  manually  when  needed  when  automatic  operation  fails.  the  system  consists  of  four  parts:  1.  generation  unit:  wind  turbine,  solar  panels.  2.  controlling  unit:  microcontroller.  3.  transmission
__label__energymonitoringmanagement unit:  dc  to  ac  converter  inverter.  4.  utilization  unit:  houses  and  street.  generation  unit  generates  power  with  renewable  energy  resources  wind  and  solar.  generated  power  goes  to  utilization  unit  local  and  main  grid.  controlling  unit  is  preprogrammed  embedded  microcontroller  that  monitors  and  controls  the  grid.  it  measures  power  generation  through  various  generating  units  and  performs  automatic  switching  operations  according  to  optimum  electricity  generation.  microcontroller  decides  number  of  generating  units  have  work  simultaneously  to  deliver  the  power  requirement  of  the  grid.  microcontroller  sends  command  to  charges  battery  when  main  grid  burden  is  low.  it  also  interfaces  communication  devices  such  as  wifi
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  provide  monitoring  and  control  facility.  charged  storage  systems  helps  to  resupply  the  stored  energy  to  the  local  and  main  grid.  transmission  unit  is  a  part  of  main  grid  that  supplies  electricity.  with  the  use  of  smart  grid  bidirectional  flow  of  power  is  possible  i.e.  grid  to  consumer  and  consumer  to  grid.  utilization  unit  includes  local  and  main  grid.  local  grid  supplies  electricity  to  the  domestic  consumers.  they  are  capable  of  utilizing  electricity  and  feeding  power  back  to  the  main  grid.  various  desired  characteristics  are  achieved  by  using  smart  grid  with  the  use  of  internet  of  things  iot:  a  all
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sensors  data  are  posted  on  thingspeak  iot  cloud  through  web  server.  b  after  reading  all  sensors  data  user  either  manually  decides  which  part  of  the  grid  is  to  be  under  control.  protection  from  overcurrent  i.e.  short  circuit  ,  under  voltage  of  the  dc  microgrid  and  reverse  power  flow  from  local  grid  to  utility  grid  are  operated  automatically  after  reading  and  comparing  data  to  preset  values  .  c  control  parameters  like  utility  power  flow,  overall  dc  control  and  power  supply  control  of  both  two  houses  named  1  and  2.  d  data  like  dc  grid  voltage,  current  drawn  from  the  storage  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement power  flow  in  watts  are  displayed  on  user  interfaces  like  web  and  mobile.  e  the  status  tags  like  connection  status,  utility  incoming  status,  and  wind  and  solar  power,  battery  status  i.e.  charging  /  discharging  are  also  displayed  on  user  interface.  testing  was  a  very  crucial  component  of  this  project.  unit  testing  of  various  modules  was  performed  independently  followed  by  integrated  system  testing.  unit  testing  scenarios  included:  testing  on  web  using  browser:  we  can  test  and  monitor  sensor  and  control  various  grid  parameters  using  link  https://amanshukla203.000webhostapp.com/  after  login,  if  newbie  then  signup  first.  after  it  switches  to  control  page  i.e.  https://amanshukla203.000webhostapp.com/indexadmin.html.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement it  helps  to  maintain  power  flow  to  main  utility  grid  ,  in  power  outage  durations.  it  also  provides  more  convenient  monitoring  and  control  features  to  utility.  it  reduces  burden  on  utility  grid.  this  system  can  be  commercialise  at  utility  and  local  power  vendors  also  due  to  involvement  of  power  consumers  in  power  generation.  in  near  future  there  will  be  large  scale  implementation  of  smart  grid  projects.  voting  is  closed
__label__energymonitoringmanagement it  seems  like  you  cant  go  a  week  without  encounteringanother  article  on  the  rise  of  the  internet  of  things  iot.  iot,  the  interconnection  of  physical  devices,  vehicles,  buildings,  and  other  items  that  have  the  capacity  to  send  and  receive  data,  offers  the  promise  of  new,  advanced  services  stemming  from  new  connections  between  the  virtual  and  physical  world  based  on  improved  communication  and  control  technologies.  this  twoway  communication  has  been  a  key  component  of  does  grid  modernization  efforts,  from  previous  smart  grid  work  to  todays  gmi.  iot  offers  new  opportunities  for  consumers  to  engage  with  the  power  sector  even  as  it
__label__energymonitoringmanagement offers  better  opportunities  for  improved  efficiency  and  performance  across  the  power  grid.  through  the  iot,  advanced  sensors  can  gather  new  data  from  grid  assets  to  give  grid  operators  better  insight  into  infrastructure  performance;  controls  can  work  across  the  transmission  and  distribution  systems  that  are  responsive  to  changing  grid  conditions,  based  on  shifting  generation  mixes,  physical  conditions,  or  security  threats;  and  consumers  can  engage  and  make  better  choices  on  their  unique  energy  needs.  utilities,  businesses,  research  organizations,  consumer  advocacy  groups,  and  doe  have  been  working  across  the  electricity  system  to  research,  develop,  and  apply  advanced  communications  and  controls  technologies  to  improve
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reliability,  efficiency,  and  security  of  the  u.s.  grid.  iot  and  its  associated  communications  overlay  of  the  electric  grid  is  changing  all  aspects  of  grid  planning  and  operations,  including  new  requirements  for  interoperability,  cybersecurity,  and  the  management  of  new  troves  of  big  data  from  advanced  meters  and  sensors.  the  increased  integration  of  distributed  energy  resources,  buildings,  vehicles,  and  energy  storage  into  the  grid  requires  the  grid  to  be  more  responsive  than  ever  to  fastchanging  conditions  to  ensure  americans  have  access  to  reliable,  safe,  and  affordable  energy.  within  gmlc,  there  are  multiple  projects  working  to  realize  the  opportunities  from  iot.  for  example:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement iot  /  data  analytics  ondas  networks  releases  scalable  mciot  platform  for  critical  infrastructure  department  of  energy  announces  15  million  for  4  projects  in  datadriven  grid  management  department  of  energy  announces  15  million  for  4  projects  in  datadriven  grid  management  the  internet  of  things  security  institute  iotsi  releases  iot  security  framework  for  smart  cities  and  critical  infrastructure  the  industrial  internet  consortium  and  wisun  alliance  announce  liaison  vlocity  and  firstfuel  to  integrate  energy  data  analytics  and  utilities  cloud  apps  sentient  energy  unveils  ubiquitous  grid  monitoring  and  analytics  system  schneider  electric  publishes  global  digital  transformation  benefits  report  2019  smart  energy  water  and  ibm
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sign  multiyear  agreement  to  speed  innovation  on  the  cloud  fujitsu  expands  iot  platform  with  integrated  smart  lighting  and  energy  solutions  trove  posts  record  2018  results  on  strength  of  ai  software,  agile  data  science  methodology  lo3  energy  and  emotorwerks  join  forces  for  energy  blockchain  trial  amazon  to  join  zigbee  alliance  board  of  directors  landisgyr  and  sense  to  add  nextgen  energy  management  solution  to  utility  iot  platform  mprest  to  partner  with  southern  company  for  grid  modernization  and  distributed  smart  energy  apps  zigbee  alliance  and  thread  group  achieve  a  major  milestone  with  release  of  dotdot  1.0
__label__energymonitoringmanagement it  seems  that  youre  in  usa.  we  have  a  dedicated  site  for  happy  holidaysour  30  gift  card  just  for  you,  and  books  ship  free  editors:  ,  k.,  ,  d.,  ,  d.,  ,  e.  eds.  this  book  explains  the  fundamentals  of  control  theory  for  internet  of  things  iot  systems  and  smart  grids  and  its  applications.  it  discusses  the  challenges  imposed  by  largescale  systems,  and  describes  the  current  and  future  trends  and  challenges  in  decisionmaking  for  iot  in  detail,  showing  the  ongoing  industrial  and  academic  research  in  the  field  of  smart  grid  domain  applications.  it  presents  stepbystep  design  guidelines  for  the  modeling,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement design,  customisation  and  calibration  of  iot  systems  applied  to  smart  grids,  in  which  the  challenges  increase  with  each  systems  increasing  complexity.  it  also  provides  solutions  and  detailed  examples  to  demonstrate  how  to  use  the  techniques  to  overcome  these  challenges,  as  well  as  other  problems  related  to  decisionmaking  for  successful  implementation.  further,  it  anaylses  the  features  of  decisionmaking,  such  as  lowcomplexity  and  faulttolerance,  and  uses  opensource  and  publicly  available  software  tools  to  show  readers  how  they  can  design,  implement  and  customise  their  own  system  control  instantiations.  this  book  is  a  valuable  resource  for  power  engineers  and  researchers,  as  it  addresses  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement analysis  and  design  of  flexible  decisionmaking  mechanisms  for  smart  grids.  it  is  also  of  interest  to  students  on  courses  related  to  control  of  largescale  systems,  since  it  covers  the  use  of  stateoftheart  technology  with  examples  and  solutions  in  every  chapter.  and  last  but  not  least,  it  offers  practical  advice  for  professionals  working  with  smart  grids.  prof.  kostas  siozios  received  his  diploma,  masters  and  ph.d.  degrees  in  electrical  and  computer  engineering  from  the  democritus  university  of  thrace,  greece,  in  2001,  2003  and  2009,  respectively.  currently,  he  is  an  assistant  professor  at  the  department  of  physics,  aristotle  university  of  thessaloniki.  his  research
__label__energymonitoringmanagement interests  include  cad  algorithms,  cyberphysical  systems,  lowpower  reconfigurable  architectures  and  parallel  architectures.  he  has  published  more  than  110  papers  in  international  journals  and  conferences,  and  has  contributed  to  5  books  published  by  kluwer  and  springer.  in  recent  years  he  has  been  a  principal  investigator  in  numerous  research  projects  funded  by  the  european  commission  ec,  european  space  agency  esa,  as  well  as  the  greek  government  and  industry.  dimitrios  anagnostos  was  born  in  greece  in  1988.  he  received  b.e.  and  m.e.  degrees  from  the  national  technical  university  of  athens  ntua,  greece,  in  2012.  he  is  currently  pursuing  his  ph.d.  in  electrical  engineering
__label__energymonitoringmanagement at  ntua  in  cooperation  with  katholieke  universiteit  leuven  kul.  his  main  areas  of  research  interest  are  photovoltaic  modeling  for  energy  yield  assessment  and  forecasting,  and  advanced  methods  of  design  space  exploration.  mr.  anagnostos  is  a  member  of  the  technical  chamber  of  greece.  prof.  dimitrios  soudris  received  his  diploma  and  ph.d.  degree  in  electrical  and  computer  engineering  from  the  university  of  patras,  greece,  in  1987  and  1992,  respectively.  he  was  a  professor  at  the  department  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering,  democritus  university  of  thrace  for  13  years  and  is  currently  working  as  an  associate  professor  at  the  school  of  ece  at
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  national  technical  university  of  athens,  greece.  his  research  interests  include  embedded  systems  design,  reconfigurable  architectures,  networkonchip  architectures  and  lowpower  vlsi  design.  he  has  published  more  than  350  papers  in  international  journals  and  conferences,  and  is  the  author  or  editor  of  eight  books  published  by  kluwer  and  springer.  he  is  the  head  of  embedded  systems  group  consisting  of  four  senior  investigators  postdocs,  eight  ph.d.  students  and  a  number  of  m.sc.  students.  he  is  leader  and  principal  investigator  in  numerous  research  projects  funded  by  the  european  commission,  eniacju,  european  space  agency  and  the  greek  and  german  government  and  industry.  prof.  elias
__label__energymonitoringmanagement kosmatopoulos  received  diploma,  m.sc.  and  ph.d.  degrees  from  the  technical  university  of  crete,  greece,  in  1990,  1992,  and  1995,  respectively.  he  is  a  professor  at  the  department  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering  at  the  democritus  university  of  thrace,  greece.  he  has  been  an  assistant  professor  at  the  department  of  production  engineering  and  management,  technical  university  of  crete  tuc,  greece  and  deputy  director  of  the  dynamic  systems  and  simulation  laboratory  at  tuc.  prior  to  joining  tuc,  he  was  research  associate/assistant  professor  at  the  department  of  electrical  engineeringsystems,  university  of  southern  california  usc  and  a  postdoctoral  fellow  at  the  department  of  electrical
__label__energymonitoringmanagement computer  engineering,  university  of  victoria,  b.c.,  canada.  prof.  kosmatopoulos  research  interests  are  in  the  areas  of  nonlinear  and  adaptive  control,  robotics,  energyefficient  buildings  and  intelligent  transportation  systems.  mastering  the  challenges  of  changing  energy  systems:  the  smartgrid  concept  pages  319  siozios,  kostas  edge  computing  for  smart  grid:  an  overview  on  architectures  and  solutions  pages  2142  samie,  farzad  et  al.  smartgrid  modelling  and  simulation  pages  4354  ziouzios,  dimitris  et  al.  communication  protocols  for  the  iotbased  smart  grid  pages  5583  goudos,  sotirios  k.  et  al.  smart  grid  hardware  security  pages  85113  sideris,  argiris  et  al.  edge  computing  and  efficient  resource  management  for  integration
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  video  devices  in  smart  grid  deployments  pages  115132  galanis,  ioannis  et  al.  solar  energy  forecasting  in  the  era  of  iot  enabled  smart  grids  pages  133146  anagnostos,  dimitrios  data  analytic  for  improving  operations  and  maintenance  in  smartgrid  environment  pages  147161  karagiorgos,  nikolaos  et  al.  on  accelerating  data  analytics:  anintroduction  to  the  approximate  computing  technique  pages  163180  zervakis,  georgios  towards  plugplay  smart  thermostats  for  buildings  heating/cooling  control  pages  183207  marantos,  charalampos  et  al.  a  framework  for  supporting  energy  transactions  in  smartgrid  environment  pages  209224  siozios,  kostas  centralized  monitoring  and  power  plant  controller  targeting  smartgrids:  the  inaccess  platform  pages  225251  apostolakos,  spyridon
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  global  energy  demand  set  to  double  by  2050,  concern  about  climate  change,  carbon  emissions  and  security  of  supply  is  driving  new  pressures  in  the  utilities  industry.  current  legislation  requires  utilities  to  find  ways  to  reduce  carbon  dioxide  emissions,  lower  energy  consumption  and  introduce  alternative  fuels.  driving  operational  efficiency  is  also  a  top  priority  withageing  infrastructures,  a  shortage  of  labour  and  squeezed  margins.  and  increasing  customer  expectations  mean  utilities  need  to  find  ways  to  deliver  better  customer  service.  the  smart  grid  gives  utilities  the  means  to  meet  these  challenges  remote  data  management  and  monitoring  capabilities,  automation  and  control,  and  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement systems  for  the  effective  utilisation  and  safe  management  of  transmission  and  distribution  networks.  the  smart  grid  not  only  enables  utilities  to  deliver  electricity  in  a  sustainable,  economic,  efficient  and  secure  way,  but  it  also  opens  up  opportunities  for  the  development  of  other  new  low  carbon  technologies  such  as  the  smart  home  and  digital  cities.  today  smart  metering  is  being  used  to  facilitate  a  wide  range  of  applications  in  remote  meter  reading,  customer  relationship  management,  demandside  management  and  valueadded  services.  smart  meters  that  enable  twoway  communication  between  the  meter  and  the  central  system  are  making  it  possible  to  engage  with  consumers
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  new  and  innovative  ways  and  to  deliver  a  higher  level  of  customer  service  than  ever  before.  the  first  immediate  benefit  is  the  ability  to  provide  business  and  residential  customers  with  energy  bills  based  on  actual,  rather  than  estimated,  consumption.  all  improvements  of  the  billing  process  contribute  to  improved  cash  flow,  less  bad  debt,  and  fewer  inquiries  over  billing  and  payments.  smart  metering  is  also  an  enabler  for  new  prepaid  energy  services  that  can  be  offered  to  customers  who  lack  the  funds  for  an  upfront  deposit  or  high  prepayments.  smart  iot  technology  is  already  being  applied  to  home  appliances,  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement example  a  smart  chip  within  a  fridgefreezer  or  air  conditioning  unit  that  can  power  down  the  appliance  when  it  is  at  the  optimum  temperature  and  power  on  again  when  required.  emobility  electric  vehicle  charging  and  monitoring  is  one  of  the  rapidly  emerging  smart  technologies.  managing  iot  communications  for  the  emobility  infrastructure  is  a  critical  success  factor  in  providing  clean,  sustainable  transportation  on  a  national  and  even  global  basis.  it  enables  efficient  electric  vehicle  charging  across  communities,  regions,  and  countries,  and  ensures  that  utilities  can  support  vehicle  charging  while  maintaining  balance  in  the  local  energy  grids.  our  cellular  technology  underpins  all
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  these  solutions  and  is  already  widely  used,  proven  and  availablethe  core  of  our  offering  is  our  own  managed  iot  platform,  designed  to  take  away  the  complexities  and  cost  of  deployment  by  automating  provisioning,  billing  and  other  logistics  processes.  considering  that  30  of  the  cost  of  implementing  smart  metering  can  be  related  to  the  installation,  this  can  mean  significant  savings.  contact  us  and  one  of  our  iot  specialists  will  call  you  back  gartner  has  positioned  vodafone  as  a  leader  in  its  magic  quadrant  for  managed  m2m  services,  worldwide  report  2018,  for  the  fifth  consecutive  year  vodafone  iothave  connected  over85million  devices
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__energymonitoringmanagement using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__energymonitoringmanagement assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  editors  note:  this  post  was  originally  published  in  december  2017  and  has  been  updated  for  accuracy  and  comprehensiveness.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  requires  almost  no  additional  engineering  effort.  distribution  grid  operators  and  operators  of  electricity  grids  in  industrial  parks  can  quickly  tap  into  useful  information  from  devices  installed  anywhere  in  the  smart  grid.  this  will  enable  grid  faults,  for  example,  to  be  detected  at  an  early  stage  and  quickly  rectified.  after  information  is  collected,  vulnerabilities  can  be  identified,  and  necessary  measures  can  be  implemented  before  any  damage  occurs.  in  this  way,  internet  of  things  iot  applications  in  the  grid  diagnostic  suite  enhance  the  availability  o0f  power  grids  while  enabling  them  to  be  operated  costefficiently.  with  our  new  iotbased  offering  for  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement automation,  we  are  helping  our  customers  to  manage  the  increasing  complexity  of  power  grids  and  prepare  for  future  challenges,  said  robert  klaffus,  ceo  of  the  digital  grid  business  unit  at  siemens  smart  infrastructure.  data  can  now  be  accessed  quickly  and  easily  via  existing  communication  channels.  in  the  central  mindsphere  cloud,  users  can  then  smoothly  consolidate,  visualise  and  evaluate  data  and,  if  necessary,  react  quickly.  we  are  paving  the  way  for  truly  smart  grids.  siprotec  and  sicam  devices  with  iot  interfaces  are  connected  via  the  open  standard  opc  ua  pubsub  protocol  with  the  cloudbased,  open  iot  operating  system  mindsphere  from  siemens.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement data  transmission  satisfies  the  most  stringent  cybersecurity  requirements,  allowing  endtoend  authentication  and  encryption  based  on  certificates.  with  sicam  gridpass  ,  siemens  offers  a  product  that  securely  creates  and  automatically  manages  certificates.  the  siprotec  dashboard  displays  data  from  the  siprotec  5  series  of  protection  relays,  which  waspreviously  difficult  to  access,  quickly  and  clearly  in  a  map  view  or  as  adiagram  on  a  mobile  device.  for  the  first  time,  data  from  the  entire  grid  isavailable  in  the  cloud  without  any  additional  engineering  effort.  intuitivenavigation  eliminates  the  need  for  extra  training.  the  sicamnavigator  enables  comprehensive  monitoring  of  medium  and  lowvoltage  gridsas  well  as
__label__energymonitoringmanagement secondary  distribution  substations.  the  app  provides  detailedinformation  about  messages,  alarms  and  specific  grid  parameters.  this  makes  it  possible,  for  example,  topresent  the  performance  of  power  grids  in  a  transparent  manner,  allowingoperators  to  estimate  where  new  charging  points  for  electric  vehicles  should  beset  up,  for  instance.  in  addition,  in  the  event  of  a  fault,  the  exactgrid  section  affected  can  be  pinpointed.  siemens  hasnow  developed  the  cloudbased  application  sicam  localizer  fordistribution  grids  with  overhead  lines.  detailed  information  about  the  statusof  individual  grid  segments,  such  as  faults,  is  displayed  clearly  andconcisely.  individual  operating  values  such  as  phase  currents  can  also  bedisplayed.  for  example,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  the  event  of  fallen  trees  or  branches  in  forestareas,  a  service  team  can  be  deployed  exactly  where  the  problem  occurs  andrestore  grid  stability  quickly.  in  this  way,  the  sicam  navigator  and  the  sicam  localizer  help  reduce  and  even  prevent  power  outages,  better  planservice  calls  and  enhance  the  availability  of  power  supply.  for  operators  of  industrial  parks  and  data  centres,  power  quality  pq  is  of  great  importance  for  the  quality  of  supply.  the  app  pq  advisor  premium  can  record  and  display  grid  parameters  such  as  electrical  voltage  and  frequency,  minute  by  minute  and  without  any  gaps  from  an  entire  fleet
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  pq  devices.  the  collected  information  is  displayed  in  a  clearly  laidout  format  on  a  dashboard.  a  traffic  lightstyle  display  signals  violations  of  tolerability  limits,  allowing  users  to  take  necessary  action  early  on  when  anomalies  occur.  new  challenges  for  electricity  grids  are  posed  in  particular  by  the  expansion  of  emobility  along  with  increasing  infeed  of  volatile  generating  capacity.  the  cloudbased  applications  of  the  grid  diagnostic  suite  will  help  operators  of  power  grids  to  operate  their  grids  and  systems  more  costeffectively  with  the  aid  of  previously  unused  data,  leading  to  even  smarter  grids.  more  information  about  siemens  smart  infrastructure  is  available
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  offer  advanced  data  communications  for  applications  in  the  internet  of  things.  ppc  is  a  pioneer  of  hardware  and  software  components  for  communications  in  the  energy  and  utilities  sector.  ppc  helps  utilities  and  distribution  network  operators  to  develop  advanced  communications  solutions.  stay  up  to  date  about  our  news  and  events.  with  the  smart  metering  roll  out  and  the  increase  in  smart  grid  applications,  utilities  and  energy  network  operators  are  now  looking  at  a  range  of  technologies  to  help  them  tackle  the  challenge  of  data  collection,  device  control  and  demand  management.  until  recently,  meter  reading  was  carried  out  once  a  month
__label__energymonitoringmanagement at  most.  the  smart  homes  and  smart  grids  of  the  future  will  be  far  more  demanding  with  vast  amounts  of  data  generated  and  distributed.  finding  the  right  communications  solutions  to  deal  with  this  data  is  vital  to  the  future  of  smart  grids.  a  highly  efficient  ict  infrastructure  meets  the  challenges  of  big  data  and  opens  new  possibilities  for  future  business  models.  the  smartest  utilities  and  dnos  are  rising  to  this  challenge,  as  are  new  players  in  the  market.  for  this  reason,  ict  technologies  of  the  future  need:  renewable  energy  sources  and  bidirectional  energy  flows  are  demanding  more  complex  grid  management
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  grid  balancing  technologies.  not  only  help  grid  management,  but  also  create  opportunities  for  entirely  new  business  models  and  innovative  customer  services.  with  energy  and  environmental  objectives  paving  the  way  for  a  complete  transformation  of  our  energy  supply,  we  see  a  clear  movement  in  the  direction  of  distributed,  renewable  energy  sources  and  electric  vehicles.  the  variable  nature  of  renewable  energy  sources  demands  more  sophisticated  grid  management  and  grid  balancing  technologies.  in  order  to  preserve  the  security  of  supply  that  we  have  become  so  accustomed  to,  it  is  necessary  to  ensure  that  a  is  successfully  maintained.  with  any  commercially  available  meter
__label__energymonitoringmanagement can  be  used  for  smart  metering  and  .  data  communications  are  the  cornerstone  of  advanced  metering  and  meter  reading.  collecting  data  in  real  time  is  just  the  beginning.  emerging  challenges  such  as  bidirectional  energy  flow,  data  security  and  tariff  regulations  demand  highly  sophisticated  new  data  technologies.  cookie  policy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  smart  homes  to  smart  grids,  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  received  a  warm  welcome  in  the  energy  sector.  floridabased  electric  power  holding  company  duke  energy  claims  it  has  created  a  system  to  automatically  reconfigure  itself  when  you  lose  power  in  the  home.  it  says  the  electrical  system  has  the  capacity  to  automatically  detect,  isolate,  and  reroute  power  when  a  problem  occurs.  digital  smart  sensors  at  sub  stations  and  on  powerlines  detect  problems  and  communicate  with  this  with  thecontrol  system.  switches  then  automatically  isolate  the  damaged  section  of  line.  in  theory,  the  control  system  continually  monitors  the  state  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  grid  and  determines  the  best  way  to  reroute  power  to  as  many  people  as  possible.  it  then  automatically  reconfigures  the  electric  grid  to  restore  power  on  the  line.  this  should  all  happen  in  less  than  a  minute.  the  state  of  indiana  is  currently  modernizing  its  statewide  energy  grid,  so  expect  a  verdict  on  this  technology  in  due  course.  pacific  gas  electricity  company  pge  said  in  may  that  it  was  to  enhance  the  safety  and  reliability  of  its  electric  and  gas  service.  the  test  programs  aim  to  explore  the  feasibility  of  using  safety  drones  to  monitor  electric  infrastructure  in  hardtoreach
__label__energymonitoringmanagement areas  and  to  detect  methane  leaks  across  its  70,000  squaremile  service  area.  initial  results  look  positive.  the  company  has  revealed  that  the  use  of  drones  for  safety  inspections  is  much  easier  and  reduces  risk  to  employees.  pge  is  currently  working  with  nasa  to  test  methane  sensors.  watch  this  space  for  further  updates  on  the  trials.  energy  giant,  edf,  is  getting  .  the  firm  says  it  has  created  an  easy  way  for  customers  to  control  their  account  through  amazons  alexa  voice  service.  the  edf  energy  skill  amazons  version  of  an  app  should  let  customers  interact  with  amazons  handsfree,  voicecontrolled  speaker,  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement echo  to  check  their  account  balance  and  next  payment  date,  among  other  things.  handy  if  you  happen  to  love  amazon  devices  and  get  your  energy  supply  from  edf.  the  national  grid  is  using  demand  side  response  company,  technology  to  balance  supply  and  demand  across  the  uks  power  grid.  open  energi  says  the  technology  aggregates  energy  consumption  from  across  customers  sites  to  provide  a  fast,  flexible  solution  which  is  equivalent  to  a  power  station,  but  instead  of  adjusting  supply  up  or  down  to  meet  demand,  it  adjusts  demand  up  or  down  to  meet  supply.  supposedly,  dynamic  demand  provides  national  grid  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  fast  demand  responseand  enables  consumers  to  better  manage  their  consumption,  freeing  up  capacity  for  the  whole  grid.  the  rollout  is  ongoing,  but  open  energi  says  dynamic  demand  has  been  installed  at  more  than  50  sites  to  date.  the  future  of  energy  will  not  just  be  decided  by  the  traditional  service  providers,  not  if  nissan  has  anything  to  do  with  it,  anyway.  the  ,  one  of  europes  largest  power  companies,  to  develop  a  vehicletogrid  system.  the  companies  say  this  system  will  allow  drivers  and  energy  users  to  operate  as  individual  energy  hubs  with  the  ability  to  use,  store  and  return
__label__energymonitoringmanagement excess  energy  to  the  grid.  the  first  trials  for  the  tech  will  be  held  in  denmark,  with  germany,  the  netherlands  and  some  other  european  countries  following  thereafter,  presumably  if  the  trials  are  successful.  in  new  york,  brooklyn  microgrid  has  created  a  connected  network  for  energy.  the  group  says  it  is  using  blockchain  technology  to  enable  the  first  peertopeer  energy  exchange  and  an  emerging  energy  internet,  according  to  .  the  project,  called  transactive  grid,  is  a  joint  venture  between  brooklyn  microgrid  developer  lo3  energy  and  blockchain  technology  developer  consensys.  the  grid  includes  a  hardware  layer  of  smart  meters  and  a  software
__label__energymonitoringmanagement layer  using  blockchain.  the  participants  homes  are  equipped  with  smart  meters  linked  to  the  blockchain  to  track  the  electricity  generated  and  used  in  the  homes  and  manage  transactions  between  neighbors.  as  fast  coexist  explains:  on  one  side  of  president  street,  five  homes  with  solar  panels  generate  electricity.  on  the  other  side,  five  homes  buy  power  when  the  opposite  homes  dont  need  it.  in  the  middle  is  a  blockchain  network,  managing  and  recording  transactions  with  little  human  interaction.  general  electric  is  no  stranger  to  the  iot  space.  the  company  has  just  taken  ,  and  shows  no  signs  of  slowing  down  its
__label__energymonitoringmanagement bet  on  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot.  general  electrics  asset  performance  management  software  is  being  used  in  a  number  of  power  plants  to  connect  disparate  data  sources  and  to  aid  data  analysis.  to  make  the  tech  tick,  sensors  are  placed  on  key  infrastructure,  such  as  gas  turbines,  to  monitor  and  collect  data  on  operations  and  efficiency.  the  data  collected  can  then  be  analyzed  in  the  cloud  to  provide  realtime  updates  on  the  use  of  gas  within  a  plant.  for  more  detail,  click  here  to  see  what  .  rwe  claims  to  have  created  one  of  the  first  shared  solar  power
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  systems  in  the  world.  called  the  shine,  rwe  claims  the  software  offers  users  an  easy  to  use  home  energy  management  system,  which  lets  them  optimize  their  use  of  solar  energy.  users  can  also  connect  with  others  to  share,  buy  or  sell  locallygenerated  green  energy,  as  reported  in  .  the  shine  will  be  commercially  available  in  germany  before  it  reaches  the  uk.  iot  has  the  power  to  connect  even  the  most  hardtoreach  areas.  uk  power  and  gas  supplier,  estate  in  the  scottish  highlands  by  connecting  them  to  the  internet.  supposedly,  sses  national  carrier  ethernet  mpls  services  provide  e.on  with  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement meshed  network  that  guarantees  that  the  critical  communications  systems  that  enable  the  control  and  live  monitoring  of  each  site  are  always  available  even  in  the  more  remote  and  torrid  conditions.  e.on  says  it  now  knows  exactly  how  its  business  is  performing  across  the  highlands.  last  but  not  least  is  hive.  british  gas  smart  home  meter  has  already  made  an  impact  upon  many  consumers  lives  300,000  in  the  uk  as  of  april  this  year  and  needs  little  introduction.  most  recently,  british  gas  announced  hive  2.  its  a  major  upgrade  on  the  initial  hive  launch,  giving  consumers  the  option  to  control  heating
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  hot  water  remotely  from  an  app  on  a  smartphone.  according  to  our  iob  tech  guru  and  contributing  editor,  jan  maciejewski,  hive  is  well  on  its  way  to  creating  a  new  standard  in  the  home.  for  a  deeper  understanding,  check  out  jans  from  earlier  this  year.  the  is  europes  only  forum  dedicated  to  exploring  the  business  case  for  the  internet  of  things  in  the  energy  industry.  through  earlyadopter  case  studies  from  traditional  utilities  and  perspectives  of  new  disrupters,  the  event  will  explore  the  opportunities  for  the  energy  ecosystem  in  an  age  of  iot.  click  for  further  details.  december  45,  brimingham,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement uk  may  12  13  santa  clara,  ca,  usa  june  15  17  chicago,  il,  usa  united  states  session  expired  the  login  page  will  open  in  a  new  tab.  after  logging  in  you  can  close  it  and  return  to  this  page.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement transforming  the  way  we  live  and  work,  the  internet  of  things  iot  allows  you  to  connect  and  monitor  assets  from  virtually  anywhere  for  almost  any  industry.  by  michael  troiano  transforming  the  way  we  live  and  work,  the  internet  of  things  iot  allows  you  to  connect  and  monitor  assets  from  virtually  anywhere  for  almost  any  industry.  as  our  things  and  world  become  interconnected,  businesses  and  consumers  have  the  opportunity  and  accessibility  to  improve  efficiency,  productivity  and,  most  of  all,  connectivity.  the  smart  grid  is  drastically  changing  the  way  businesses  operate.  with  this  technology,  utilities  are  equipped  to  deliver  power  more  efficiently,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement improve  operations,  reduce  emissions  and  management  costs,  and  restore  power  faster.  and  operators  are  able  to  immediately  identify  outages,  allowing  for  improved  efficiency  to  manage  responses.  this  type  of  technology  also  allows  utilities  to  migrate  from  oneway  analog  systems  to  twoway  digital  and  wireless  communications.  this  allows  for  near  realtime  communication,  opposed  to  days  or  weeks,  as  previously  was  considered  normal.  with  smart  meters,  utilities  can  learn  of  consumption,  pressure  or  temperature  information  from  remote  substations  or  production  facilities  in  secluded  areas  to  ensure  pumps  and  motors  are  working  properly  and  identify  problems  before  equipment  failures.  smart  meters  enable  utilities
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  better  support  their  customers  because  they  can  wirelessly  monitor  and  manage  their  power  usage  on  a  daily  basis,  which  ultimately  can  help  lower  their  bills.  this  capability  uses  smart  meters  connected  to  a  cellular  wireless  network,  which  then  transmits  information  from  meters  located  at  homes  and  businesses  to  utility  operations  centers.  so  that  customers  can  see  exactly  what  the  utilities  see,  the  data  is  made  available  on  a  mobile  application  anywhere,  at  any  time.  iot  is  transforming  how  smart  grids  are  currently  being  used  and  how  we  are  working  to  evolve  the  technology  for  future  generations.  smart  energy  solutions
__label__energymonitoringmanagement are  still  a  relatively  new  phenomena.  advanced  meter  solutions,  merging  innovative  smart  meters  and  wireless  solutions,  are  just  the  beginning  of  the  innovation  that  is  in  store  for  this  space.  in  addition,  smart  lighting  solutions  are  now  moving  from  a  single  purpose  solution  to  an  aggregate  of  solutions  able  to  solve  multiple  use  cases,  such  as  parking,  traffic  monitoring  and  connecting  citizens  with  wifi.  with  iot,  the  possibilities  are  endless.  now,  its  possible  to  connect  to  virtually  all  utility  assetsfrom  meters  and  substations,  to  work  force  vehicles,  to  employees.  this  interconnectivity  not  only  simplifies  processes,  but  also  works  to  increase
__label__energymonitoringmanagement productivity  through  communication.  now,  using  data  from  meters  and  sensors,  a  utility  can  be  alerted  that  a  transformer  is  overheating,  generate  a  work  order,  and  then  dispatch  to  the  nearest  service  crew  instantaneously.  previously  when  a  transformer  failed,  for  example,  the  lights  went  out  and  the  utility  only  knew  about  it  when  customers  called.  now,  when  the  lights  go  out,  a  sensor  on  the  power  line  sends  an  alert  to  the  utilitys  outage  management  system,  which  monitors  that  transformer.  the  system  recognizes  where  the  outage  is  and  sends  a  work  order  to  the  dispatch  center  so  crews  nearby  can  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sent  out  to  fix  the  problem.  this  gets  the  lights  back  on  sooner  and  results  in  more  satisfied  customers.  in  the  future,  utilities  equipped  with  this  technology  will  be  able  to  use  existing  wireless  networks  to  better  manage  their  infrastructure  by  allowing  them  to  use  wireless  connectivity  as  an  enabler.  in  the  past,  investor  owned,  municipal  and  cooperative  utilities  typically  invested  in  three  different  communications  networks:  with  smart  grid  technology,  utilities  no  longer  need  three  different  networksbecause  it  has  one  all  ipbased  digital  network.  with  one  network,  every  department  can  use  the  service  for  all  applications.  this  reduces  investments  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement network  communication  and  allows  for  reallocation  of  capital  investments.  iot  also  provides  an  opportunity  for  utilities  to  create  value  from  customer  data  using  a  variety  of  sources.  the  data,  which  was  typically  used  for  operational  efficiently,  is  now  made  available  to  consumers.  utilities  can  now  offer  prepaid  energy,  for  example,  in  a  way  similar  to  prepaid  cellular  services  by  providing  consumers  the  flexibility  to  pay  for  energy  when  and  where  they  want.  these  types  of  smart  grid  solutions  benefit  customer  service,  as  well  as  help  utilities  reduce  bad  debt  writeoffs  and  truck  rolls,  for  disconnect  and  reconnect  of  services.  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement some  instances,  larger  utilities,  including  some  that  operate  their  own  communication  infrastructure  to  manage  smart  grid  operations,  turn  to  partnerships  with  service  providers  to  help  them  streamline  the  number  of  networks  they  manage  and  create  utilityspecific  solutions.  at  the  foundation  of  the  iot  is  communications.  the  communications  network  is  always  evolving  and  is  multipurposednot  what  it  has  been  known  for  in  the  past.  smart  gird  technology  is  an  example  of  how  iot  is  driving  innovation  and  productivity  for  consumers  and  businesses.  with  information  on  the  location  and  conditions  of  assets  at  the  touch  of  a  button,  utility  companies  can  change
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  way  they  service  their  customers.  at  the  same  time,  solution  providers  continue  to  push  the  envelope  by  delivering  increasingly  sophisticated  mobile  solutions  that  may  help  managers  make  more  informed  choices  for  managing  their  assets.  as  a  result,  utilities  are  able  to  make  better  business  decisions,  become  more  efficient,  and  provide  the  best  customer  service  possible.  about  the  author:  michael  troiano  is  the  vice  president  of  industrial  iot  solutions,  a  business  unit  of  att  mobile  business  solutions.  his  responsibilities  include  bringing  to  market  comprehensive  industrial  iot  solutions  designed  to  transform  enterprises  by  mobilizing  people,  processes  and  assets.  troiano  leads  strategy,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement product  management  and  business  development  for  atts  industrial  iot  solutions  organization.  prior  to  joining  att  in  2003,  he  held  business  development  and  marketing  roles  with  palm,  bellsouth  international  wireless  services  and  sprint.  utility  products  utility  products
__label__energymonitoringmanagement its  an  undeniable  fact  that  things  in  our  lives  are  getting  smarter:  from  cars,  to  homes  and  workplace  technology,  and  even  urban  infrastructure.  the  foundation  that  drives  this  smartening  trend  is  the  inclusion  of  new  technology  that  connects  devices  sensors,  controllers,  and  meters  around  us,  commonly  called  the  internet  of  things  or  iot,  for  short.  iot  applications  benefit  users  by  optimizing  or  creating  automated  processes.  third  party  vendors  often  deliver  iot  applications  using  software  as  a  service  based  control  application  and  a  payasyougo  delivery  model.  a  similar,  but  separate  smartening  trend  is  the  electric  utility  sectors  grid  modernization  efforts  aptly
__label__energymonitoringmanagement referred  to  as  smart  grid  investments.  utility  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami  platforms  within  these  investments  allow  central  communications  with  thousands  if  not  millions  of  smart  meters  across  cities  and  outside  our  homes  businesses  through  a  field  area  network  fan.  the  core  value  of  the  ami  investment  is  to  allow  utilities  to  drive  efficiencies  in  meter  reading,  meter  turnon/off  activities,  customer  interaction  and  outage  management  responses.  but  can  this  infrastructure  have  additional  value  in  our  connected  world  outside  the  electric  utility  domain?  this  poses  a  fundamental  question:  can  a  smart  grid  investment  enable  a  utility  to  become  an  iot  service  provider?
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  if  yes,  then  what,  why,  and  how?  lets  break  down  the  answer  to  this  question  into  three  logical  areas:  the  focuses  on  which  subofferings  of  the  vast  iot  space  can  utilities  add  technical  and  commercial  value.  this  process  helps  utilities  narrow  in  on  the  discrete  iot  use  cases,  which  can  include:  applying  a  technical  lens,  utilities  could  consider  how  its  ami  infrastructure  connects  with  these  new  devices  and  what  new  services  to  offer.  this  is  accomplished  one  of  two  ways:  1  using  the  existing  endpoints  smart  meter  to  directly  communicate  with  other  devices  sensors,  controllers,  etc.,  or  2  adding
__label__energymonitoringmanagement additional  devices  within  the  utilitys  network  effectively  adding  new  endpoints.  applying  a  commercial  lens,  utilities  can  determine  how  to  price  its  services  based  on  the  benefits  and  scope  of  each  iot  application.  some  applications  can  provide  universal  benefit  for  all  customers  standard  recovery  and  others  will  deliver  ancillary  services  to  specific  customers,  which  may  be  competitive  or  require  special  rate  riders.  the  raises  the  question  of  when  should  a  utility,  assuming  they  are  eligible  in  the  first  place,  offer  iot  services.  first  and  foremost,  utilities  have  an  obligation  to  deliver  core  services:  safe,  reliable,  and  costeffective  electricity.  other  services  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement considered  noncore,  and  cannot  impede  these  operations.  while  utilities  must  maintain  customer  servicelevel  expectations,  engaging  in  noncore  service  areas  can  add  value  that  supports  the  grid  infrastructure  investment.  public  utilities  must  report  and  justify  all  investments  and  costs.  when  considering  iot  application  services,  a  utility  must  establish  the  regulatory  path.  many  utilities  have,  or  are  demonstrating  that  ami  costs  are  prudent  to  the  rate  base.  then  the  questions  arise  whether  incremental  costs  would  be  competitive  against  other  market  options  for  the  iot  service,  and  how  the  additional  revenue  streams  would  be  applied  to  the  ami  capital  cost  recovery.  as  an
__label__energymonitoringmanagement example,  should  an  electric  utility  offer  the  water  or  gas  utilities  that  are  serving  the  same  customers  to  leverage  the  electric  utilitys  ami  solution  for  the  water  and  gas  meters  or  should  the  water  and  gas  utilities  install  their  own  standalone  ami  networks?  finally,  the  addresses  a  utilitys  path  to  embrace  and  deliver  iot  services.  from  our  experience  working  with  clients  in  this  space,  it  comes  down  to  seven  key  areas:  the  iot  sector  is  facing  increasing  competition  from  technology  vendors  and  incumbent  network  service  providers,  who  are  investing  in  this  space.  its  unclear  the  extent  to  which  utility  providers
__label__energymonitoringmanagement will  become  a  substantial  market  player  in  iot  services.  the  fact  remains,  utilities  acquiring  smart  grid  technologies  have  an  opportunity  to  explore  iot  service  offerings  that  benefit  their  customers  and  business  model.  by  focusing  on  their  inherent  strengths  connected  assets,  complete  market  coverage,  customer  billing  relationships  utilities  are  well  positioned  to  justify  providing  iot  services.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  west  monroe  partners  2018  all  rights  reserved  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement learn  more  from  tech  tips  to  financial  risks  visit  deloitte  insights  key  opportunities,  trends,  and  challenges  looking  ahead,  staying  ahead  timely  insights  to  inform  your  agenda.  get  daily  updates  on  your  mobile  device  experience  deloitte  in  a  new  way  through  our  augmented  reality  app.  discover  deloitte  and  learn  more  about  our  people  and  culture.  have  you  already  applied  for  a  job?  you  can  now  update  your  candidate  profile  here.  as  conservation  efforts  and  alternative  energy  ramp  up,  electric  utilities  can  no  longer  count  on  customers  using  more  and  more  power.  how  to  survive?  with  a  new  focus  on  efficiency  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement cost  control,  based  on  technologyparticularly  internet  of  things  applications.  in  1882,  thomas  edison  opened  the  first  commercial  central  power  station  in  lower  manhattan,  serving  a  onequartersquaremile  area,  and  launching  urban  electrification.  new  companies  arose  to  help  develop  large  regional  and  then  a  national  electric  grid,  providing  the  reliable  power  needed  to  unleash  waves  of  innovation.  an  evergrowing  demand  for  electricity  fueled  the  construction  of  the  largest  machine  ever  built  and  one  of  the  greatest  engineering  achievements  of  the  20th  century:  the  us  electric  system.  today,  most  americans  take  reliable,  affordable  power  for  granted,  never  having  known  a  time  without  it.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement but  the  assumptions  and  models  underpinning  that  reliable,  affordable  power  are  shifting.  historically,  utilities  have  been  able  to  invest  heavily  in  generation  and  delivery  infrastructure  because  steady  growth  in  demand  maintained  affordable  prices  for  customers  and  yielded  reasonable  returns.  however,  increased  efficiency,  conservation  efforts,  and  alternative  power  sources  have  eroded  demand  growth  from  about  7  percent  annually  1949  to  1973  to  about  2.5  percent  1974  to  2013;  the  projected  growth  from  now  until  2040  is  less  than  1  percent.  this  level  of  growth  is  no  longer  enough  to  maintain  the  current  system  without  raising  rates.  yet,  tighter  emission  regulations,  greater
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reliability  expectations,  and  the  aging  transmission  and  distribution  system  require  more  than  maintenance;  they  need  expensive  upgrades  and  replacements.  the  most  straightforward  responseraising  ratesis  not  always  attractive,  as  both  utilities  and  their  regulators  are  charged  with  keeping  rates  affordable,  and  higher  rates  increase  the  competitiveness  of  alternatives  to  utilityprovided  power.  the  industry,  then,  must  look  beyond  its  traditional  costofservice  model  and  focus  on  asset  utilization  and  streamlining  costs  through  operating  efficiencies.  technology,  particularly  internet  of  things  iot  applications,  offers  a  range  of  possibilities  for  how  electric  utilities  can  move  forward.  iot  can  improve  the  efficiency  and  performance  of  the  power
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid  in  three  phases:  first,  by  gathering  data  from  sensors  to  improve  the  resilience  of  the  grid;  then  through  enablement  ,  where  utilities  use  that  data  to  actively  manage  resources;  and  finally,  optimization  ,  where  all  stakeholders  are  able  to  make  informed  decisions  about  power  usage  and  generation.  through  these  three  phases,  iot  offers  some  indications  of  how  utilities  can  not  only  survive,  but  thrive,  in  this  new  competitive  environment.  the  internet  of  things  is  a  suite  of  technologies  and  associated  business  processes  that  imbues  devices  of  all  types  with  an  ability  to  communicate  information  about  their  status  to  other
__label__energymonitoringmanagement systems,  creating  the  opportunity  to  evaluate  and  act  on  this  new  source  of  information.  the  electric  utility  industrys  use  of  iot  applications  has  closely  followed  the  arc  of  technology  availability.  while  seldom  on  the  bleeding  edge,  utilities  have  always  leveraged  available  technology  to  optimize  and  control  assets,  increase  safety,  control  the  grid,  and  keep  the  lights  on.  two  examples  of  iot  usage  in  the  electric  power  industry  are  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  and  advanced  metering  infrastructure  ami.  scada  :  the  iots  roots  in  the  industry  stretch  back  to  the  early  1950s.  then,  the  use  of  scada  allowed  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement centralized  monitoring  and  control  of  faroff  generation  and  transmission  systems.  scada  is  composed  of  sensors  and  actuators  communicating  with  and  controlled  by  a  central  master  unit,  and  provides  a  user  interface  through  a  humanmachine  interface.  the  system  captures  timestamped  data  for  later  analysis.  ami  :  ami  is  a  twoway  communication  system  of  smart  devices  on  both  the  utility  and  customer  sides  of  the  meter.  consisting  of  home  area  networks,  inhome  displays,  energy  management  systems,  smart  meters,  communications  networks,  and  data  management  systems,  ami  is  a  key  component  of  the  smart  grid.  advances  in  computing,  databases,  and  analytical  tools  now  allow
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  rapid  application  of  predictive  and  prescriptive  analytics  to  large  volumes  of  scada,  ami,  and  data  from  other  commercial  and  consumer  iot  devices.  the  unprecedented  convergence  of  forces  reshaping  the  electric  power  industryfrom  moderating  demand  and  aging  infrastructure  to  environmental  mandates  and  the  proliferation  of  distributed  energy  resources  derrequires  an  increasingly  flexible  and  robust  grid.  the  grid  is  evolving  from  a  oneway  system  where  power  flows  from  centralized  generation  stations  to  consumers,  to  a  platform  that  can  detect,  accept,  and  control  decentralized  consumption  and  production  assets  so  that  power  and  information  can  flow  as  needed  in  multiple  directions.  this  common
__label__energymonitoringmanagement industry  vision  is  known  as  the  intelligent  grid.  this  intelligent  grid  builds  on  the  industrys  innovative  heritage  of  increasing  interconnectedness  using  sensors,  smart  devices,  and  networked  operations.  achieving  it  will  require  a  myriad  of  technologies,  including  numerous  iot  applications.  at  the  heart  of  these  advances  are  exponential  technologies  like  sensors,  robotics,  and  advanced  analytics,  which  together  form  advanced,  interconnected  systems  capable  of  quickly  analyzing  large  amounts  of  data  see  sidebar.  these  critical  systems  are  the  sensory  organs,  nerves,  and  brains  capable  of  giving  our  electric  system  the  flexibility  and  agility  necessary  to  enable  ideas  like  a  selfhealing  grid  and  plugandplay
__label__energymonitoringmanagement generationan  intelligent  grid.  exponential  improvement  in  core  digital  technologies  is  fueling  accelerated  innovation.  the  costperformance  curve  of  three  core  digital  technology  building  blockscomputing  power,  data  storage,  and  bandwidth  utilizationhas  been  improving  at  an  exponential  rate  for  many  years.  as  the  rate  of  improvement  accelerates,  we  are  experiencing  rapid  advances  in  the  innovations  built  on  top  of  these  core  exponential  technologies.  the  current  pace  of  technological  advance  is  unprecedented  in  history.  john  hagel  iii,  et  al.,  from  exponential  technologies  to  exponential  innovation  ,  deloitte  university  press  the  hype  surrounding  new  technologies  makes  identifying  the  right  investments  difficult.  and  an  evolving  regulatory
__label__energymonitoringmanagement policy  continues  to  influence  the  equation.  it  is  more  than  likely  that  utility  planners  will  have  to  stem  rate  growth  and  increase  grid  flexibility  by  focusing  capital  planning,  performance  management,  and  operations  on  innovative  ways  to  increase  asset  utilization,  system  reliability,  and  operating  margin.  iot  technologies  are  playing,  and  will  continue  to  play,  a  key  role.  the  challenge  is  charting  a  path  to  achieve  the  intelligent  grid  vision.  meeting  this  challenge  requires  tuning  out  the  noise  about  industry  disruption  in  order  to  identify  and  seize  the  opportunities  that  iot  technologies  enable.  to  realize  the  full  potential  of  iot  technologies,  we
__label__energymonitoringmanagement need  to  understand  how  to  create  and  capture  value  from  information.  the  information  value  loop  ivl  provides  a  framework  to  guide  us  see  figure  1.  it  helps  identify  where  information  bottlenecks  exist  and  what  technologies  can  relieve  them  to  create  value.  in  sum,  the  ivl  can  help  utilities  develop  a  roadmap  to  achieve  their  intelligent  grid  visions.  the  suite  of  technologies  that  enables  the  iot  promises  to  turn  almost  any  object  into  a  source  of  information  about  that  object.  this  creates  both  a  new  way  to  differentiate  products  and  services  and  a  new  source  of  value  that  can  be  managed
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  its  own  right.  realizing  the  iots  full  potential  motivates  a  framework  that  captures  the  series  and  sequence  of  activities  through  which  organizations  create  value  from  information:  the  information  value  loop.  note  first  that  the  value  loop  is  a  loop  :  an  actionthe  state  or  behavior  of  things  in  the  real  worldgives  rise  to  information,  which  then  gets  manipulated  in  order  to  inform  future  action.  for  information  to  complete  the  loop  and  create  value,  it  has  to  pass  through  the  stages  of  the  loop,  each  stage  enabled  by  specific  technologies  .  an  act  is  monitored  by  a  sensor  ,  which
__label__energymonitoringmanagement creates  information.  that  information  passes  through  a  network  so  that  it  can  be  communicated  ,  and  standards  technical,  legal,  regulatory,  or  socialallow  that  information  to  be  aggregated  across  time  and  space.  augmented  intelligence  is  a  generic  term  meant  to  capture  all  manner  of  analytical  support,  which  collectively  is  used  to  analyze  information.  the  loop  is  completed  via  augmented  behavior  technologies  that  either  enable  automated  autonomous  action  or  shape  human  decisions  in  a  manner  that  leads  to  improved  action.  the  amount  of  value  created  by  information  passing  through  the  loop  is  a  function  of  the  value  drivers  identified  in  the  middle.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement falling  into  three  generic  categoriesmagnitude,  risk,  and  timethe  specific  drivers  listed  are  not  exhaustive,  only  illustrative.  different  applications  will  benefit  from  an  emphasis  on  different  drivers.  the  ivl  provides  a  guide  to  identify  business  value  and  capture  that  value  through  action.  it  maps  the  flow  of  information  through  five  stages:  create,  communicate,  aggregate,  analyze,  and  act.  it  is  important  to  realize  that  information  must  complete  the  loop  before  any  value  inherent  in  that  information  can  be  captured  through  informed  action.  even  though  one  or  more  of  the  ivl  stages  may  be  minimized,  each  stage  must  be  traversed  before  value  can
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  extracted.  this  point  is  important  and  deserves  exploration  to  illustrate  the  interaction  of  ivl  stages,  technologies,  and  value  drivers.  information  bottleneck  :  information  flow  can  be  inhibited  by  insufficiencies  in  ivl  stages  or  technologies.  for  example,  implementing  poorly  planned  or  executed  data  standards  can  seriously  impact  value  capture  by  not  allowing  action  based  on  accurate  or  complete  information  aggregation  and  analysis.  in  this  case,  information  can  flow  completely  around  the  loop,  but  the  value  that  can  be  captured  may  be  minimal.  value  drivers  :  the  technologies  and  stages  of  the  ivl  may  be  fully  operational  and  wellimplemented,  but  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement value  of  the  information  captured  may  differ  due  to  differing  value  drivers.  for  example,  consider  magnitude:  there  is  some  value  in  a  single  smart  meter  generating  a  power  out  message  that  is  communicated  around  the  ivl  for  action.  but  there  is  much  more  value  in  one  million  smart  meters  reporting  their  power  status  through  the  ivl  for  aggregation  and  analysis,  generating  a  service  area  view  for  outage  remediation  after  a  storm.  in  this  case,  the  two  scenarios  are  operating  in  exactly  the  same  loop  using  the  same  technologies;  the  value  drivermagnitudeis  the  only  difference.  given  the  available  choices  and  dynamics
__label__energymonitoringmanagement affecting  grid  modernization,  the  ivl  is  useful  for  analyzing  decision  points  along  the  path  to  a  more  intelligent,  iotenabled  grid.  the  ivl  is  a  tool  to  evaluate  iot  investment  options  by  determining  where  and  how  value  can  be  created.  the  planning  processes  leading  up  to  the  deployment  of  ami  is  a  good  example.  the  original  business  cases  for  ami  focused  on  its  pointofsale  advantages.  however,  smart  meters  are  more  than  pointofsale  devicesthey  are  grid  sensors  that  support  demand  response,  voltage  management,  outage  management,  accelerated  restoration,  and  overall  operational  efficiency.  soon  after  many  utilities  deployed  ami,  operators  discovered  benefits  within  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement meter  data  streams.  what  was  intended  to  be  a  customerservice  asset  is  being  used  by  system  operators  to  more  effectively  operate  the  electric  delivery  system.  had  utilities  applied  the  ivl  framework  to  the  original  ami  business  cases,  they  likely  would  have  included  additional  opportunities  to  more  rapidly  capture  a  wider  range  of  benefits.  described  in  terms  of  the  value  loop,  ami  initially  focused  on  the  right  side  of  the  loopsensor,  network,  and  standards  technologies  and  the  create,  communicate,  and  aggregate  stages.  minimal  attention  was  given  to  the  left  side  of  the  loopaugmented  intelligence  and  behavior  technologies  and  the  analyze  stage.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  limited  the  value  of  the  business  cases  used  to  rationalize  the  deployment  of  ami  and  perhaps  delayed  the  realization  of  value  beyond  that  of  pointofsale  functionality.  applying  the  ivl  effectively  requires  a  vision  for  realizing  the  intelligent  grid.  our  view  is  that  the  electric  grid  should  modernize  in  three  phases,  which  we  refer  to  as  the  resilience  ,  enablement  ,  and  competition/optimization  phases  see  figure  2.  the  iot  technologies  and  business  opportunities  represented  by  the  three  phases  are  additive  and  will  likely  occur  at  varying  paces  across  the  country  depending  on  a  number  of  factors,  including  regulatory  and  political
__label__energymonitoringmanagement motivation,  the  retail  price  of  electricity,  and  customer  preferences.  however,  each  application  of  the  ivl  to  an  iot  technology  in  a  modernization  phase  is  unique  and  should  be  evaluated  independently.  the  following  sections  outline  the  three  phases  of  grid  modernization,  highlight  specific  examples  of  iot  technologies  that  could  be  leveraged  within  each  one,  and  follow  the  paths  of  relevant  information  around  the  ivl  to  create  value.  the  initial  phase  of  grid  modernization  is  resilience  .  resilience  is  about  grid  reliability  and  durability,  a  goal  made  more  difficult  by  the  growing  trend  toward  decentralized  energy  resources.  as  a  result,  reliability  cannot
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  assured  merely  by  keeping  existing  facilities  running  and  within  operating  parameters.  rather,  resilience  requires  knowledge  of  the  state  of  the  grid  that  can  come  only  from  the  ubiquitous  deployment  of  a  wide  variety  of  networked  sensors  and  control  devices  across  the  grid  communicating  via  standardsbased  protocols.  ultimately,  the  distribution  grid  will  need  the  flexibility  and  agility  to  accommodate  all  types  of  distributed  energy  resources  or  der  see  sidebar.  however,  without  the  necessary  standards  in  categories  like  data,  communications,  network,  and  security,  a  resilient  system  is  unlikely.  the  legacy  power  delivery  system  is  oneway.  large  power  stations  located  outside  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement population  centers  produce  power,  which  is  shipped  in  bulk  across  transmission  lines  to  cities  and  industrial  locations,  where  distribution  systems  then  deliver  power  to  customers.  because  the  current  system  generally  has  no  ability  to  store  electricity,  grid  operators  are  constantly  balancing  the  amount  of  centrally  generated  electricity  injected  into  the  system  with  demand.  the  introduction  of  large  numbers  of  decentralized,  uncontrolled,  and  unmonitored  generators  could  threaten  this  balance,  degrade  power  quality,  or  even  potentially  endanger  the  grid  and  the  public.  creating  a  system  that  can  move  power  efficiently  and  safely  in  any  direction  based  on  fluctuating  internal  and  external  factors
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  resources  increases  system  complexity  and  operational  risk  for  utilities.  retrofitting  the  system  for  twoway  power  flows  and  the  introduction  of  ders  creates  significant  hardware,  software,  and  data  management  challenges.  the  scope,  scale,  and  frequency  of  the  information  required  to  operate  safely,  securely,  economically,  and  in  an  environmentally  friendly  manner  is  significant.  making  sense  of  all  this  information  so  that  operators  can  maintain  the  system  requires  common  communications  and  operating  standards.  the  state  of  california  is  pushing  beyond  its  original  renewable  energy  portfolio  target  of  30  percent  in  2020  to  50  percent  by  2030.  a  core  component  of  this  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  addition  of  12,000  mw  of  power  from  ders  by  2020.  a  device  critical  to  integrating  ders  on  this  scale  with  the  grid  is  the  power  inverter,  which  transforms  electricity  from  direct  current  to  alternating  current  so  that  it  can  be  injected  into  the  grid  for  consumption.  however,  these  products  lack  the  external  control  functions  and  communications  standards  necessary  to  facilitate  mass  integration  into  the  grid.  from  an  operational  perspective,  this  lack  of  standards  limits  the  number  of  ders  that  can  be  interconnected  without  risking  safety  and  grid  stability.  thus,  an  ivl  bottleneck  exists  between  the  communicate  and  aggregate  stages
__label__energymonitoringmanagement at  standards  technology  see  figure  3.  a  lack  of  common  standards  makes  it  extremely  difficult  to  aggregate  data,  while  nonstandard  control  and  monitoring  signals  make  widespread  der  difficult  to  integrate  into  the  grid.  however,  solutions  to  this  challenge  may  be  emerging.  adding  iot  technology  to  an  inverter  can  enable  intelligent  automated  local  actions  and  standardsbased  monitoring  and  control  of  the  device,  making  it  a  smart  inverter.  indeed,  the  california  public  utility  commission  rule  21  smart  inverter  working  group  was  formed  in  2013.  on  december  18,  2014,  the  group  adopted  the  first  smartinverter  recommendations.  the  group  continues  its  work  today,  supporting
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  ambitious  targets  of  californias  renewable  portfolio  standard.  creating  a  common  set  of  functions  and  communications  requirements  for  smart  inverters  addresses  the  need  for  information  about  a  ders  status  and  available  capacity  on  the  grid  at  any  given  time.  it  also  creates  the  connectivity  needed  to  control  and  manage  these  resources.  value  drivers  include:  magnitude  risk  time  collectively,  these  value  drivers  generate  a  number  of  benefits  beyond  preserving  grid  resiliency,  including  reduced  interconnection  costs.  smartinverter  standards  can  also  turn  ders  into  local  voltage  support  resources  for  grid  operators  to  leverage.  these  standards  may  enable  aggregators  to  create  opportunities  for  owners
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  ders  of  all  sizes  to  participate  in  the  electric  wholesale  market  and  maximize  the  value  of  their  individual  investments  while  protecting  grid  stability.  at  the  same  time,  utilities  could  productize  interconnection  and  ders  to  pursue  revenue  opportunities  by  leveraging  a  potential  competitive  advantage.  the  second  phase  is  enablement  ,  in  which  the  aggregation  and  analysis  of  collected  data  enable  augmented  intelligence  and  new  insights  into  grid  operations  and  customer  interactions.  this  phase  is  all  about  the  formation  of  a  platform  capable  of  interconnecting  all  manner  of  resources,  utility  and  thirdpartyowned,  including  consumption  and  production  assets  that  may  operate  intermittently.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement enablement  is  about  more  than  the  technical  aspects;  while  they  are  beyond  the  scope  of  this  paper,  it  also  includes  customer,  regulatory,  and  procedural  influences,  all  factors  required  to  achieve  a  plugandplay  system.  terms  such  as  selfhealing  grid  create  promising  images  of  autonomous  systems  with  limited  humanintheloop  processes.  system  faults  are  mitigated  through  a  combination  of  automated  switching,  dispatch  of  ders,  coordinated  demand  response,  and  management  without  intervention  by  operators  in  the  control  room.  some  of  this  is  possible  today.  solutions  such  as  feeder  automation  and  demandresponse  management  are  a  reality.  integrating  such  technologies  into  central  monitoring  and  controls  requires
__label__energymonitoringmanagement an  application  that  can  manage  these  systems  of  systems.  each  of  the  current  solutions  broadcasts  data  to  aggregation  points,  and  humans  must  act  as  information  integrators  and  decisionmakers.  the  role  of  humans  in  these  solutions  is  suboptimal,  since  most  of  the  physical  properties  of  the  grid  require  millisecond  decision  cycles  to  avoid  inefficient  or  unsafe  configurations  of  electrical  circuits  or  distribution  equipment.  distribution  system  operators  need  control  points  that  eliminate  the  need  for  human  interaction  and  can  handle  the  increasing  number  of  iotenabled  devices  and  applications  within  the  grid.  these  control  points  must  manage  customer  and  thirdpartyowned  assets  as  well
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  utility  assets.  the  rapid  rise  of  grid  complexity  and  the  accompanying  operational  systems  is  quickly  outpacing  the  grid  operators  ability  to  quickly  and  effectively  assess  a  situation,  create  a  plan  of  action,  and  execute  that  plan.  the  various  operations  systems  that  must  be  consulted  to  operate  the  grid  are  often  independent,  standalone  systems  with  little  or  no  ability  to  programmatically  exchange  data.  this  creates  a  bottleneck  in  the  ivl  at  the  aggregate  stage  figure  4.  relieving  the  bottleneck  in  aggregating  data  from  these  diverse  sources  allows  analysis  and  augmented  behavior  based  on  a  more  holistic  situational  awareness.  this  heightened
__label__energymonitoringmanagement situational  awareness  is  necessary  to  optimize  distributed  resources  and  the  embedded  iot  technologies  to  increase  overall  grid  efficiency.  advanced  distribution  management  systems  adms  are  an  iot  technology  that  solution  providers  are  developing  to  achieve  this  level  of  situational  awareness.  an  adms  is  an  integrated  software  application  that  takes  advantage  of  new  and  existing  applications  to  create  a  unified  monitoring  and  control  system.  this  control  system  is  required  to  maintain  reliability,  leverage  all  manner  of  embedded  systems  and  distributed  resources,  and  safeguard  property  and  people  from  the  variability  inherent  in  a  modern  grid.  adms  is  important  to  achieving  the  intelligent  grid,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement evident  through  the  potential  that  exists  across  all  three  value  loop  drivers.  magnitude  risk  time  for  utility  operations,  an  admss  collective  value  is  substantial.  to  capitalize  on  this  potential,  some  utilities  are  working  with  application  providers  to  develop  an  adms  collaboratively;  others  may  want  to  consider  doing  so.  the  potential  value  that  such  a  system  unlocks  could  represent  the  turning  point  where  the  concept  of  an  intelligent  grid  becomes  a  reality.  an  adms  can  provide  utilities  with  the  intelligence  to  focus  on  detailed  asset  optimization  and  operating  margin  improvements.  at  the  same  time,  such  a  system  provides  operators  with  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement intelligence  needed  to  integrate  customer  and  thirdparty  resources  confidently.  implementing  an  adms  opens  a  new  world  of  opportunities.  for  example,  with  an  adms  in  place,  outage  response  could  automatically  dispatch  a  crew  to  a  specific  set  of  assets  at  an  exact  location  on  the  grid.  reliable  remote  diagnosis  of  the  problem  would  decrease  the  time  and  cost  of  restoration.  the  challenge  may  very  well  be  for  utilities  to  set  specific  performance  outcomes  for  an  adms  investment,  assign  accountabilities,  and  then  manage  the  deployment  to  capture  value.  the  final  phase  opens  new  methods  of  optimization,  which,  in  turn,  enable  the  utility
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  better  support  and  thrive  in  newly  competitive  business  landscapes  and  markets.  using  the  data  and  insights  generated  in  the  enablement  phase,  grid  stakeholders  are  able  to  make  informed  business  decisions.  interoperability  across  the  meter  from  the  utility  to  the  customer  enables  new  optimization  capabilities  and  a  more  efficient  use  of  resources.  cooperation  and  competition  increase  system  efficiency,  provide  options,  and  drive  value  to  all  internal  and  external  utility  stakeholders.  here,  all  stakeholders  including  utilities,  competitors,  and  customers  are  able  to  change  their  behaviors  based  on  enhanced  intelligence  and  sound  data.  these  behaviors  will  be  adjusted  based  on  the  introduction
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  exponential  technologies  that  advance  efficiencies  and  weed  out  less  effective  solutions.  embedded  supply  and  demand  resources  are  growing  in  number,  and  the  owners  of  these  ders  will  require  that  the  utility  work  with  them  to  optimize  the  utilization  of  their  resources.  at  the  same  time,  societal  and  regulatory  trends  are  driving  utilities  to  lower  costs  and  provide  cleaner  power.  stakeholder  perspective  drives  decisions  on  asset  optimization  targets  and  methods.  for  example,  a  utility,  a  residential  customer,  and  a  technology  company  facility  manager  may  all  have  different  grid  optimization  priorities.  at  the  same  time,  many  utilities  are  facing  an  explosion
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  grid  complexity  and  optimization  challenges;  many  are  being  asked  to  facilitate  and  participate  in  new  business  and  operational  environments.  for  example,  the  new  york  public  service  commission  is  transforming  the  states  utility  regulatory  system  with  its  reforming  the  energy  vision  plan,  based  on  creating  a  marketplace  with  a  comprehensive  catalog  of  energy  products  and  services  for  all  customers.  this  mandate  has  the  effect  of  making  the  utility  a  participant  in  a  new  competitive  and  cooperative  landscape.  these  new  market  dynamics  will  pose  serious  business  decision  challenges  for  utilities.  capital  expenditure  decisions  that  were  previously  clearcut  will  now  have  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement take  a  multitude  of  new  factors  into  consideration.  an  intelligent  platform  such  as  an  adms,  composed  of  various  iot  technologies  and  solutions,  can  provide  the  necessary  grid  intelligence  to  facilitate  stakeholder  perspectivedriven  optimization  decisions.  animating  an  effective  market  requires  equal  transparency  for  all  market  participants  and  powerful  optimization  tools  to  maximize  and  protect  investments.  one  piece  of  information  that  each  utility  will  need  to  provide  to  support  the  market  and  make  its  own  investment  decisions  is  locational  system  performance.  this  intelligence  enables  decisions  about  what  assets  are  needed  and  where.  for  the  utility,  it  means  a  feederlevel  profitability  assessment  tool
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  needed  to  evaluate  which  investments  make  sense  and  which  are  better  suited  for  the  market  to  satisfy.  the  need  for  these  new  analytical  tools  represents  a  bottleneck  at  the  analyze  stage,  which  exists  because  legacy  thinking  assumes  the  utility  will  invest  in  all  grid  assets,  rather  than  analyzing  alternatives  and  choosing  the  optimal  path  see  figure  5.  iotenabled  tools  are  needed  to  provide  utilities  with  the  decision  criteria  to  determine  when,  where,  and  what  investments  in  the  grid  are  profitable  versus  when  to  encourage  others  to  make  investments,  leading  to  an  overall  ecosystem  of  players  in  and  around  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement grid.  locational  systemperformance  evaluation  drives  profitability  decisions  down  to  the  circuit  level.  this  approach  makes  sense  for  the  utility  because  it  aligns  costs,  benefits,  and  risks  better  than  a  systemlevel  approach  to  investment  planning.  magnitude  risk  time  like  the  decentralization  of  the  grid,  a  more  granular  profitability  lens  increases  awareness  and  decision  agility.  for  example,  a  pocket  of  rooftop  solar  owners  at  the  end  of  a  distribution  line  are  experiencing  power  reliability  and  quality  problems.  the  solar  owners  may  be  motivated  to  invest  in  localized  storage  solutions  to  maximize  their  solar  investment  and  to  ensure  power  stability  at  their  location.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  utility  will  also  be  motivated  to  reinforce  the  line  to  minimize  potential  damage  to  equipment  and  outages  up  and  down  the  line.  both  approaches  improve  the  customers  power  reliability,  but  one  may  provide  more  of  a  utility  profit  opportunity  than  the  other.  if  the  utility  has  the  information  to  make  a  profitability  decision  for  the  line  in  question,  a  clear  choice  may  present  itself.  in  this  case,  the  utility  might  find  it  is  more  profitable  not  to  invest  heavily  in  reinforcing  the  line  but,  rather,  to  support  and  encourage  the  localized  storage  solution.  and  the  utility  may  offer  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement facilitate,  finance,  install,  and/or  maintain  that  storage  solution  as  a  way  to  enhance  customer  value  and  capture  new  revenues.  making  profitability  decisions  at  the  circuit  level  will  be  new  and  challenging  for  utilities  and  regulators.  however,  the  iotenabled  smart  grid,  coupled  with  new  business  perspectives,  will  make  it  possible  for  the  utility  to  unlock  greater  efficiencies  as  well  as  offer  potential  for  new  revenue  opportunities.  while  the  innovations  of  the  iot  are  made  possible  by  technological  advancements,  it  will  take  more  than  technology  to  achieve  these  visions  for  the  future.  innovation  by  its  nature  challenges  accepted  practices,  and  this  requires
__label__energymonitoringmanagement adjusting  the  capability  mix  as  well  as  the  components  within  capabilities.  deloitte  defines  a  capability  as  a  purposeful  combination  of  technology,  talent,  processes,  decision  flows,  and  decision  rights  .  for  example,  inbound  customer  service  is  a  common  capability  seen  in  most  utilities  and  other  companies.  so  far,  our  focus  has  been  on  technology.  but  it  is  important  to  recognize  that  capturing  the  full  value  of  iot  investments  will  require  more  than  effective  technology  procurement  and  implementation;  it  will  likely  require  architecting  a  new  operating  model.  one  of  the  more  difficult  capability  dimensions  to  adjust  is  the  skills  matrix  of  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement business.  unlike  redesigning  a  process  or  procuring  a  new  technology,  shifting  to  a  different  mix  of  talent  can  take  years,  depending  on  current  workforce  constraints,  institutional  will,  and  even  political  winds.  for  technology  to  be  useful,  a  company  needs  employees  that  can  use  the  technology.  one  bottleneck  that  exists  across  all  stages  of  the  value  loop  and  across  all  phases  of  electric  utility  transformation  is  the  need  for  a  utility  workforce  that  understands  the  implications  of  iot  technology  and  has  the  mindset  to  create,  absorb,  and  adapt  to  the  resulting  augmented  intelligence/behaviors.  while  many  observers  have  commented  on  aging  workforce
__label__energymonitoringmanagement issues  in  the  electric  utility  industry,  the  iot  poses  the  additional  challenge  of  attracting,  developing,  and  retaining  the  nextgeneration  workforce,  a  workforce  that  is  comfortable  with  the  pace,  magnitude,  and  risk  of  iotdriven  changes.  nextgeneration  utility  staff  need  to  know  not  only  the  physics  of  the  grid  but  also  the  operation  of  sophisticated  monitoring,  control,  and  analytical  systems.  the  rising  number  of  systems  involved  in  the  grid  means  troubleshooting  faults  will  involve  marshaling  multidisciplinary  teams  composed  of  everyone,  from  data  scientists  to  linemen.  in  addition  to  the  technical  skills  required,  the  leadership  skills  to  organize,  direct,  and  inspire  complicated  teams
__label__energymonitoringmanagement are  a  new  imperative.  this  may  require  a  transformation  of  how  learning  is  done  within  the  utility.  in  short,  the  workforce  of  the  future  is  a  critical  success  factor  for  todays  development  of  the  intelligent  grid.  many  utilities  see  this  as  a  recruiting  opportunity  to  reignite  career  interest  in  the  industry.  it  is  a  chance  to  offer  those  entering  the  workforce  opportunities  to  learn  cuttingedge  skills  and  be  a  part  of  an  industry  that  is  modernizing  rapidly.  in  many  cases,  the  skills  needed  to  support  the  new  and  sophisticated  backoffice  and  operational  systems  are  in  extremely  high  demand  in  other
__label__energymonitoringmanagement industries.  utilities  also  have  a  geographic  challenge  in  being  distributed  across  the  country  and  having  to  compete  for  the  workforce  of  tomorrow  with  highdemand  locations  such  as  san  francisco  or  new  york.  for  many  utilities,  this  kind  of  recruiting  competition  is  not  part  of  their  culture,  meaning  that  leadership  must  think  about  the  companys  talent  brand,  its  tie  to  the  companys  brand,  and  how  to  use  this  as  a  recruiting  advantage.  in  short,  utilities  must  compete  strongly  for  the  skills  required  to  support  evermore  complex  core  utility  systems.  innovation  is  part  of  the  electric  utility  heritage.  tapping  into  this  tradition
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  essential  to  meet  todays  challenges  and  create  a  more  intelligent  grid.  the  iot  offers  exponential  technologies  that  utilities  can  deploy  and  leverage  to  find  new  ways  to  explore  and  extract  incremental  value  from  the  intelligent  grid.  however,  the  path  forward  is  not  always  clear.  the  information  value  loop  provides  a  structured  framework  to  help  understand  how  to  create  and  capture  value  from  information  in  order  to  more  clearly  define  the  road  ahead.  applying  the  value  loop  to  electric  utilities,  we  see  three  key  phases  in  the  further  adoption  of  and  value  realization  from  iot  technology:  resilience  enablement  optimization  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement competition  every  electric  utility  must  evaluate  its  own  path  to  value  realization  through  iot  technology  based  upon  its  starting  point  and  a  thorough  evaluation  of  whats  next?  it  is  important  that  management  does  not  focus  entirely  on  technologyrather,  technology  needs  to  be  considered  and  planned  for  within  the  context  of  a  utilitys  capability  model.  the  utilitys  barriers  to  the  adoption  of  these  new  iot  tools  can  be  high,  but  the  risk  and  cost  of  not  pursuing  them  is  greater.  deloittes  internet  of  things  practice  enables  organizations  to  identify  where  the  iot  can  potentially  create  value  in  their  industry  and  develop
__label__energymonitoringmanagement strategies  to  capture  that  value,  utilizing  iot  for  operational  benefit.  to  learn  more  about  deloittes  iot  practice,  visit  .  read  more  of  our  research  and  thought  leadership  on  the  iot  at  .  the  deloitte  center  for  energy  solutions  the  center  provides  a  forum  for  innovation,  thought  leadership,  groundbreaking  research,  and  industry  collaboration  to  help  companies  solve  the  most  complex  energy  challenges.  through  the  center,  deloittes  energy  resources  group  leads  the  debate  on  critical  topics  on  the  minds  of  executivesfrom  the  impact  of  legislative  and  regulatory  policy  to  operational  efficiency  to  sustainable  and  profitable  growth.  we  provide  comprehensive  solutions  through  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement global  network  of  specialists  and  thought  leaders.  with  locations  in  houston  and  washington,  dc,  the  center  offers  interaction  through  seminars,  roundtables,  and  other  forms  of  engagement  where  established  and  growing  companies  can  come  together  to  learn,  discuss,  and  debate.  for  more  information,  visit  us  at  www.deloitte.com/us/energysolutions.  deloitte4energy  written  by:  ,  ,  the  authors  would  like  to  thank  ,  senior  manager,  and  ,  lead  analyst,  market  insights,  deloitte  services  lp;  ,  director,  deloitte  consulting  llp;  and  ,  executive  director  of  deloittes  center  for  energy  solutions,  deloitte  services  lp,  for  their  review,  feedback,  and  support  throughout  the  research  and  drafting  process.  cost
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  service  regulation  in  the  investorowned  electric  utility  industrya  history  of  adaptation  annual  energy  outlook  2015  beyond  the  math:  preparing  for  disruption  and  innovation  in  the  us  electric  power  industry  gartners  2014  hype  cycle  for  emerging  technologies  maps  the  journey  to  digital  business  deloitte  review  contributions  of  supply  and  demand  resources  to  required  power  system  reliability  services,  architecting  the  operating  model  of  the  future:  enterprise  model  design  share  article  highlights  see  something  interesting?  simply  select  text  and  choose  how  to  share  it:  has  been  added  to  your  bookmarks.  has  been  removed  from  your  bookmarks.  an  article  titled  already  exists  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  bookmark  library  or  social  login  not  available  on  microsoft  edge  browser  at  this  time.  connect  your  social  accounts  or  services  industries  careers  2019.  see  for  more  information.  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  deloitte  touche  tohmatsu  limited,  a  uk  private  company  limited  by  guarantee  dttl,  its  network  of  member  firms,  and  their  related  entities.  dttl  and  each  of  its  member  firms  are  legally  separate  and  independent  entities.  dttl  also  referred  to  as  deloitte  global  does  not  provide  services  to  clients.  in  the  united  states,  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  the  us  member  firms  of  dttl,  their
__label__energymonitoringmanagement related  entities  that  operate  using  the  deloitte  name  in  the  united  states  and  their  respective  affiliates.  certain  services  may  not  be  available  to  attest  clients  under  the  rules  and  regulations  of  public  accounting.  please  see  to  learn  more  about  our  global  network  of  member  firms.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  such,  the  timescale  and  rate  of  growth  for  these  devices  differs  wildly  between  various  research  and  auditing  companies  forecasts  that  by  2020  there  will  be  upwards  of  20  billion  iot  connected  devices,  yet  raises  that  to  200  billion  in  the  same  time  frame.  whatever  the  eventual  number  of  devices,  we  can  all  agree  that  it  is  a  lot.  the  ongoing  implementation  of  iot  infrastructure  will  drive  a  fundamental  shift  in  energy  consumption  and  management.  on  the  one  hand,  connected  devices  and  their  capabilities  in  monitoring  and  analysis  of  machinery  allow  for  ambitious  energy  saving  techniques,  at  both  a  consumer
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  industrial  level.  on  the  other  hand,  the  sheer  number  of  devices  running  on  wireless  networks,  added  to  the  data  centres  they  are  connected  to,  poses  an  issue  of  theoretically  vast  energy  consumption.  bdj  spoke  with  two  iot  experts  to  get  their  insights  into  the  changing  nature  of  iot  energy  consumption  andy  stanfordclark,  cto  at  ibm  for  the  uk  and  ireland,  an  ibm  master  inventor  and  distinguished  engineer  for  the  ibm  watson  internet  of  things  platform,  and  stacey  higginbotham,  former  senior  editor  at  fortune  and  creator  of  the  influential  iot  podcast.  an  increase  in  iot  devices  and  larger  networks  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement accommodate  them  will  naturally  produce  a  vast  amount  of  data  that  will  need  to  be  transmitted  and  stored.  determined  that  without  advances  in  efficiency,  the  combined  ict  industries  could  consume  20  of  all  the  worlds  electricity  by  2025,  and  be  responsible  for  up  to  5.5  of  all  carbon  emissions.  the  question  is,  can  the  established  infrastructure  cope  with  this  energy  demand?  the  increase  comes  at  a  time  when  economic,  political  and  social  movements  are  focusing  on  emissions  targets  and  the  drive  towards  renewable  sources  of  energy.  the  infrastructure  is  already  evolving  to  deal  with  the  conflicting  demands  of  more  devices
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  the  need  to  use  less  power,  andy  explains.  the  power  grid  is  rapidly  adopting  new  technologies  for  load  balancing,  load  shedding,  peak  shaving,  demand  response,  and  power  storage  technologies  that  help  to  balance  out  the  intermittency  of  renewable  generation  against  the  demands  we  place  on  the  power  grid  as  consumers.  managing  the  charging  of  electric  vehicles,  for  example,  will  be  essential  to  ensure  we  dont  overload  the  power  network  when  we  all  come  home  from  work,  plug  our  ev  to  charge,  and  turn  on  the  cooker  to  make  dinner  at  6pm  each  evening.  stacey  also  sees  the  shift  away
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  fossil  fuels  for  energy  generation  as  beneficial  for  the  overall  .  the  switch  to  renewable  will  actually  lead  to  the  demand  for  more  connectivity,  she  says.  this  is  because  that  will  help  us  get  an  accurate  projection  of  demand  and  let  us  anticipate  what  we  need  on  normal  days.  when  catastrophes  happen,  well  also  be  better  able  to  track  usage  and  figure  out  what  its  from  and  shut  off  nonessential  uses.  additionally,  the  iot  should  help  prevent  unplanned  equipment  failures  in  utilities  that  could  help  reduce  emergencies.  of  course,  a  global  shift  towards  renewable  sources  of  energy  has  not
__label__energymonitoringmanagement been  realised  on  a  comprehensive  scale  as  of  yet.  the  rate  of  iot  device  propagation,  though,  will  not  likely  slow  to  accommodate  a  change  in  energy  generation  methods.  how,  then,  can  the  iot  achieve  realistic  handling  of  its  logistical  demands  in  this  period  when  the  fundamental  aspects  of  energy  generation  are  changing?  the  answer,  according  to  stacey,  is  in  the  software:  we  should  focus  on  building  energyefficient  software,  focusing  on  energy  harvesting  technology  for  sensors  and  the  overall  optimisation  of  data  center  gear  to  cut  energy  demand.  while  the  growth  of  wireless  networkenabled  smart  devices  is  set  to  skyrocket,  thereby
__label__energymonitoringmanagement increasing  energy  demands,  there  is  scope  to  utilise  the  analysable  nature  of  these  devices  in  order  to  save  energy.  most  iot  devices  use  less  than  1  watt  of  power  when  theyre  on  standby,  andy  says.  what  well  start  to  see  more  of,  though,  is  devices  powered  by  ambient  energy  harvesting  extracting  power  from  things  like  radio  waves  in  the  air  around  us;  vibration  from  machinery,  vehicles,  etc;  heat  and  solar  energy,  etc.  therefore,  over  time,  devices  will  become  effectively  selfpowered  and  we  wont  have  to  plug  them  into  the  mains  or  change  the  batteries  every  few  months.  lower  power  radio
__label__energymonitoringmanagement communications  systems  like  ble  bluetooth  low  energy  and  lora  low  power  long  range  are  helping  this  drive,  but  reducing  the  power  demands  of  getting  data  from  the  sensors  to  the  internet.  the  potential  for  iot  connectivity  to  improve  efficiency  of  energyintensive  processes  is  far  reaching,  spanning  various  industries.  one  example  gaining  widespread  attention  is  from  an  industry  that  remains  illegal  in  many  parts  of  the  world  the  cannabis  industry.  the  energyintensive  nature  of  cultivating  cannabis  plants  has  long  been  a  large  overhead  for  professional  growers,  but  with  the  advent  of  iotenabled  sensors,  there  is  the  opportunity  to  vastly  improve  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement efficiency  of  maintaining  optimal  greenhouse  conditions.  rather  than  relying  on  manual  adjustments  to  heat  and  water  outputs,  both  large  and  small  scale  cannabis  cultivation  operations  are  installing  said  iot  sensors  to  assess  growing  conditions,  thereby  reducing  the  wastage  of  raw  materials.  these  sensors  can  also  be  used  to  gather  data  for  the  purposes  of  deeper  analysis,  in  order  to  determine  the  presence  of  microclimates  inside  the  greenhouse  that  may  affect  longerterm  cannabis  yields.  digital  twins  are  also  proving  important.  these  are  software  models  of  physical  systems,  on  which  you  can  run  whatif  scenarios  to  find  optimised  operating  models,  and  andy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement explains  we  are  seeing  them  used  more  and  more  in  order  to  compute  machine  learning  models  to  run  all  kinds  of  equipment  more  efficiently,  increase  the  operational  lifetime,  and  reduce  maintenance  costs  of  hardware.  examples  include  iron  smelters,  industrial  processes,  vehicle,  train  and  shipping  movements.  various  industries  have  proven  themselves  more  than  capable  of  facilitating  energy  efficiency  in  their  processes.  in  an  ieee  spectrum  from  september  2018,  stacey  highlighted  the  estimated  60  billion  saving  per  year  that  companies  like  google  and  amazon  had  achieved  since  the  early  2000s  by  prioritising  the  metric  of  performance  per  watt,  and  forcing  their  suppliers,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement including  intel,  to  do  the  same.  stacey  also  uses  the  example  of  the  electrical  component  manufacturer  schneider  electric,  and  their  factory  in  lexington,  kentucky.  by  incorporating  sensors  into  their  operations,  they  have  been  able  to  engage  in  detailed  analytics  of  the  manufacturing  lines,  focusing  on  the  mix  of  products  being  made,  and  in  which  order.  stacey  details  the  positive  results:  after  tweaking  the  production  mix,  the  plant  reduced  consumption  by  12  in  year  three  and  10  in  year  four.  the  entire  group  had  been  focused  on  the  processing  side,  and  now  every  process  decision  is  dictated  by  energy  savings,  says
__label__energymonitoringmanagement andy  bennett,  former  senior  vice  president  of  schneider  electrics  ecostruxure  platform,  which  drove  the  factory  innovations.  what  has  changed  in  the  last  five  years  is  the  technology  and  the  drive  and  need  to  have  a  sustainable  message.  as  the  above  examples  highlight,  the  use  of  the  analytical  power  of  iot  sensors  and  data  centres  for  the  purposes  of  energy  optimisation  is  already  a  reality,  and  could  be  extended  .  however,  the  increase  in  connected  devices  does  present  another  potential  problem  for  the  environmental  impact  of  the  iot.  the  challenge  is  more  about  ewaste  and  longevity  of  those  batteries,  stacey  says.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  un  released  a  report  in  2017,  detailing  the  scale  of  ewaste  around  the  globe,  and  the  factors  contributing  to  its  increase.  in  2016,  an  estimated  44.7  million  metric  tonnes  were  produced  globally,  working  out  at  6.1kg  per  inhabitant.  this  is  expected  to  rise  to  52.2  million  metric  tonnes  by  2025,  or  6.8kg  per  inhabitant.  a  number  of  factors  are  contributing  to  this  rise  in  ewaste.  the  number  of  mobile  cellular  and  broadband  networks  has  increased  around  the  world,  allowing  more  people  access  to  the  internet  and  therefore  increasing  the  demand  for  mobile  phones,  tablets  and  other  connected  devices.  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement prices  of  these  electrical  items  have  also  fallen,  resulting  in  consumers  buying  more  than  one  device.  the  lifecycle  of  a  smartphone  has  fallen  too,  with  an  underlying  culture  of  frequent  upgrades  and  forced  obsolescence.  the  growth  of  the  iot  has  gone  handinhand  with  the  placing  of  semiconductors  in  traditionally  dumb  items.  while  many  instances  of  this  have  offered  clear  advantages  and  consumer  uses,  e.g.  smart  watches  and  fridges,  there  have  also  been  examples  of  more  superfluous  uses  of  the  technology.  for  example,  wilson  sells  a  basketball  with  an  inbuilt  sensor  and  bluetooth  connectivity  that  tracks  users  shots  and  activity.  if
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  sensors  break,  the  logistics  of  opening  up  the  basketball  to  replace  them  are  far  less  feasible  than  opening  the  back  of  a  smartwatch  to  replace  a  battery.  extrapolate  this  out  and  items  like  this  basketball  are  an  indication  of  the  potential  scale  of  the  iotfuelled  ewaste  problem  in  years  to  come.  a  complex  symbiosis  is  apparent  when  examining  the  deployment  of  iotconnected  devices  and  their  effect  on  subsequent  largescale  energy  requirements.  intelligent  deployment  of  sensors  at  a  manufacturing  and  industrial  level  has  a  proven  track  record  of  waste  reduction  through  process  optimisation,  thereby  offsetting  the  inescapable  nature  of  more
__label__energymonitoringmanagement smart  devices  on  the  market  requiring  more  energy  to  run.  more  of  these  sensors  and  connected  devices  will  be  needed  in  various  levels  of  industry  and  manufacturing  in  order  to  conduct  the  necessary  analysis  that  creates  actionable  optimisation  that  saves  energy.  andy  explains  how  the  continued  development  of  iot  devices  also  has  the  potential  to  fundamentally  alter  ,  especially  by  introducing  machine  learning  algorithms  to  increase  efficiency:  reducing  communications  by  putting  more  intelligence  at  the  edge  of  the  network  in  the  devices  themselves  is  becoming  more  prevalent.  rather  than  streaming  lots  of  sensor  data  to  the  cloud  for  processing  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement throwing  most  of  it  away,  the  key  here  is  to  distribute  the  processing  of  the  raw  sensor  data  into  the  network  and  down  to  the  devices,  so  they  send  back  information  rather  than  data,  i.e.  useful  stuff  distilled  from  the  sea  of  raw  data.  training  machine  learning  models  will  still  need  to  be  done  in  the  cloud,  as  it  requires  heavy  computing  power  and  the  benefit  of  large  amounts  of  historical  data  from  many  devices.  but  once  youve  got  a  trained  model,  the  runtime  requirements  for  that  are  quite  modest,  and  could  even  be  burnt  into  silicon  in  a  lowpowered
__label__energymonitoringmanagement chip  in  the  sensor  device.  the  levels  to  which  the  optimisation  of  energy  expenditure  can  be  achieved,  especially  with  the  ongoing  shift  towards  more  renewable  sources  of  energy,  will  be  the  crucial  element  in  determining  the  iots  longterm  environmental  impact.  predictions  for  the  number  of  iot  devices  in  circulation  within  the  next  510  years  vary  wildly,  which  makes  almost  impossible.  it  is  difficult  to  make  accurate  predictions,  especially  about  the  future,  andy  notes.  the  problem  is  that  we  have  no  idea  what  the  killer  apps  will  be  for  iot.  if  something  is  invented  which  literally  everyone  feels  they  have  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement own,  then  that  will  push  the  numbers  up.  if  its  something  that  is  on  every  product  we  buy,  that  will  contribute  a  load  more.  as  the  internet  of  things  has  developed,  as  have  the  myriad  smart  products  riding  the  wave  of  hype  around  it.  smart  fridges  and  smart  watches  have  been  the  typical  examples  used  when  people  explain  the  consumer  use  cases  for  iot  technology,  but  not  every  solution  is  so  well  received.  products  that  broadly  fall  under  the  umbrella  range  from  the  fanciful  to  the  outright  ridiculous,  with  connectivity  for  connectivitys  sake  affecting  everything  from  hairbrushes  to  condoms.  one
__label__energymonitoringmanagement example  is  hidratespark,  a  water  bottle  that  tracks  your  water  intake  and  glows  to  remind  you  to  drink  it.  it  raised  over  600,000,  but  has  been  largely  ridiculed.  a  water  bottle  simply  does  not  have  to  be  smart  not  having  to  remember  to  drink  water  is  the  products  main  selling  point,  something  you  should  probably  do  anyway.  egg  minder  will  let  you  know  when  youre  running  low  on  eggs  and  even  how  fresh  your  eggs  are,  a  groundbreaking  replacement  for  checking  the  box  for  the  quantity  and  expiry  dates.  trakz  is  a  fitness  tracker  for  your  pet,  which  can  tell
__label__energymonitoringmanagement our  government  and  the  energy  industry  are  revved  upabout  the  hoped  for  energy  saving  opportunities  the  iot  and  smart  grid  may  provide.  armed  with  an  astronomical  amount  of  data  that  will  be  generated  by  the  iot,  industry  expects  it  will  be  better  equipped  to  1  reduce  peak  load  on  the  grid;  2  design  new  energy  saving  technologies;  and  3  implement  energysaving  programs  to  reduce  consumption  or  shift  load  to  offpeak  times.  but  what  these  projections  fail  to  include  in  their  analyses  is  the  mega  energy  footprint  of  the  iot  itself.  it  is  not  at  all  clear  that  the  iot  will
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ever  succeed  in  offsetting  its  own  fastgrowing  and  unbounded  energy  consumption.  according  toieee  consumer  electronics  magazine  editor  peter  corcoran,  energy  is  one  of  three  main  determinants  of  the  longterm  sustainability  of  the  internet  of  things  the  other  two  being  privacy  and  cyber  security.  in  a  recent  article  characterizing  corcoran  as  a  longterm  iot  skeptic,  author  steven  max  patterson  :  iot  devices  are  expected  to  be  lowpower  devices,  but  the  number  of  iot  devices  that  cisco  predicts  will  be  50  billion  by  2020,  is  an  order  of  magnitude  larger  than  the  number  of  smartphones  and  tablets  in  use  today.  if  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  consumed  by  these  devices  and  the  networks  and  data  centers  to  which  they  are  connected  is  considered,  energy  consumption  by  iot  will  impactfully  increase  the  rate  of  energy  consumption  growth.  wireless  technologies  consume  far  more  energy  than  do  wired  technologies.according  to  kris  de  decker  ,  a  wired  connection  is  the  most  energyefficient  way  to  communicate  digitally.  if  connection  is  made  through  a  cellular  network,  energy  use  soars.  according  to  a  2015  put  out  by  the  centre  for  energy  efficient  telecommunications,  our  energy  calculations  show  that  by  2015,  wireless  cloud  will  consume  up  to  43  twh,  compared  to  only  9.2
__label__energymonitoringmanagement twh  in  2012,  an  increase  of  460.  this  is  an  increase  in  carbon  footprint  from  6  megatonnes  of  co2  in  2012  to  up  to  30  megatonnes  of  co2  in  2015,  the  equivalent  of  adding  4.9  million  cars  to  the  roads.  up  to  90  of  this  consumption  is  attributable  to  wireless  access  network  technologies,  data  centres  account  for  only  9.  and  the  final  link  between  telecommunications  infrastructure  and  user  device  is  by  far  the  dominant  and  most  concerning  drain  on  energy  in  the  entire  cloud  system  .  .  .  emphasis  added  de  decker  explains  that  3gtechnologies  use  about  15  times  more
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  than  wired  connections,  and  4g  technologies  consume  23  times  more  energy  than  wifi.  presumably,  if  a  homeowner  had  a  wired  connection  rather  than  wifi,  this  number  may  be  even  higher.  there  is  no  data  yet  on  5g.  if  the  bulk  of  our  information  communications  technology  ict  infrastructure  and  transmissions  were  wired,  such  as  ftth,  the  energy  footprint  from  our  digital  world  would  be  significantlyreduced.  and  although  fiber  is  safer,  faster,  more  reliable,  and  far  more  resilient,  cyber  secure  and  energy  efficient  than  wireless,  telecom  is  aggressively  pushing  for  5g  everywhere,  as  its  far  cheaper  for  the  industry  than  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement lay  fiber.  to  all  homes  and  businesses.  unfortunately,  this  will  greatly  grow  our  energy  consumption.  for  more  information  on  wireless  consuming  more  energy  than  wired,  please  see  digital  technologies  are  becoming  increasingly  more  energy  efficient,  and  this  trend  will  hopefully  continue.  butat  the  same  time  that  we  are  making  great  strides  in  energy  efficiency,  more  and  more  people  are  conducting  greater  portions  of  their  lives  online.  furthermore,  not  all  online  activities  consume  energy  equally  there  is  a  hierarchy  in  energy  consumption:  the  written  word  is  the  least  energy  intensive.  images  consume  more  energy.  and,  to  date,  by  far  the  most
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energyintensive  online  activity  is  watching  videos  and  particularly,  high  definition  videos  which  5g  is  promising.unfortunately,  enticed  by  tech  companies  which  offer  ever  more  and  cheaper  options,  people  are  watching  far  more  videos  than  ever  before,  and  this  trend  is  expected  to  increase.  that  80  of  all  online  traffic  in  2019  will  be  video.  of  course  driverless  cars  and  potentially  other  iot  applications  soon  to  be  unveiled  will  likely  far  and  away  trump  energy  consumption  from  videos.  it  is  a  common  occurrence  in  digital  technologies  that  improvements  in  energy  efficiency  of  a  particular  device,  bring  about  accompanying  changes  in  usage  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  device  that  often  offset  the  hoped  for  benefits  from  energy  savings.  this  isknownas  the  .  for  example,  a  smart  phone  uses  significantly  less  energy  than  does  a  desktop  computer.  but  due  to  the  size  of  a  smart  phone,  it  can  be  carried  around  and  used  24/7.  this  increase  in  use  negates,  or  significantly  reduces,  energy  savings.  we  may  presume  that  as  more  and  more  things  in  our  world  take  up  residence  in  the  cloud,  peoples  time  online  to  connect  with  this  data  and  their  digital  selves  will  also  increase.bryon  walsh,  senior  editor  at  time,  ,  as  our  lives  migrate
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  the  digital  cloud  and  as  more  and  more  wireless  devices  of  all  sorts  become  part  of  our  lives  the  electrons  will  follow.  and  that  shift  underscores  how  challenging  it  will  be  toreduce  electricity  use  and  carbon  emissions  even  as  we  become  more  efficient.  in  an  iot  world,  data  collected  from  billions  of  machines,  appliances,  things,  and  devices,  as  well  as  from  sensors  and  surveillance  cameras  integrated  into  our  environment,  driverless  cars,  microchipped  humans  and  animals,  enhanced  humans,  and  virtual  and  augmented  reality,  will  be  stored  and  responded  to  in  .  the  2014  paper,  data  center  efficiency  assessment  ,  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  national  resources  defense  council  nrdc  reports  that  the  2  million  computer  servers  in  close  to  3  million  data  centers  that  are  used  in  the  us  for  online  activities  gulp  enough  electricity  to  power  all  of  nycs  households  for  2  years.  a  recent  in  the  journal  for  cleaner  production,  states,  we  have  found  that,  if  unchecked,  ict  ghge  relative  contribution  could  grow  from  roughly  11.6  in  2007  to  exceed  14  of  the  2016level  worldwide  ghge  by  2040,  accounting  for  more  than  half  of  the  current  relative  contribution  of  the  for  more  on  this  study,  please  see  how  smart  phones  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement heating  up  the  planet.  in  a  2012  paper,  how  clean  is  your  cloud  ,  greenpeace  offers  this  comparison:  if  the  cloud  were  a  country  it  would  have  the  fifth  largest  energy  demand  in  the  world.  what  number  country  would  the  energy  demand  of  the  cloud  equal  now  with  the  advent  of  the  iot?  how  about  5  or  10  years  down  the  road?  although  plans  are  underway  to  build  future  datacentersinplaces  where  cleaner  energy  sources  are  available,  the  fact  remains  that  data  centers  already  consume  mega  amounts  of  energy,  and  this  is  only  going  to  increase  with  the  iot.  ireland  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement denmark  are  slated  to  become  the  data  base  for  big  tech  companies  and  will  bear  a  very  heavy  energy  consumption  load.  according  to  a  2017  report,  ,  the  energy  load  from  data  centers  in  ireland  could  account  for  20  of  irelands  peak  demand.  machinetomachine  communication  refers  to  1  transmission  of  data  from  allinternetconnected  things,  2  remote  software  updates  for  personal  devices,  and  3  backup  of  data,  digital  photos,  and  videos  to  the  cloud.  hazas  et  al  note  in  are  there  limits  to  growth  in  data  traffic?  ,  that  although  many  m2m  communications  use  very  little  energy,  some,  such  as  driverless
__label__energymonitoringmanagement cars  or  wearable  medical  devices,  are  highly  data  consumptive  and  require  inordinate  amounts  of  energy,  both  at  the  source  and  in  the  cloud  not  to  mention  in  the  manufacturing  and  disposal  of  all  these  iot  things  see  embodied  energy  below.  hazas  et  al  explain  further  that  while  each  machine  or  thing  may  not  consume  a  lot  of  energy  in  a  given  communication,  the  sheer  volume  of  transmissions  could  place  m2m  communications  as  a  top  contender  in  energy  consumption  some  predicting  that  m2m  communication  will  reach  around  45  of  all  internet  traffic  by  2022:  this  machine  to  machine  communication  will  occur
__label__energymonitoringmanagement transparently,  without  observation  or  interaction,  and  potentially  without  limit.  at  the  time  of  writing,  2015  the  existing  6.4bn  connected  iot  devices  isonly  slightlyless  than  world  population  86,  but  market  predictions  suggest  this  will  reach  21bn  billion  devices  by2020  roughly  three  times  world  population  estimates.  embodied  energy,  also  known  as  ,  refers  to  energy  consumed  in  the  production  of  goods.this  includes  the  mining,  manufacturing,  transporting,  and  delivery  of  a  product.  digital  technology  requires  far  more  energy  in  the  manufacturing  process  than  do  other  products.  kris  de  decker  explains  in  the  monster  footprint  of  digital  technology  ,  that  machines  such  as  cars
__label__energymonitoringmanagement or  refrigerators  use  far  more  energy  during  their  lifetime  than  the  amount  used  to  manufacture  them.  according  to  de  decker,  advanced  digital  technology  has  turned  this  relationship  upside  down.  as  counterintuitive  as  this  may  sound,  he  explains:  a  handful  of  microchips  can  have  as  much  embodied  energy  as  a  car.  and  since  digital  technology  has  brought  about  a  plethora  of  new  products,  and  has  also  infiltrated  almost  all  existing  products,  thischange  has  vast  consequences.  our  new  iot  technology  will  require  ,and  microchips  each  of  which  will  require  thousands  ofsemiconductors.  according  to  ,  the  energy  needed  to  produce  one  semiconductor  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement up  to  emphasis  added  above  those  of  conventional  manufacturing  processes.  in  addition  to  the  billions  of  internet  connected  things,  fcc  chair  wheeler  projects  that  in  a  5g  world,  each  person  will  own  about  56  wireless  devices.  add  to  that  the  millions  of  new  small  cells  being  deployedto  accommodate  all  the  digital  traffic  from  the  iot,  and  it  becomes  evident  that  it  will  take  an  inordinate  amount  of  energy  just  to  produce  the  iot.  perhaps  the  largest  player  in  energy  consumption  of  the  iot  is  that  of  planned  obsolescenceof  all  our  technologies.  digital  technologies  generally  need  to  be  replaced  every  13
__label__energymonitoringmanagement years  as  information  and  communication  technologies  evolve  at  an  exceedingly  fast  pace.  the  fact  that  our  digital  devices  have  such  short  lifespans,  exacerbates  the  problem  of  the  excessive  amount  of  energy  used  in  their  production.  the  all  too  familiar  need  to  upgrade  will  become  yet  more  of  a  drain  on  our  energy  as  literally  billions  of  connected  devices,  machines,  and  things  will  continue  to  become  obsolete  and  discarded.  dedecker  maintains  that,  addressing  technological  obsolescence  would  be  the  most  powerful  approach  to  lower  the  ecological  footprint  of  digital  technology.  our  energy  grid  was  built  over  the  course  of  the  last  century
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  is  based  on  a  business  model  that  generates  and  delivers  energy  from  burning  fossil  fuel.  local  renewable  energy,  such  as  rooftop  solar,  is  becoming  more  affordable  and  therefore  increasingly  able  to  replace  coal  and  other  polluting  sources  of  energy.  utilities  are  trying  desperately  to  stay  afloatwhile  integrating  unprecedented  amounts  of  local  renewable  energy  into  our  saturated  and  failing  energy  grid.  in  the  grid,  the  fraying  wires  between  americans  and  our  energy  future  ,  gretchen  bakke  explains  how  challenging  it  is  for  our  energy  industry  to  integrate  decentralized  renewables  into  the  grid  while  still  providing  reliable  energy  delivery  and  service
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  customers.  bakke  offers  the  analogy  of  trying  to  rebuild  an  entire  airplane  fleet  while  keeping  all  the  airplanes  in  flight.  faced  with  the  voracious  appetite  of  the  wireless  industry,  our  utilities  will  havean  even  greater  challenge  navigatingthe  tenuous,  but  necessary  path  forward  to  a  truly  sustainable  energy  future.  an  even  stronger  reason  that  energy  consumption  of  wireless,  5g,  and  the  iot  must  be  considered,  is  thatour  energy  grid  is  still  run  coal,  natural  gas  and  petroleum  so  the  exorbitant  amount  of  energy  that  will  be  needed  to  support  the  iot  and  its  highly  energyintensive  footprint  will  necessarily  result  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  ,  thereby  adversely  impacting  our  climate  will  the  energy  footprint  of  5g  and  the  iot  be  offset  by  improvements  in  energy  efficiency  and  innovations  businesses  may  come  up  with?  not  certain  at  all.  tsunami  of  data  could  consume  one  fifth  of  global  electricity  by  2025  oct.  21st,  2019  nicolyachristi  and  kate  kheel  worldshift.earth  our  actions  have  consequences,  and  when  equipped  with  the  facts  of  how  our  online  preferences  can  negatively  impact  the  overall  health  and  wellbeng  of  not  only  ourselves  but  all  lifeforms,  we  are  left  with  a  burning  question:  do  the  benefits  of  wireless  video  streaming  and  video
__label__energymonitoringmanagement electronic  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  installation  of  billions  of  internet  of  things  iot  devices  in  homes,  factories,  and  offices  worldwide  indicate  the  growing  popularity  of  this  extremely  practical  technology.  it  provides  the  means  by  which  wireless  transceivers  connect  many  different  sensors  to  the  internet  for  remote  control  of  other  electronic  equipment.  for  example,  it  allows  you
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  connect  to  a  heater  or  air  conditioner  to  adjust  the  temperature  of  a  family  room,  using  a  cellphone  as  a  controller  from  some  distance.  often  these  iot  sensors  are  set  and  forget  devices  intended  to  run  for  long  times  on  small  batteries  at  low  voltages  and  currents.  of  course,  lasting  a  long  time  on  one  battery  or  a  single  set  of  miniature  batteries  is  a  sign  of  an  iot  device  with  low  power  consumption.  certainly,  this  should  be  part  of  every  iot  device  intended  for  remote  sensing  and  control.  it  can  be  established  at  the  iot  product  design  stage
__label__energymonitoringmanagement through  careful  planning,  and  with  the  assistance  of  measurement  strategies  that  can  reveal  a  designs  powerconsumption  characteristics.  this  requires  a  set  of  measurements  that  accurately  characterizes  an  iot  devices  power  consumption  under  its  different  operating  modes,  and  the  type  of  test  equipment  that  can  replicate  the  iot  devices  actual  operating  conditions  at  extremely  low  levels  of  voltage  and  current.  1.  a  smart  house  uses  multiple  iot  devices  to  monitor  and  remotely  control  power.  iot  technology  is  enabling  many  different  types  of  smart  environments,  such  as  smart  offices  and  smart  homes,  where  light,  heat,  and  power  can  be  controlled  by  remote
__label__energymonitoringmanagement wireless  access  to  the  internet  fig.  1  .  a  typical  iot  device  contains  one  or  more  sensors,  a  microprocessor,  and  a  radio  chip  that  can  send  and  receive  signals  at  some  standard  operating  voltage,  such  as  3.0  to  3.5  v  dc.  however,  it  can  also  wait  in  a  standby  mode  for  an  activating  signal  from  a  user  checking  on  the  iot  device  with  a  cellphone.  furthermore,  that  device  may  be  functioning  at  0.5  v  dc  or  less  in  a  kind  of  sleep  mode  to  save  power,  especially  for  longduration,  remotemonitoring  applications  where  a  batterys  power  must  be  maintained.  some  remotemonitoring
__label__energymonitoringmanagement applications,  for  example,  may  require  that  an  iot  device  remain  powered  by  its  battery  for  20  years  or  more,  and  achieving  extremely  low  power  consumption  is  critical  for  these  devices.  many  iot  devices  are  virtually  systems  in  themselves,  capable  of  measuring  current  and  power  at  low  voltages  with  high  accuracy,  often  across  multiple  measurement  channels.  devices  like  the  miniature  from  enable  instantaneous  power  monitoring  on  two  channels  with  high  precision.  even  though  the  mcp39f511n  fits  in  a  compact  qfn  housing,  it  contains  an  internal  voltage  reference  and  internal  crystal  clock  for  timing  accuracy.  as  with  many  iot  devices,  it  has
__label__energymonitoringmanagement many  different  operating  modes,  running  on  a  typical  voltage  of  3.6  v  dc  when  performing  measurements  but  dropping  to  as  low  as  0.7  v  dc  as  a  starting  voltage  to  awaken  from  a  sleep  mode.  determining  the  power  consumption  of  this  particular  device  and  of  many  iot  devices  requires  the  capability  to  measure  the  current/power  use  across  its  different  operating  voltages.  the  test  equipment  must  provide  the  means  of  not  only  duplicating  the  same  range  of  input  signals  to  be  measured  by  an  iot  deviceacross  the  same  wide  dynamic  range,  whether  those  signals  are  sound,  light,  video,  or  morebut  it
__label__energymonitoringmanagement must  provide  a  power  supply  that  meets  the  specified  range  of  the  iot  device  under  test,  from  sleep  mode  to  fully  active  operating  mode.  whether  an  iot  device  is  powered  by  internal  or  external  battery,  or  an  electronic  systems  external  supply,  a  measurement  solution  for  determining  the  iot  devices  power  consumption  must  support  a  powersupply  range  from  millivolts  to  several  volts  or  more.  any  measurement  solution  for  characterizing  iot  device  power  consumption  needs  to  be  able  to  measure  a  wide  dynamic  range  of  current  levels,  which  may  extend  from  nanoamps  to  several  amps.  it  also  has  to  do  so  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  current  draw  possibly  changing  almost  instantly  as  the  iot  device  changes  operating  modes,  such  as  being  triggered  awake  to  full  operating  mode  from  a  sleep  mode.  the  load  current  of  an  iot  device  in  its  sleep  mode  will  determine  the  lower  current  measurement  limit  required  for  any  test  solution,  whether  its  an  ammeter,  multimeter,  oscilloscope,  voltmeter,  or  other  form  of  instrument.  the  low  current  levels  of  some  iot  designs  in  sleep  mode  may  simply  be  beyond  the  measurement  limit  of  most  instruments,  especially  when  high  measurement  accuracy,  say  0.5,  is  needed  at  those  low  current  levels.  a  suitable  measurement
__label__energymonitoringmanagement solution  for  the  low  and  changing  current  levels  of  iot  devices  should  provide  a  high  signaltonoise  ratio  snr  and  fast  response  time.  in  contrast,  an  iot  devices  load  current/power  consumption  may  be  at  its  greatest  when  it  is  in  the  process  of  using  its  wirelesscommunications  radio  circuitry,  as  in  transferring  sensor  data  to  a  users  cell  phone.  the  changes  in  power  consumption  of  a  device  can  occur  within  microseconds,  as  the  radio  is  activated.  this  requires  a  measurement  approach  that  provides  suitable  response  times  and  sampling  rates  to  measure  whatever  aberrations  occur  during  the  changes  of  iot  operating  modes.  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  digital  current/voltage  measuring  instrument  such  as  an  oscilloscope,  characterizing  iot  devices  with  fast  transitions  between  current  consumption  levels  dictates  the  use  of  an  instrument  with  faster  sampling  rate  but  also  wide  bandwidth.  thats  because  insufficient  bandwidth  doesnt  provide  enough  measurement  resolution  to  reliably  determine  the  iots  current  and  voltage  levels  during  its  different  operating  nodes.  2.  the  rs  rtzvc02/04  multichannel  power  probes  enable  widedynamicrange  measurements  of  current  and  voltage  power  on  iot  devices.  the  wide  current  and  voltage  dynamic  range  needed  for  measuring  iot  power  consumption  narrows  the  choice  of  measurement  instruments  that  can  perform  such  analysis.  still,  commercial
__label__energymonitoringmanagement solutions  are  available,  such  as  the  rs  rtzvc02  and  rs  rtzvc04  multichannel  power  probes  from  fig.  2  .  the  former  provides  two  voltage  and  current  measurement  channels  while  the  latter  has  four  voltage  and  current  measurement  channels.  the  dynamic  range  is  extremely  wide,  with  a  current  measurement  range  of  4.5  a  to  10  a  and  voltage  measurement  range  of  15  v.  both  feature  high  resolution  18  b  and  fast  sampling  rate  5  msamples/s  to  capture  the  fine  details  of  changing  power  levels  within  an  iot  device  under  test.  3.  the  rs  cmw500/290/270  radio  communications  tester  makes  it  possible  to  analyze
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  power  consumption  of  an  iot  device  while  its  operating  under  networkconnected  conditions.  for  additional  measurement  capability,  the  rs  cmw500/290/270  radio  communications  tester  fig.  3  equipped  with  the  appropriate  rs  cmwrun  software  makes  it  possible  to  perform  measurements  of  iot  power  consumption  while  connected  to  networklike  conditions.  therefore,  automated  testing  of  power  consumption  can  be  performed  under  any  number  of  different  operating  conditions.  follow  us:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement technology  is  moving  extremely  fast  and  you  dont  want  to  miss  anything,  sign  up  to  our  newsletter  and  you  will  get  all  the  latest  tech  news  straight  into  your  inbox  i  want  to  recieve  updates  for  the  followoing:  i  accept  that  the  data  provided  on  this  form  will  be  processed,  stored,  and  used  in  accordance  with  the  terms  set  out  in  our  technologys  advances  are  starting  to  go  beyond  the  realm  of  science  fiction.  selfdriving  cars  and  voiceactivated  assistants  are  merely  the  tips  of  the  iceberg.  we  also  have  automated  fixtures  like  thermostats,  lighting  and  security  measures.  the  future  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement automation  is  only  possible  with  the  internet  of  things  iot,  the  hub  of  collected  data  where  devices  interconnect.  many  people  believe  these  devices  are  better  for  energy  consumption.  however,  they  might  use  up  more  than  you  realise.  is  a  future  full  of  automation  worth  it?  experts  say  yes  but  there  are  a  few  things  you  should  know.  a  smart  device  doesnt  automatically  conserve  energy.  however,  you  can  find  tools  designed  to  save.  ecobee  smart  thermostats,  for  example,  claim  their  products  ,  though  research  shows  they  usually  save  between  one  and  15.  another  example  is  smart  bulbs,  which  automate  lighting  when
__label__energymonitoringmanagement you  walk  into  a  room.  control  the  lights  from  anywhere  all  you  need  is  your  smartphone.  did  you  rush  out  to  work  and  forget  to  close  down  the  kitchen?  pull  out  your  device  and  swipe  a  button.  just  because  it  can  talk  with  the  internet  doesnt  mean  its  necessarily  going  to  do  a  better  job,  says  nick  lange,  technical  lead  of  thermostat  practice  at  veic.  the  devices  arent  the  problem,  though.  depending  on  how  we  use  them,  they  could  save  energy  in  the  long  run.  invest  in  technology  proven  to  boost  efficiency.  phantom  energy  is  power  used  by  devices  when
__label__energymonitoringmanagement theyre  switched  off.  this  consumption  is  a  massive  crutch  for  smart  devices  everywhere.  to  turn  these  devices  on,  you  need  to  issue  a  verbal  order.  the  device  has  to  be  continually  listening  and  alert,  whether  youre  using  it  or  not.  the  power  consumed  is  minimal  for  one  device,  but  the  cost  adds  up  over  time,  especially  if  you  have  a  lot.  lets  look  at  the  popular  amazon  echo.  the  echo  uses  ,  just  on  speakers.  assuming  thats  about  12  cents  per  kilowatts  an  hour,  that  adds  up  to  about  3.15  a  year.  the  price  doesnt  sound  like  much  until  you
__label__energymonitoringmanagement consider  an  office  complex  filled  with  amazon  echoes,  not  to  mention  other  smart  devices,  like  thermostats  and  appliances.  the  price  of  merely  letting  the  machine  sit  there  adds  up  over  time.  what  about  other  devices  that  wait  for  your  command?  perhaps  a  gaming  system,  smartphone,  laptop  or  coffee  maker?  convenience  is  great,  but  it  comes  with  a  price.  smart  devices  use  energy  to  listen  to  and  interpret  commands.  however,  theyre  no  worse  than  their  counterparts.  in  fact,  as  long  as  we  use  intelligent  tools,  we  save  energy.  this  technology  is  designed  to  conserve  when  working.  for  example,  the  thermostat  might
__label__energymonitoringmanagement lower  itself  when  no  one  is  in  the  room.  lights  might  dim  or  shut  off  if  the  sensors  dont  detect  movement.  well  use  convenient  techniques  more  often  than  difficult  ones.  its  easy  to  tell  alexa  to  turn  off  the  lights,  but  something  as  simple  as  walking  across  a  room  might  be  put  off  for  an  hour.  pairing  this  idea  up  with  a  smart  plug  that  can  eliminate  negligible  energy.  for  example,  plug  your  tv  into  a  smart  plug.  most  devices  will  automatically  shut  down  after  a  period  of  inactivity  such  as  an  hour.  once  your  tv  is  off,  the  plug
__label__energymonitoringmanagement will  prevent  it  from  drawing  in  additional  energy.  designers  make  smart  devices  with  efficiency  in  mind.  the  question  is  whether  it  lies  in  convenience  or  energy  consumption.  a  lot  of  intelligent  devices  are  seemingly  inconsequential  but  can  make  a  massive  difference  in  your  energy  bill.  one  such  technology  is  led  lighting.  led  stands  for  lightemitting  diode  and  uses  a  semiconductor  to  emit  visible  light.  using  led  lighting  comes  with  several  benefits,  including  energy  efficiency  and  longevity.  they  take  less  power  to  work  and  than  their  outdated  counterparts.  they  dont  emit  heat  and  can  dim  if  asked  to  do  so.  though
__label__energymonitoringmanagement they  may  not  seem  as  groundbreaking  as  a  google  home,  led  bulbs  are  vital  to  the  future  of  smart  technology.  take  a  look  at  how  other  companies  use  iot  technology  to  understand  the  cost  versus  savings.  experts  estimate  that  google  and  amazon  a  year  since  the  early  2000s  by  keeping  up  with  performance  per  watt  on  devices  and  making  suppliers  do  the  same.  another  example  is  schneider  electric,  a  factory  in  lexington,  kentucky.  using  sensors,  they  can  collect  detailed  analytics,  focus  on  the  mix  of  products  and  keep  everything  in  order.  after  tweaking  their  strategy,  they  reduced  consumption  by  12
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  year  three.  andy  bennett,  the  former  vice  president  of  the  companys  ecostruxure  platform,  claims  the  group  is  using  energy  savings  to  dictate  every  process  decision.  sustainable  initiatives  can  achieve  results  when  you  focus  on  efficiency  and  energy  consumption.  weve  made  a  lot  of  advances  in  technology  over  the  last  few  decades.  new  devices  allow  us  to  reduce  consumption  and  interact  seamlessly.  individual  consumers  can  automate  everything  from  the  coffeemaking  process  to  weatherbased  lighting.  companies  use  this  technology  to  streamline  operations  and  save  money.  to  get  the  most  from  automation,  its  essential  to  look  beyond  convenience  toward  efficiency.  utilising  technology
__label__energymonitoringmanagement in  a  smart  way  will  have  a  lasting  impact  on  the  future.  technology  is  moving  extremely  fast  and  you  dont  want  to  miss  anything,  sign  up  to  our  newsletter  and  you  will  get  all  the  latest  tech  news  straight  into  your  inbox  i  want  to  recieve  updates  for  the  followoing:  i  accept  that  the  data  provided  on  this  form  will  be  processed,  stored,  and  used  in  accordance  with  the  terms  set  out  in  our  /  this  move  by  bp,  which  involves  closure  of  their  two  europebased  mega  centres,  was  made  /  in  whats  been  touted  as  a  worldfirst,  the  solution
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  set  to  be  deployed  on  /  how  can  telcos  avoid  downtime?  as  industry  rivals  go,  telecoms  businesses  are  among  the  fiercest  /  association  of  southeast  asian  nations  asean  has  one  of  the  most  robust  economies  in  asia.  /  every  enterprise  is  automating.  thats  not  the  story.  the  challenge  most  ctos  face  is  that  /  the  information  commissioners  office  ico  has  warned  organisations  that  they  should  be  doing  everything  they  /  the  design  industry  is  yet  another  area  where  ai  is  making  huge  strides.  just  recently,  /  taking  place  at  the  grand  hyatt,  this  will  be  the  third  annual  iteration
__label__energymonitoringmanagement solution  to  transform  the  way  people  use  electricity  and  electrical  devices.  solution  allows  to  remotely  control  households  electric  appliances  and  the  system  promotes  powersaving  user  behavior.  solution  enables  the  system  helps  digiteum  is  a  custom  software  development  company  helping  businesses  reach  their  clients.  we  focus  on  creating  and  delivering  customercentric  solutions  across  web,  mobile  and  iot.  we  are  always  looking  for  talented  people.  we  do  not  knowingly  collect  information  from  the  users  under  16  years  old
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement this  website  collects  personal  data  and  uses  cookies  to  improve  services.  by  using  this  site,  you  agree  to  our  .  gartner  states  that  more  than  half  of  major  new  business  processes  and  systems  will  incorporate  some  element  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  by  2020.  although  some  applications,  such  as  connected  home,  will  invariably  use  mainline  power,  others  will  require  a  battery  that  can  be  recharged.  for  these  devices,  engineers  must  focus  on  creating  an  energy  budget  that  accounts  for  the  power  consumption  of  the  radio  powering  the  connection.  reducing  power  consumption  of  these  radios  when  creating  a  connected  product
__label__energymonitoringmanagement will  not  only  help  lengthen  the  time  between  charges,  but  also  extend  the  device  lifespan.  reducing  power  consumption  is  also  better  for  our  environment.  below  are  a  few  strategies  to  deploy  when  developing  an  iot  product  while  leveraging  three  different  types  of  connections.  selecting  a  radio  when  it  comes  to  the  development  of  connected  products,  most  creators  will  choose  to  build  a  radio  based  on  the  needs  of  the  application.  ble  radios  work  well  for  small,  lowpowered  devices,  but  need  a  gateway  to  communicate  with  the  internet.  wifi  devices  require  a  wifi  network  and  router  to  communicate.  cellular  devices  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement freed  from  the  constraints  of  wifi,  enabling  much  more  remote  applications,  but  as  you  move  from  bluetooth  to  cellular,  the  power  required  to  send  and  receive  messages  increases  accordingly.  wifi  wifi  power  consumption  correlates  directly  to  the  amount  of  data  the  radio  is  transmitting.  high  bandwidth  applications,  such  as  downloading  web  pages  or  streaming  music,  will  consume  much  more  power  than  low  bandwidth  applications  like  transmitting  sensor  data.  for  high  bandwidth  applications,  it  is  ideal  to  connect  directly  to  an  ac  power  supply  or  have  a  charge  management  circuit  that  allows  for  frequent  recharging  of  the  device  to  ensure  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement device  stays  poweredon.  that  said,  the  best  way  to  conserve  power  for  an  iot  device  with  a  wireless  radio  is  to  ensure  that  the  radio  is  only  fully  powered  when  actively  in  use.  however,  if  the  radio  must  be  on  in  a  wifi  device,  it  is  possible  to  keep  it  in  a  more  efficient  power  saving  mode  which  sets  the  internal  oscillator  to  a  lower  frequency  to  conserve  power.  this  mode  is  only  used  when  the  radio  is  not  actively  transmitting,  but  can  result  in  significant  power  savings  and  decreased  impact  to  the  devices  energy  budget.  cellular  cellular  2g/3g/lte  mirrors
__label__energymonitoringmanagement wifis  power  consumption  in  that  it  correlates  directly  to  data  usage.  to  reduce  cellular  power  consumption,  it  is  important  to  choose  an  efficient  and  secure  communication  protocol  that  requires  minimum  overhead.  leveraging  dedicated  api  endpoints  in  the  cloud  can  also  reduce  data  usage  and  thus  conserve  power.  instead  of  programming  an  iot  device  to  send  and  receive  messages  directly  to  and  from  open  internet  services,  it  is  preferable  to  send  smaller  amounts  of  data  using  a  byteefficient  communication  protocol  designed  for  iot  to  the  cloud,  where  the  data  can  be  stored,  processed  and  retransmitted  if  necessary.  an  example  of  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement bandwidth  efficiencies  enabled  by  a  dedicated  cloud  service  is  a  remote  weather  station  that  transmits  data  to  multiple  endpoints  like  weather.com,  google  cloud  platform  and  nasa.  bluetooth  low  energy  bluetooth  low  energy  ble  is  one  of  the  most  promising  low  power  consumption  wireless  technologies  for  iot  applications.  everything  from  physical  design  to  use  models  is  designed  to  keep  power  consumption  at  a  minimum.  but  to  further  reduce  power  consumption,  a  ble  device  can  be  kept  in  sleep  mode  most  of  the  time,  but  when  an  event  occurs,  the  device  will  wake  up  and  a  short  message  will  be  transferred  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  gateway,  pc  or  smartphone.  ultimately,  the  active  power  consumption  is  reduced  to  a  tenth  of  the  energy  consumption  of  classic  bluetooth.  in  low  duty  cycle  applications,  a  button  cell  battery  could  provide  conclusion  regardless  of  the  type  of  connection  behind  an  iot  product,  minimizing  power  use  can  be  a  challenge.  however,  it  is  also  critical  to  keeping  energy  and  component  costs  under  control.  radios  are  a  key  component  of  the  energy  budget  for  iot  products  and  the  strategies  outlined  above,  combined  with  smart  design  and  component  selection,  will  help  developers  navigate  the  early  days  of  product  development  to  ultimately
__label__energymonitoringmanagement create  costeffective  iot  products  that  last  longer  between  charges.  brett  walach  is  a  senior  embedded  hardware/software  engineer  at  particle.  he  specializes  in  rapid  development  of  power  control  and  conversion  solutions,  battery  charging  technology,  medical  and  military  device  regulations,  and  portable  battery  operated  handheld  medical  devices.  preboot  execution  environment  pxe  is  a  protocol  that  boots  computers  without  using  a  hard  drive  or  an  ope...  youve  probably  seen  hobbystyle  servos  are  used  in  many  diy  and  makerpro  projects.  cheap,  and  accurate  eno...
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  number  of  internetconnected  devices  is  expected  to  reach  34  billion  by  2020  up  from  just  10  billion  in  2015.  the  interconnection  of  these  devices  is  called  the  iot,  and  this  network  has  the  ability  to  collect,  analyze  and  share  useful  data  about  our  lives,  allowing  things  like  smart  thermostats  or  smart  watches  to  learn  and  adapt  to  our  preferences.  this  emerging  smart  network  is  predicted  to  revolutionize  how  you  interact  with  the  world  around  you  in  nearly  all  aspects  of  your  life  from  managing  your  health  to  how  you  get  to  school  or  work  but  many  of  the  most
__label__energymonitoringmanagement exciting  applications  of  iot  and  many  of  those  that  are  the  most  impactful  for  the  future  of  our  society  are  in  how  we  power  our  homes  and  communities.  today,  with  the  help  of  connected  devices,  you  now  have  more  control  over  your  own  home  energy  consumption  than  ever  before.  by  using  a  ,  like  the  ones  offered  by  nest  and  ecobee,  you  can  potentially  save  15  percent  or  more  on  your  annual  energy  costs  by  having  the  device  optimize  your  homes  heating  and  cooling  based  on  the  weather,  your  preferences  and  the  price  of  electricity  at  various  times  of  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement day.  for  some  people,  however,  a  smart  thermostat  is  just  the  starting  point  for  making  their  home  smarter,  more  comfortable  and  more  efficient.  several  companies  today  samsung  and  wink  among  them  are  offering  home  automation  systems  as  a  centralized  hub  that  brings  together  all  of  your  other  smart  devices,  including  appliances  like  dishwashers,  refrigerators  and  washing  machines,  lighting,  automated  window  blinds  and  even  nonenergy  devices  like  smart  home  security  cameras  and  door  locks.  used  together  and  managed  by  a  central  system,  these  appliances  and  home  improvements  can  amplify  the  benefits  to  you  both  in  energy  reduction  and,  eventually,  cost  savings.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement but  the  inside  of  the  home  is  not  the  only  place  iot  is  changing  your  environment  and  your  relationship  with  energy.  outside  your  home,  iot  is  revolutionizing  how  we  interact  with  our  local  communities  by  increasing  the  efficiency  of  many  municipal  services  and  improving  how  power  is  distributed  throughout  the  community.  the  connection  of  these  technologies  through  your  local  area  is  called  and  can  include  anything  from  public  transportation  software,  which  can  streamline  city  transportation  services,  to  solarpowered  benches,  which  can  you  provide  you  with  respite  from  the  city  bustle  while  also  allowing  you  to  charge  your  smartphone  and  connect
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  wifi.  smart  cities  applications  also  include  things  like  smart  garbage  bins,  which  can  communicate  to  waste  management  services  when  theyre  full,  keeping  the  city  cleaner  and  improving  the  efficiency  of  city  workers.  and  one  of  the  most  popular  applications  in  recent  years  has  been  smart  streetlights.  a  variety  of  cities  are  already  using  energyefficient,  led  streetlights  that  can  reduce  energy  usage  by  up  to  70  percent  by  automatically  adjusting  brightness  depending  on  the  level  of  nearby  activity.  iot  is  also  revolutionizing  how  power  is  delivered  from  a  power  plant  and  used  throughout  your  community.  and  the  integration  of  sensors
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  other  connected  devices  to  ,  creating  whats  known  as  a  smart  grid,  is  already  creating  numerous  benefits  to  our  society,  including  and  more  efficient  integration  of  green  energy  sources,  like  wind  and  solar.  the  smart  grid  is  foundational  to  the  smart  city  and  essential  in  creating  more  livable,  efficient  cities  in  the  future.  in  chattanooga,  tennessee,  for  example,  the  city  implemented  smart  grid  technology  and  has  reduced  outage  times  by  over  50  percent,  saving  over  1.4  million  in  operations  costs  during  a  single  storm.  the  implementation  of  a  smart  grid,  coupled  with  highspeed  internet  infrastructure,  has  provided  a  significant
__label__energymonitoringmanagement economic  boost  to  the  city.  in  other  major  urban  areas,  smart  grids  are  allowing  residents  to  more  easily  participate  in  rooftop  or  and  ,  contributing  to  greener,  cleaner  cities  that  use  less  smogcreating  fossil  fuels.  iot  technology  and  smart  grids  are  also  allowing  easier  integration  of  electric  vehicle  ev  charging  stations  around  cities  and  enabling  you  to  potentially  receive  open  charger  notifications  on  your  smartphone.  back  at  your  smart  home,  iot  allows  you  to  charge  your  ev  at  times  when  the  price  of  electricity  is  at  its  lowest.  there  is  an  abundance  of  possibilities  for  iot  technology  in  energy,  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ultimately,  this  means  more  convenience  in  your  life.  whether  in  your  home,  around  your  neighborhood  or  throughout  your  local  community,  iot  will  take  your  relationship  with  power  to  the  next  level,  empowering  you  to  make  better  choices  for  yourself,  your  family  and  your  home.  to  learn  more  about  how  the  internet  of  things  is  changing  the  world  of  energy,  .  where  power  is  going  by  new  media  campaigns  sign  up  for  our  monthly  enewsletter  and  get  updates  on  clean  energy,  the  smart  grid,  electric  vehicles  and  much  more.  we  100  guarantee  we  will  not  share  your  email  with  anyone.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  the  iot  develops  and  more  edge  devices  are  deployed  in  the  field,  undoubtedly  a  significant  portion  of  those  devices  will  be  battery  operated.  battery  operated  wireless  edge  nodes  are  convenient  and  cost  effective  because  they  require  no  access  to  electrical  infrastructure  and  can  be  easily  deployed.  the  potential  problem  with  battery  operated  devices  is  that  when  developers  are  under  the  gun  to  get  their  devices  built  and  out  the  door,  battery  life  is  one  of  the  last  things  on  their  mind.  there  are  several  things  that  a  developer  can  do  throughout  their  development  cycle  to  ensure  that  they  will
__label__energymonitoringmanagement be  able  to  properly  manage  their  devices  energy  consumption.  first,  when  a  developer  is  designing  their  hardware,  they  need  to  breakup  their  hardware  into  subsystems  and  provide  the  ability  to  add  a  current  shunt  resistor  to  measure  the  current  consumption  for  each  subsystem.  developers  should  consider  adding  the  current  shunt  resistor  to  circuits  and  subsystems  such  as:  being  able  to  monitor  the  current  in  these  systems  will  allow  a  developer  to  determine  where  energy  is  being  consumed  and  devise  ways  to  minimize  that  consumption.  the  nice  thing  about  these  current  shunts  is  that  in  production  they  can  be  replaced  with
__label__energymonitoringmanagement zeroohm  resistors  or  the  onboard  microcontrollers  analog  to  digital  convert  could  be  connected  to  them  so  that  the  energy  consumption  could  be  monitored  remotely.  next,  a  developer  has  a  huge  amount  of  control  over  the  energy  consumption  based  just  on  the  software  that  they  are  writing  for  their  embedded  controller.  the  microcontroller  has  the  ability  to  not  just  manage  its  own  energy  consumption  but  also  manage  the  wireless  controller  and  other  onboard  circuits.  for  example,  a  developer  with  an  arm  cortexm  processor  can  put  their  system  into  a  low  power  mode  and  wait  for  an  interrupt  to  wake  the  system.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  code  to  implement  such  a  behavior  is  as  simple  as  writing  a  few  lines  of  code:  which  quite  literally  means  wait  for  interrupt  and  puts  the  system  into  a  low  power  state.  that  interrupt  could  be  from  the  wireless  controller,  telling  the  microcontroller  that  there  is  data  to  be  processed  or  it  could  from  any  other  event  in  the  system  that  has  been  deemed  important  enough  to  wake  the  system.  dont  forget  that  battery  powered  devices  should  be  architected  so  that  they  are  event  driven  and  otherwise  spend  most  of  their  time  sleeping  waiting  for  events  to  occur.  another
__label__energymonitoringmanagement favorite  method  that  can  help  manage  energy  consumption  is  the  to  use  the  sleep  on  exit  capabilities  in  the  arm  cortexm  processors.  this  essentially  tells  the  processor  to  skip  the  context  switch  that  occurs  at  the  start  and  end  of  an  interrupt  because  the  same  interrupt  is  expected  to  fire  again.  this  can  shave  dozens  of  clock  cycles  off  the  software  execution  which  can  add  up  significantly  over  the  course  of  weeks  and  months.  this  feature  is  usually  enabled  by  enabling  the  sleeponexit  feature  in  the  system  control  block  as  follows:  now  these  last  two  techniques  are  simple  things  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement can  be  done  in  the  software  to  help  minimize  the  microcontrollers  energy  consumption.  the  real  secret  though  to  managing  the  energy  consumption  in  an  iot  device  is  that  you  have  to  measure  the  energy  consumption  and  correlate  it  to  the  code  that  is  being  executed.  without  making  measurements,  there  is  no  way  to  understand  if  an  interrupt  is  firing  too  often;  to  realize  if  a  particular  function  is  executing  longer  than  expected;  or  to  determine  where  the  energy  is  going  in  the  system.  once  measurements  are  performed,  a  developer  can  then  intelligently  dig  in  and  determine  the  best  optimizations  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  system  that  can  then  lead  to  a  finely  tuned  and  efficient  wireless  iot  node.  optimizing  and  managing  the  energy  consumption  in  a  wireless  iot  device  is  usually  one  of  the  last  things  a  developer  considers  before  they  push  the  product  out  the  door.  in  some  circumstances,  its  more  important  to  get  to  market  and  then  tune  and  update  later.  still,  managing  energy  consumption  will  be  difficult  if  a  developer  hasnt  thought  through  the  problem  and  ensured  that  the  hardware  and  software  is  in  place  to  easily  update  the  system  or  monitor  its  field  behavior.  weve  looked  at  a  few
__label__energymonitoringmanagement simple  ideas  to  get  you  started  today  which  can  at  least  ensure  you  have  a  few  fundamental  starting  points  to  managing  your  own  systems  energy  consumption.  additional  resources:  is  an  embedded  software  consultant,  advisor  and  educator  who  currently  works  with  clients  in  more  than  a  dozen  countries  to  dramatically  transform  their  software,  systems  and  processes.  feel  free  to  contact  him  at  jacobbeningo.com,  at  his  website  www.beningo.com,  and  signup  for  his  monthly  .  jen  mcdade  you  have  provided  an  nice  article,  thank  you  very  much  for  this  one.  and  i  hope  this  will  be  useful  for  many  people..  and  i  am
__label__energymonitoringmanagement waiting  for  your  next  post  keep  on  updating  these  kinds  of  knowledgeable  things.nn  you  must  or  to  post  a  comment.  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  your  account  has  been  deactivated.  sorry,  we  could  not  verify  that  email  address.  your  account  has  been  reactivated.  you  must  verify  your  email  address  before  signing  in.  check  your  email  for  your  verification  email,  or  enter  your  email  address  in  the  form  below  to  resend  the  email.  please  confirm  the  information  below  before  signing  in.  already  have  an  account?  we  have  sent  a  confirmation  email  to  emailaddressdata  .  please  check  your  email
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  click  on  the  link  to  verify  your  email  address.  weve  sent  an  email  with  instructions  to  create  a  new  password.  your  existing  password  has  not  been  changed.  foundexistingaccounttext  currentemailaddress  .  sorry,  we  could  not  verify  that  email  address.  enter  your  email  below,  and  well  send  you  another  email.  check  your  email  for  a  link  to  verify  your  email  address.  thank  you  for  verifiying  your  email  address.  your  password  has  been  successfully  updated.  we  didnt  recognize  that  password  reset  code.  enter  your  email  below,  and  well  send  you  another  email.  weve  sent  you  an  email  with  instructions  to  create  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement join  us  next  week,  october  710  kicking  off  in:  how  will  remotely  located  iot  devices  be  powered  in  the  future?  in  this  except  from  internet  of  things  for  architects,  perry  lea  takes  a  look  at  the  significant  problems  iot  designers  will  face  when  resolving  issues  about  energy  sources  and  power  management  for  iot  devices.  this  article  is  an  excerpt  from  the  book,  ,  written  by  perry  lea  and  published  by  packt  publishing.  with  this  book,  learn  to  design,  implement  and  secure  your  iot  infrastructure.  powering  sensors  and  edge  devices  reveal  a  significant  problem.  when  we  consider  that  sensors  and  edge
__label__energymonitoringmanagement devices  number  in  the  billions,  and  the  fact  they  will  be  used  in  very  remote  areas,  power  becomes  a  challenge.  furthermore,  there  will  be  iot  deployments  where  sensors  will  be  buried  undersea,  or  embedded  into  concrete  infrastructures,  further  complicating  power  sources.  in  this  post,  we  will  explore  the  concepts  of  energy  harvesting  and  power  management.  both  are  very  important  concepts  in  the  overall  iot  story.  managing  power  is  a  very  broad  topic,  and  spans  software  and  hardware.  it  is  important  to  understand  the  role  of  power  management  in  a  successful  iot  deployment,  and  how  to  manage  power  efficiently  for  remote
__label__energymonitoringmanagement devices  and  longlived  devices.  the  architect  must  build  a  power  budget  for  the  edge  device,  which  includes:  the  budget  simply  reflects  the  sum  of  these  power  contributors  subtracted  from  the  source  of  power  battery.  batteries  also  do  not  have  a  linear  power  behavior  over  time.  as  the  battery  loses  energy  capacity  while  discharging,  the  amount  of  voltage  will  drop  curvilinearly.  this  poses  problems  for  wireless  communication  systems.  if  the  battery  drops  below  a  minimum  voltage,  a  radio  or  microprocessor  will  not  reach  the  threshold  voltage  and  brown  out.  for  example,  the  ti  sensortag  c2650  has  the  following  power  characteristics:  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ti  sensortag  uses  a  standard  cr2032  coin  cell  battery  rated  at  240  mah.  therefore,  the  maximum  life  is  expected  to  be  about  44  hours.  however,  the  rate  of  decline  changes,  and  is  not  linear  for  batterybased  devices,  as  we  will  see  when  we  cover  peukerts  capacity.  many  power  management  practices  are  employed,  such  as  clock  gating  components  not  being  used  in  silicon,  reducing  the  clock  rates  of  processors  or  microcontrollers,  adjusting  the  sensing  frequency  and  broadcast  frequency,  backoff  strategies  to  reduce  communication  strength,  and  various  levels  of  sleep  modes.  these  techniques  are  widely  used  in  the  computing  business  as  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement general  practice.  the  techniques  described  here  reflect  reactionary  power  management  techniques.  they  try  to  minimize  energy  usage  based  on  dynamic  voltage,  frequency  scaling,  and  other  schemes.  new  techniques  to  consider  on  the  horizon  include  approximate  computing  and  probabilistic  design.  both  of  these  schemes  rely  on  the  fact  that  absolute  precision  is  not  necessary  at  all  times  in  a  sensor  environment  running  at  the  edge,  especially  in  use  cases  involving  signal  processing  and  wireless  communication.  approximate  computing  can  be  done  in  hardware  or  software,  and  simply  reduces  the  level  of  precision  in  integers  when  used  with  functional  units  such  as  addresses
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  multipliers  for  example,  the  value  17,962  is  fairly  close  to  17,970.  probabilistic  design  realizes  many  iot  deployments  can  tolerate  certain  degrees  of  faultiness  to  relax  design  constraints.  both  techniques  can  reduce  the  number  of  gates  and  power  to  an  almost  exponential  drop  over  regular  hardware  designs.  energy  harvesting  is  not  a  new  concept,  but  is  an  important  concept  for  iot.  essentially,  any  system  that  represents  a  change  in  state  for  example,  hot  to  cold,  radio  signals,  light  can  convert  its  form  of  energy  into  electrical  energy.  some  devices  use  this  as  their  sole  form  of  energy,  while  others  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement hybrid  systems  that  use  harvesting  to  augment  or  extend  the  life  of  a  battery.  in  turn,  energy  harvested  can  be  stored  and  used  sparingly  to  power  lowenergy  devices  such  as  sensors  in  iot.  systems  must  be  efficient  in  capturing  energy  and  storing  power.  therefore,  advanced  power  management  is  needed.  for  example,  if  an  energy  harvesting  system  uses  a  piezoelectric  mechanical  harvesting  technique  embedded  in  a  sidewalk,  it  will  need  to  compensate  when  there  is  not  enough  foot  traffic  to  keep  the  unit  charged.  constant  communication  with  energy  harvesting  systems  can  further  drain  the  power.  typically,  these  iot  deployments  will  use
__label__energymonitoringmanagement advanced  power  management  techniques  to  prevent  complete  loss  of  functionality.  techniques  such  as  low  standby  currents,  lowleakage  circuits,  and  clock  throttling  are  frequently  used.  the  following  figure  illustrates  the  area  where  energy  harvesting  is  ideal,  and  the  technology  that  it  can  power.  care  must  be  taken  by  the  architect  to  ensure  the  system  is  not  underpowered,  nor  overpowered.  harvesting  systems,  in  general,  have  a  low  energy  potential  and  low  conversion  efficiency.  an  architect  should  consider  energy  harvesting  in  situations  where  there  is  a  large  supply  of  untapped  waste  energy,  such  as  in  industrial  settings:  energy  harvesting  sweet  spots.  the  figure
__label__energymonitoringmanagement illustrates  typical  energy  consumption  for  various  devices.  energy  from  light,  whether  it  is  natural  or  artificial,  can  be  captured  and  used  as  an  energy  source.  the  same  a  photodiode  can  be  used  in  greater  quantities  to  build  a  traditional  solar  array.  the  capacity  of  energy  generation  is  a  function  of  the  area  of  the  solar  array.  in  practice,  indoor  solar  generation  is  not  as  efficient  as  direct  sunlight.  panels  are  rated  by  their  maximum  power  output  in  the  form  of  watts.  solar  harvesting  is  only  as  effective  as  how  much  the  sun  shines,  which  varies  seasonally  and  geographically.  a  region
__label__energymonitoringmanagement such  as  the  southwestern  us  can  reclaim  considerable  energy  from  direct  photovoltaic  sources.  the  photovoltaic  solar  resource  of  the  united  states  map  was  created  by  the  for  the  u.s.  department  of  energy  shown  as  follows:  solar  energy  map  of  united  states  in  energy  density  of  kwh/m2  19982009.  in  the  united  states,  southwest  regions  fare  particularly  well  with  sun  intensity,  generally  lack  cloud  light  barriers,  and  have  good  atmospheric  conditions.  whereas,  alaska  has  the  weakest  energy  density.  solar  photovoltaics  are  not  typically  efficient.  one  can  expect  an  8  to  20  efficiency,  with  12  being  typical.  regardless,  a  25  cm2  solar  array
__label__energymonitoringmanagement could  produce  300  mw  at  peak  power.  another  factor  is  the  incidence  of  light.  for  a  solar  collector  to  achieve  such  efficiency,  the  light  source  must  be  perpendicular  to  the  array.  if  the  angle  of  incidence  changes  as  the  sun  moves,  the  efficiency  drops  further.  a  12  efficiency  collector  when  the  sun  is  perpendicular  will  be  roughly  9.6  efficient  when  the  sun  is  30  degrees  from  being  perpendicular.  the  most  basic  solar  collector  is  the  solar  cell  that  is  a  simple  pn  semiconductor,  and  similar  to  the  photoelectric  sensors  discussed  earlier.  as  explained  earlier,  an  electric  potential  is  generated  between
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  p  and  n  material  when  a  photon  is  captured.  piezoelectric  effects  can  not  only  be  used  as  sensors,  but  can  also  be  used  to  generate  power.  mechanical  strains  can  be  converted  to  energy  through  motion,  vibration,  and  even  sound.  these  harvesters  could  be  used  in  smart  roadways  and  infrastructures  to  harvest  and  change  systems  based  on  traffic  movement,  even  when  embedded  in  concrete.  these  devices  produce  currents  on  the  order  of  milliwatts,  and  thus  are  suitable  for  very  small  systems  with  some  form  of  energy  collection  and  storage.  this  process  can  be  performed  using  mems  piezomechanical  devices,  electrostatic,  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement electromagnetic  systems.  electrostatic  harvesting  incorporates  faradays  law,  which  basically  states  that  one  can  induce  an  electric  current  by  changing  the  magnetic  flux  across  a  coil  of  wire.  here,  the  vibration  is  coupled  either  to  the  coil  or  a  magnet.  unfortunately,  this  scheme  in  the  iot  sensor  area  provides  too  little  voltage  for  rectification.  electrostatic  systems  use  the  change  in  distance  between  two  capacitive  plates  held  at  a  constant  voltage  or  charge.  as  the  vibration  causes  the  distance  to  change  between  the  plates,  energy  e  can  be  harvested  based  on  the  following  model:  here,  q  is  the  constant  charge  on  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement plates,  v  is  the  constant  voltage,  and  c  represents  capacitance  in  the  preceding  equation.  capacitance  can  also  be  represented  by  the  length  of  the  plate  lw,  the  relative  static  permittivity  as  0,  and  the  distance  between  plates  d  as  shown:  an  electrostatic  conversion  has  the  advantage  of  being  scalable  and  costefficient  to  produce  through  micromachining  and  semiconductor  fabrication.  the  last  method  for  mechanicaltoelectrical  conversion  is  piezomechanical.  the  same  basic  concept  applies  to  energy  generation.  as  the  piezomechanical  mems  device  attempts  to  dampen  the  mass  attached  to  it,  the  oscillations  will  be  converted  into  an  electrical  current.  another  consideration  for  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement capture  and  conversion  of  vibrational  or  mechanical  energy  is  the  need  for  conditioning  before  the  energy  is  used  or  stored.  normally,  a  passive  rectifier  is  used  for  conditioning  by  incorporating  a  large  filtering  capacitor.  other  forms  of  energy  harvesting  do  not  need  such  conditioning.  energy  harvesting  has  been  in  production  for  years  in  the  form  of  rfid  tags.  rfid  enjoys  the  benefit  of  being  a  nearfield  communication  that  uses  a  transceiver  that  essentially  powers  the  rfid  tag  due  to  its  close  proximity.  for  farfield  applications,  we  need  to  harvest  energy  from  broadcast  transmissions.  broadcast  transmissions  are  nearly  everywhere,  with  service
__label__energymonitoringmanagement from  televisions,  cell  signals,  and  radio.  capturing  energy  from  radio  frequencies  versus  other  forms  is  particularly  difficult,  as  rf  signals  have  the  smallest  energy  density  of  all  harvesting  techniques.  the  capturing  of  rf  signals  is  based  on  having  the  appropriate  antenna  to  capture  a  frequency  band.  typical  frequency  bands  used  are  in  the  531  to  1611  khz  range  all  in  the  am  radio  range.  thermal  energy  can  be  converted  into  an  electric  current  for  any  device  exhibiting  heat  flow.  thermal  energy  can  be  converted  into  electrical  energy  by  two  basic  processes:  the  thermoelectric  effect  seebeck  effect  is  produced  when  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement gradient  of  temperature  exists  in  conducting  materials.  the  flow  of  carriers  from  a  hot  to  a  cold  region  between  two  dissimilar  electrical  conductors  creates  a  voltage  differential.  a  thermocouple,  or  ,  could  effectively  produce  voltage  simply  based  on  the  temperature  difference  of  a  human,  based  on  their  core  body  temperature  and  outside  temperature.  a  temperature  difference  of  5  degrees  celsius  could  generate  40  uw  at  3v.  as  heat  flows  through  the  conduction  material,  a  hotside  electrode  induces  electron  flow  to  a  coldside  electrodeproducing  current.  modern  thermoelectric  devices  use  n  or  ptype  bismuth  telluride  in  series.  one  side  is  exposed  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  source  of  heat  called  the  thermocouple,  and  the  other  is  isolated.  the  energy  harvested  by  the  thermopile  is  proportional  to  the  square  of  the  voltage  and  equivalent  to  the  temperature  difference  between  the  electrodes.  one  can  model  the  energy  harvested  by  a  thermocouple  by  the  following  equation:  here  s1  and  s2  represent  the  different  seebeck  coefficients  for  each  of  the  two  materials  n  and  ptype  in  the  thermopile  when  there  is  a  temperature  differential,  th  tl.  since  the  seebeck  coefficients  are  functions  of  temperature  and  there  exists  a  temperature  difference,  the  result  is  a  voltage  difference.  this  voltage  is
__label__energymonitoringmanagement generally  very  small,  so  many  thermocouples  are  used  in  series  to  form  a  thermopile.  one  substantial  problem  with  current  thermocouples  is  the  poor  efficiency  of  the  energy  conversion  less  than  10;  however,  their  advantages  are  notable,  including  their  small  size  and  ease  of  manufacturing,  resulting  in  fairly  low  costs.  they  also  have  a  very  long  lifetime  of  over  100,000  hours.  the  main  problem,  of  course,  is  finding  a  relatively  constant  source  of  thermal  variance.  using  such  a  device  in  an  environment  throughout  multiple  seasons  and  temperatures  is  challenging.  for  iot  devices,  thermoelectric  generation  typically  resides  in  the  50  mw  range.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement thermionic  generation  is  based  on  the  ejection  of  electrons  from  a  hot  electrode  to  a  cold  electrode  over  a  potential  barrier.  the  barrier  is  the  work  function  of  the  material,  and  is  best  used  when  there  is  a  significant  source  of  heat  energy.  while  its  efficiencies  are  better  than  thermoelectric  systems,  the  energy  required  to  jump  the  potential  barrier  makes  it  generally  unsuitable  for  iot  sensor  devices.  alternative  schemes  such  as  quantum  tunneling  could  be  considered,  but  it  currently  remains  a  research  activity.  typical  storage  for  an  iot  sensor  will  be  a  battery  or  supercapacitor.  when  considering  the  architecture  for
__label__energymonitoringmanagement sensor  power,  one  must  consider  several  aspects:  battery  capacity  is  measured  in  amphours.  a  simplified  equation  to  estimate  the  life  of  a  battery  power  source  is  given  as:  in  the  equation,  cp  is  peukerts  capacity,  i  represents  the  discharge  current,  and  n  is  peukerts  exponent.  the  peukert  effect,  as  its  known,  helps  predict  the  life  of  a  battery  where  the  capacity  of  a  battery  decreases  at  a  different  rate  as  discharge  increases.  the  equation  shows  how  discharging  at  higher  rates  removes  more  power  from  the  battery.  alternatively,  discharging  at  lower  rates  will  increase  the  effective  runtime  of  the  battery.  one
__label__energymonitoringmanagement way  of  thinking  of  this  phenomenon  is  a  battery  manufacturer  rated  at  100  ah,  and  discharging  it  fully  in  20  hours  5a,  for  this  example.  if  one  were  to  discharge  it  faster  say,  in  10  hours,  the  capacity  would  be  lower.  if  one  were  to  discharge  it  more  slowly  say,  over  40  hours,  it  would  be  greater.  however,  when  represented  on  a  graph,  the  relationship  is  nonlinear.  peukerts  exponent  usually  lies  between  1.1  and  1.3.  as  n  increases,  we  move  further  from  a  perfect  battery  to  one  that  discharges  faster  as  the  current  increases.  peukerts  curve  applies  to  leadacid  battery
__label__energymonitoringmanagement performance,  and  an  example  is  shown  in  this  next  graph:  peukert  curves  from  1.1  to  1.5  for  a  battery  rated  at  100a  over  20  hours.  the  curves  show  the  declining  capacity  as  the  peukert  coefficient  grows.  one  can  see  the  difference  in  discharge  rates  for  various  types  of  batteries.  one  advantage  of  alkaline  batteries  is  that  the  discharge  rate  is  almost  linear  in  a  large  portion  of  the  graph.  lithiumion  has  a  stairstep  function  in  performance,  thus  making  battery  charge  predictions  more  difficult.  that  said,  liion  provides  a  near  steady  and  continuous  voltage  level  over  the  life  of  the  charge,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  consistently  powers  electronics  over  the  span  of  its  charge:  example  of  relative  discharge  rates  for  various  batteries.  liion  provides  a  nearly  constant  voltage  over  its  life,  but  has  a  precipitous  drop  towards  the  end  of  its  storage  capacity.  the  graph  also  illustrates  that  lead  acid  and  nicd  have  less  voltage  potential  and  a  curvilinear  degradation  in  power  that  can  be  computed  more  reliably.  the  trailing  slopes  are  also  indicative  of  peukerts  capacity.  temperature  greatly  affects  battery  life,  and  specifically  the  electroactive  carriers  in  a  cell.  as  temperature  increases,  the  internal  resistance  of  a  battery  decreases  when  being  discharged.  even
__label__energymonitoringmanagement when  batteries  are  stored,  they  can  selfdischarge,  which  impacts  the  total  lifetime  of  a  battery.  a  ragone  plot  is  a  useful  way  to  show  the  relationship  between  energy  storage  systems  when  trading  off  energy  capacity  and  power  handling.  it  is  a  logbased  scale  where  the  energy  density  wh/kg  of  a  power  source  is  plotted  against  the  power  density  w/kg.  this  relationship  shows  devices  that  tend  to  have  a  greater  lifetime  batteries  versus  devices  that  tend  to  store  more  energy  supercapacitors:  ragone  plot  depicting  capacitor,  supercapacitors,  battery,  and  fuel  cell  differences  in  energy  capacity  versus  lifetime  supply  of  energy.  batteries  like
__label__energymonitoringmanagement liion  have  higher  energy  density  and  discharge  rates  than  nickelcadmium  and  nickelhydride  batteries.  capacitors  produce  very  highpower  densities,  but  are  relatively  weak  energy  density.  note  the  plot  is  logbased,  and  also  shows  the  discharge  time  for  various  storage  systems.  image  courtesy  of  c  knight,  j.  davidson,  s.  behrens  energy  options  for  wireless  sensor  nodes,  sensors,  2008,  812,  80378066.  typically,  a  battery  is  the  standard  form  of  power  in  mobile  devices  due  to  its  energy  density.  in  such  a  battery,  lithiumions  physically  move  from  the  negative  electrode  to  the  positive.  during  recharge,  the  ions  move  back  to  the  negative  region.  this
__label__energymonitoringmanagement is  known  as  an  ionic  movement.  batteries  also  develop  memories  with  many  chargedischarge  cycles.  this  capacity  loss  is  expressed  as  a  measure  of  the  initial  capacity  for  example,  30  loss  after  1,000  cycles.  this  degradation  is  almost  directly  correlated  to  environmental  temperature,  and  loss  will  increase  in  a  hightemperature  environment.  therefore,  it  is  imperative  that  the  architects  manage  thermals  in  a  constrained  environment  if  lithiumion  is  to  be  used.  another  factor  in  battery  life  is  selfdischarge.  when  unwanted  chemical  reactions  occur  in  a  battery  cell,  energy  will  be  lost.  the  rate  of  loss  depends  on  chemistry  and  temperature.  typically,  a
__label__energymonitoringmanagement liion  can  last  for  10  years  at  2  loss  per  month,  while  an  alkaline  battery  will  only  last  5  years  15  to  20  loss  per  month.  supercapacitors  or  supercaps  store  energy  at  significantly  higher  volumes  than  typical  capacitors.  a  typical  capacitor  will  have  an  energy  density  of  somewhere  between  0.01  watthours/kg.  a  supercap  has  an  energy  density  of  1  to  10  watthours/kg,  thus  placing  them  closer  to  the  energy  density  of  a  battery  that  can  be  on  the  order  of  200  watthours/kg.  like  a  capacitor,  energy  is  stored  electrostatically  on  a  plate,  and  doesnt  involve  the  chemical  transfer  of  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement like  a  battery.  usually,  supercaps  are  made  of  fairly  exotic  materials  like  graphene,  which  can  impact  on  overall  cost.  supercaps  also  have  the  advantage  of  charging  to  their  full  potential  in  seconds,  whereas  liion  batteries  will  charge  within  minutes  to  approximately  80,  but  require  a  trickle  current  to  safely  get  higher.  additionally,  supercaps  cant  be  overcharged,  whereas  liion  can  be  overcharged  and  can  result  in  serious  safety  concerns.  supercaps  come  in  two  forms:  supercaps  have  an  advantage  over  batteries  in  predicting  the  remaining  time  power  will  be  available.  the  remaining  energy  can  be  predicted  from  the  terminal  voltage,  which  changes
__label__energymonitoringmanagement over  time.  lithiumion  batteries  have  a  flat  energy  profile  from  fully  charged  to  discharged,  thus  rendering  time  estimation  difficult.  since  the  voltage  profile  of  a  supercap  changes  over  time,  a  dcdc  converter  is  needed  to  compensate  for  wide  variations  in  voltage.  in  general,  the  main  issues  with  supercaps  or  capacitors  are  the  leakage  current  and  the  cost.  as  can  be  seen  in  the  following  table,  supercaps  have  their  place.  one  will  often  see  them  in  a  hybrid  solution  with  regular  batteries  to  provide  instantaneous  power  for  example,  electric  vehicle  acceleration,  while  the  battery  supply  sustains  running  power.  a  radioactive  source
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  a  high  energy  density  105kj/cm3  can  generate  thermal  energy  due  to  the  kinetic  energy  of  emitted  particles.  sources  such  as  cesium137  have  a  halflife  of  30  years  and  a  power  capacity  of  0.015  w/gm.  this  method  can  generate  power  in  the  watttokw  range,  but  isnt  practical  in  lowpower  sensor  levels  for  iot  deployments.  space  vehicles  have  used  this  technology  for  decades.  promising  developments  using  mems  piezoelectronics  that  capture  electrons  and  force  a  microarmature  to  move  can  create  mechanical  energy  that  may  be  harvested.  a  secondary  effect  of  radioactive  decay  is  the  relatively  weak  power  density  profile.  a  radiation  source
__label__energymonitoringmanagement with  a  long  halflife  will  have  weaker  power  density.  thus,  they  are  suitable  for  bulkcharging  supercaps  to  provide  momentary  energy  when  needed.  the  final  issue  with  radioactive  sources  is  the  significant  weight  of  lead  shielding  required.  cesium137  requires  80  mm/w  of  shielding,  which  can  add  significant  cost  and  weight  to  an  iot  sensor.  choosing  the  correct  power  source  is  critical,  as  mentioned  earlier.  the  following  table  provides  a  summary  comparison  of  different  components  in  a  system  to  be  considered  when  picking  the  correct  power  source:  you  just  enjoyed  an  excerpt  from  the  book,  ,  written  by  perry  lea  and  published
__label__energymonitoringmanagement by  packt  publishing.  use  the  code  at  checkout  to  get  recommended  ebook  retail  price  for  9  only  until  .  to  know  why  iot  needs  architects,  check  out  an  ,  author  of  another  iot  book,  .  richard  gall  is  communications  manager  at  ,  utilizing  his  background  in  writing  and  publishing  to  help  packt  in  their  mission  to  help  the  world  put  software  to  work  in  new  ways.  packt,  one  of  the  biggest  tech  publishers  in  the  world,  deliver  effective  learning  and  information  services  to  it  professionals.  comment  on  energy  sources  and  power  management  in  iot  sensors  and  edge  devices  there  are
__label__energymonitoringmanagement primary,  nonrechargeable  batteries  that  can  last  over  40  years  in  sensors  as  well  as  20  year  rechargeable  cells  with  5000  full  cycles.  join  us  in  london  featured  posts  trending  posts  tips,  tricks  and  tutorials  topics  pages  follow  jaxenter  ss  media
__label__energymonitoringmanagement refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  welcome  to  a  new  edition  of  our  series.  in  my  ,  i  talked  about  facilities  management  and  improving  your  buildings  operations.  today,  i  am  going  to  continue  on  the  buildings  theme  and  discuss  a  hot  topic  for  any  building  owner  or  occupant:  energy  consumption.  do  you  know  your  buildings  n?  lets  say  you  have  a  campus  full  of  buildings.  do  you  know  which  buildings  are  consuming  the  most  energy?  can  you  look  inside  and  see  which  assets  are  consuming  excessive  energy,  as  well
__label__energymonitoringmanagement as  when  and  for  how  long  the  spikes  occurred?  can  you  predict  your  energy  usage  for  the  next  48  hours,  or  at  the  end  of  the  month,  or  the  year?  and,  in  the  end,  do  you  know  where  your  opportunities  to  improve  are?  can  you  link  this  usage  to  redesigning  your  space,  tracking  the  work  effort,  and  changes?  rising  energy  costs  and  a  desire  for  improved  corporate  citizenship  drives  organizations  to  rethink  their  energy  consumption  across  the  entire  enterprise.  they  do  so  to  achieve  aggressive  energy  reduction  targets.  but,  how  can  you  achieve  this  if  you  are  relying  on  afterthefact
__label__energymonitoringmanagement reporting?  how  can  you  manage  how  many  unnecessary  lights  were  left  on  overnight  when  its  already  morning?  how  can  you  manage  precooling  an  entire  building  in  preparation  for  the  start  of  a  working  day?  does  it  complicate  things  to  find  out  that  the  building  has  only  a  few  floors  occupied?  maybe  youre  ahead  of  the  game  and  youve  already  taken  the  next  step  towards  the  internet  of  things  iot.  but  now,  you  have  all  this  data  that  your  sensors  and  meters  are  sending  you.  are  you  equipped  to  deal  with  the  added  complexity?  it  requires  a  foundational  understanding  on  what
__label__energymonitoringmanagement all  the  data  means  and  how  your  overall  real  estate  portfolio  is  performing.  one  quick  fix  could  be  to  monitor  only  one  building  to  set  a  base,  but  does  that  really  solve  the  problem  of  optimizing  your  entire  enterprise?  you  have  so  much  data  coming  from  many  diverse  sources  and  your  buildings  have  patterns  of  usage  you  dont  see  with  the  naked  eye.  this  is  why  its  important  to  infuse  an  added  layer  to  your  building  operations  taking  advantage  of  artificial  intelligence  ai.  ai  allows  you  to  perform  analysis  on  that  data,  better  understand  your  energy  usage,  know  where  issues
__label__energymonitoringmanagement are  stemming  from,  and  predict  future  consumption  across  the  entire  enterprise.  you  gain  the  ability  to  prioritize  maintenance,  understand  where  and  when  the  anomalous  behavior  will  appear,  and  how  to  address  it  properly.  finally,  you  gain  realtime  insight  into  excessive  energy  waste  as  well  as  the  opportunity  to  take  corrective  actions.  ai  drives  deeper  insights  from  the  data  that  youre  already  collecting  from  iot  sensors,  meters,  building  management  systems,  or  an  external  system.  it  constantly  learns  the  energy  usage  behavior  of  the  building  and  the  assets  in  them.  it  adds  contextual  information  about  things  such  as  occupancy  and  the  weather.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement it  then  analyzes  the  data  to  create  a  base  structure  of  usage  patterns  for  each  of  your  buildings.  in  this  way,  you  are  able  to  immediately  identify  anomalies,  predict  energy  consumption,  and  identify  waste.  recently,  we  partnered  with  a  leading  european  retailer  to  help  address  the  lack  of  insights  from  their  data  collection  efforts.  the  customer  was  gathering  approximately  678  tb  of  data  per  year,  getting  no  added  value  just  from  having  collected  the  data.  by  leveraging  ibm  iot  building  insights,  the  company  was  able  to  target  energy  optimization  activities,  yielding  a  20  percent  reduction  in  cooling  efforts  across  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement stores.  this  level  of  savings,  when  deployed  across  their  entire  portfolio,  could  yield  an  energy  cost  saving  in  the  realm  of  22  million.  thats  a  lot  of  energy  waste  they  didnt  see  with  the  naked  eye.  the  benefits  are  obvious.  optimal  usage  of  energy,  money  saved,  a  reduced  carbon  footprint,  and  an  overall  better  understanding  of  your  enterprise  there  are  no  surprises.  the  potential  is  enormous.  and,  its  within  your  reach  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__energymonitoringmanagement romolo  tavani  fotolia  employees  today  want  their  employers  to  do  more  than  just  sign  a  paycheck  they  want  them  to  take  action.  corporate  sustainability  models  arent  new,  but  now,  thanks  to  iot,  businesses  have  technological  means  to  meet  one  of  corporate  sustainabilitys  biggest  hurdles:  reducing  the  companys  environmental  impact.  its  time  for  enterprises  to  take  action,  both  for  their  employees  and  the  earth.  and  iot  is  here  to  help.  how  do  iot  and  sustainability  work  together?  check  out  these  seven  use  cases.  intelligent  electricity  distribution  systems  enable  utility  providers  to  remotely  their  assets.  with  connected  systems,  companies  can  manage  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement distribution  and  reroute  energy  during  outages.  they  can  even  prorate  electricity  based  on  supply  and  demand,  especially  when  renewable  resources,  such  as  wind,  solar  or  hydroelectric  power,  are  involved.  also  enable  utility  providers  to  know  about  outages  before  their  customers  report  them  and  to  monitor  equipment  and  perform  maintenance  before  an  infrastructure  fails.  for  providers,  this  means  improved  efficiency  and  streamlined  energy  distribution.  for  smart  home  or  smart  building  consumers,  it  means  receiving  transparent  feedback  about  energy  use  that  can  help  them  to  adjust  their  habits  and  potentially  reduce  monthly  bills  via  managed  energy  consumption.  according  to  the  environmental  defense
__label__energymonitoringmanagement fund,  smart  grids  are  expected  to  cut  air  pollution  from  the  energy  industry  by  up  to  30,  preventing  34,000  deaths  a  year.  and  because  smart  grids  can  incorporate  renewable  power  sources,  their  energy  savings  can  be  equated  to  70  million  road  trips  around  the  world.  a  key  piece  of  a  smart  grid  infrastructure,  gather  realtime  energy  data,  as  well  as  water  and  gas  data.  rather  than  waiting  for  monthly  manual  readings,  businesses  and  homes  with  smart  meters  get  realtime  data  that  enables  them  to  make  smarter  decisions  about  their  energy,  water  and  gas  consumption  and  to  modify  habits  to  save
__label__energymonitoringmanagement money  and  reduce  their  carbon  footprint.  utility  companies  also  benefit,  as  systems  can  be  remotely  monitored,  allowing  for  better  response  to  problems  and  efficient  maintenance.  utilities  fuel  costs  are  also  reduced  as  employees  dont  need  to  drive  around  to  collect  data  from  standard  meters.  realtime  monitoring  for  behavioral  changes  can  affect  up  to  40  of  a  buildings  energy  consumption,  according  to  the  authors  of  the  paper  a  literature  survey  on  measuring  energy  usage  for  miscellaneous  electric  loads  in  offices  and  commercial  buildings.  additionally,  british  gas  that  stated  that  its  residential  customers  using  smart  meters  save  nearly  42  a  year  on
__label__energymonitoringmanagement their  energy  bill.  in  agricultural  scenarios,  be  it  on  a  farm  or  an  orchard  or  a  buildings  or  residents  lawn,  monitor  soil  saturation  to  prevent  over  and  underwatering.  water  sensors  are  also  instrumental  in  ,  a  critical  task  after  floods,  hurricanes  and  other  natural  disasters  to  ensure  wastewater  and  chemicals  have  not  tainted  potable  water  supplies.  likewise,  iot  sensors  embedded  into  water  management  infrastructures  can  monitor  local  weather  forecasts  and  control  drainage  to  minimize  flooding,  stormwater  runoff  or  property  damage.  smart  sensors  can  also  be  added  to  plumbing  systems  to  alert  homeowners  and  building  managers  to  potential  leaks  or  even
__label__energymonitoringmanagement turn  off  water  supplies  to  prevent  flooding  mitigating  millions  of  dollars  in  potential  water  damage.  according  to  the  united  states  environmental  protection  agency,  up  to  50  of  the  water  used  outdoors  is  wasted  due  to  inefficient  watering  methods.  a  smart  irrigation  system  can  save  up  to  70  of  the  water  wasted,  per  the  associated  landscape  contractors  of  colorado.  also,  sensus  reported  that  up  to  30  of  the  water  in  the  u.s.  is  lost  to  leaks  and  storage  tank  overflows;  adding  iot  can  help  reduce  leakage  waste  by  20.  lighting  is  a  top  use  case  of  iot  for  sustainability.  adding  internet
__label__energymonitoringmanagement connectivity  and  intelligence  to  lighting  systems  in  buildings  is  an  integral  component  of  optimizing  electricity  use.  temperature  and  light  sensors  not  only  mimic  natural  light  cycles  an  important  point,  as  americans  spend  nearly  90  of  their  time  indoors  nowadays  but  they  also  conserve  energy.  for  example,  sensors  can  detect  when  a  room  is  empty  and  or  adjust  lighting  depending  on  the  amount  of  natural  light  coming  through  the  windows.  smart  led  lights  use  nearly  50  less  electricity  than  traditional  bulbs  and  last  more  than  eight  times  as  long.  add  intelligence  to  those  leds  and  companies  can  achieve  up  to  99
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  cost  savings,  as  reported  by  enmodus.  with  iot  takes  smart  lighting  to  the  next  level.  with  the  same  benefits  of  adjusting  lighting  based  on  natural  conditions,  as  well  as  the  presence  of  pedestrians  and  vehicles,  smart  streetlights  also  provide  the  infrastructure  needed  to  deploy  other  smart  city  applications,  such  as  security  cameras,  air  quality  monitors,  traffic  management  and  gunshot  detection,  among  others.  beyond  using  50  less  energy  than  halogens,  smart  leds  generate  1020  savings  by  adjusting  to  natural  conditions,  reported  navigant  research.  using  sensors,  companies  and  municipalities  can  about  indoor  and  outdoor  air,  including  the  temperature,  humidity,  barometric  pressure
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  carbon  dioxide.  such  smart  sensors  can  detect  the  presence  and  saturation  of  volatile  organic  compounds,  carbon  monoxide,  nitrogen  monoxide  and  dioxide,  ozone,  methane,  black  carbon,  and  particulate  matter  in  real  time.  this  information  can  help  cities,  organizations  and  individuals  monitor,  analyze  and  determine  the  locations  and,  potentially,  the  causes  of  pollution,  enabling  them  to  take  action  and  fix  air  quality  issues.  iot  air  quality  sensors  collect  targeted,  realtime,  locationspecific  data,  allowing  corrective  action  to  be  taken.  in  some  cases,  sensors,  such  as  those  from  libelium,  can  identify  gas  at  concentrations  as  small  as  0.1  parts  per  million.  waste  management,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement both  at  a  company  and  city  level,  is  a  crucial  component  of  environmental  and  corporate  sustainability.  on  city  streets  alert  waste  management  companies  when  they  are  full,  allowing  a  company  to  dispatch  collectors  only  when  necessary.  this  reduces  fuel  consumption,  but  also  lessens  street  congestion.  networked  waste  receptacles  can  also  help  consumers  more  easily  locate  trash  or  recycling  opportunities,  as  well  as  better  identify  what  materials  can  be  recycled.  smart  waste  collection  can  reduce  the  number  of  collection  instances  by  up  to  80,  according  to  bigbelly.  this,  in  turn,  reduces  collection  costs  by  nearly  30  and  lowers  carbon  emissions  up
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  60,  sensoneo  reported.  iot  is  also  instrumental  in  the  sustainable  development  of  products.  in  product  design  help  manufacturers  determine  the  energy  impact  and  resource  consumption  of  the  devices  theyre  creating,  as  well  as  determine  the  lifespan.  using  smart  design,  manufacturers  can  create  devices  that  consume  less  energy  and  create  less  waste.  potential  issues  can  also  be  determined  by  simulating  the  devices  with  digital  twins,  enabling  manufactures  to  fix  design  flaws,  in  turn  saving  money  in  repairs  and  replacements,  as  well  as  downtime  and  upgrades.  consumers,  businesses  and  individuals  alike,  are  concerned  about  the  origins  of  the  products  they  purchase.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  recent  unilever  survey  revealed  33  of  consumers  choose  brands  based  on  their  social  and  environmental  impact.  companies  can  prove  their  sustainability  measures  with  iot.  a  connected  supply  chain  offers  transparency  into  each  stop  a  product  makes  and  the  source  of  each  product  component,  allowing  brands  to  to  products  to  provide  full  traceability  and  visibility  throughout  the  supply  chain.  asks:  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch  up  on  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data
__label__energymonitoringmanagement center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement share  this  post  according  to  ,  the  internet  of  things  iot  will  connect  20  billion  things  worldwide  by  2020.  iot  uses  a  network  of  connected  devices  they  can  be  wearables,  physical  devices,  vehicles  or  any  other  equipment  that  are  embedded  with  a  sensor  and  connected  more  to  the  internet.  the  sensors  detect  data  coming  out  of  these  devices  that  can  be  used  for  realtime  analytics  and  take  action  based  on  those  analytics.  businesses  across  all  industry  verticals  are  competing  to  adopt  this  new  technology  to  capitalize  on  the  opportunities  it  brings  to  the  table.  iot  is  being  used  to  achieve
__label__energymonitoringmanagement various  business  goals  like  generating  revenue,  increasing  customer  engagement  and  for  operational  efficiency.  more  there  is  no  doubt  about  the  value  that  iot  brings  to  the  table.  here  is  the  value  spectrum  as  presented  by  gartner.  one  of  the  prominent  items  to  note  above  is  to  conserve  resources  and  this  is  most  valuable  in  the  energy  sector.  energy  efficiency  is  the  number  one  goal  to  promote  sustainability  of  energy  in  the  world  and  to  reduce  the  carbon  footprint.  since  buildings  represent  about  2040  of  the  total  energy  consumed  in  developed  countries,  it  is  crucial  that  they  focus  on  this  primary
__label__energymonitoringmanagement goal  of  energy  efficiency.  since  the  world  is  entering  this  new  era  of  using  iot  for  smart  homes  and  smart  city  projects,  it  is  evident  to  use  it  for  energy  efficiencies  in  buildings.  iot  is  a  very  powerful  tool  in  building  management  systems.  iot  utilizes  low  energy  sensors,  actuators  and  network  to  measure,  analyze,  monitor  and  control  the  systems  in  a  business  energy  management  system  bems.  with  proper  implementation  of  iot,  the  buildings  can  aim  to  become  smart  and  even  green  buildings.  an  iotenabled  energy  efficient  building  has  the  advantages  of  low  cost  automation,  monitoring  continuous  data,  data  analysis  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement automatic  control  of  systems.  let  us  take  a  look  at  how  you  can  maximize  the  use  of  iot  for  energy  efficiency  to  enhance  building  performance  and  sustainability.  most  buildings  often  have  access  to  aggregate  energy  consumption  data  but  lack  the  access  to  realtime  information.  the  ability  to  track  realtime  data  will  provide  the  factors  affecting  energy  performance.  this  also  helps  in  providing  abnormal  energy  factors  and  help  in  recommendations  on  how  to  reduce  energy  consumption  in  a  building.  iot  uses  sensors  to  capture  energy  consumption  data  as  well  as  factors  like  temperature,  pressure  etc.  energy  managers  and  building  controls  engineers
__label__energymonitoringmanagement are  able  to  easily  visualize  these  on  any  smart  device.  data  collected  will  help  in  understanding  not  only  the  level  of  energy  usage  but  also  in  implementing  corrective  and  preventive  action.  this  data  can  also  be  used  for  generating  reports  to  evaluate:  below  is  an  example  of  realtime  monitoring  from  .  here  is  an  example  of  realtime  monitoring  from  by  utilizing  iot  to  monitor  the  energy  consumption,  you  can  improve  the  operations  of  the  energy  equipment  by  allocating  resources  to  the  actual  demand.  smart  meters  are  often  used  to  optimize  energy  usage  and  costs.  lighting/heating/cooling  can  be  optimized  for  peak
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  offpeak  hours.  since  iot  allows  you  to  track  data  at  a  device  level,  you  gain  visibility  into  granular  data  and  take  necessary  steps  to  avoid  wastage.  examples  of  energy  efficient  iot  ranges  from  simple  sensors  like  temperature  adjustors  to  more  complex  ones  like  industrial  circuit  breakers  and  building  automation  controllers.  according  to  john  tuccillo,  senior  vice  president  of  global  industry  and  government  affairs  at  schneider  electric,  by  managing  the  energy  usage  of  devices,  cloudbased  energy  management  solutions  can  understand  how  each  is  using  energy  in  relation  to  its  environment.  and  from  there,  energy  can  be  controlled  so  that  only
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  exact  amount  of  energy  needed  for  that  device  and  its  intended  purpose  is  used.  some  iot  solutions  in  the  marketplace  offer  optimized  building  space  control  where  real  time  heat  maps  of  room  occupancy  are  generated  and  co2  and  temperature  is  tracked  to  help  with  quick  response  times  and  easy  adjustments  .  traditional  data  analysis  involves  data  collection,  data  processing  and  data  storage.  with  the  use  of  iot  you  can  adopt  more  modern  uses  like  big  data  that  provides  advanced  technology  of  predictive  and  prescriptive  analytics  using  large  volume  of  data.  this  involves  looking  at  behavioral  patterns  of  energy  management
__label__energymonitoringmanagement and  historical  data  from  large  data  sets  to  plan  for  future  consumption  as  well  as  energysaving  measures.  it  also  helps  with  taking  justintime  improvements,  mitigate  risks  and  optimize  equipment.  you  can  also  develop  forecasting  models  to  drive  decisionmaking.  these  analytics  could  be  used  for  reports  and  dashboards  to  showcase  improvements  in  efficiency.  you  can  also  use  data  analytics  with  the  help  of  iot  to  design  future  systems  as  well  as  gather  insights  of  endtoend  processes.  this  will  help  building  management  systems  personnel  with  a  better  understanding  of  not  only  current  usage  but  also  future  failure  points.  this  can  also  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement extended  for  new  use  case  like  the  case  of  oklahoma  gas  electric,  in  a  bid  to  substantially  shed  load  by  2020,  is  using  customer  analytics  to  gain  visibility  on  individual  customers  responses  to  price  signals.  one  of  the  ways  building  energy  managers  and  facility  engineers  maintain  energy  efficiency  is  by  turning  off  lights  or  adjusting  heat  and  ventilation  sometime  only  for  an  hour  or  so  to  see  results  in  energy  savings.  by  reducing  their  energy  use  during  peak  times,  they  help  national  grid  to  maintain  peak  loads  as  well  receive  dividends  and  incentives.  imagine  automating  this  entire  process  or  using
__label__energymonitoringmanagement remote  access  to  adjust  use.  iot  allows  you  to  do  that  using  smart  sensors  to  control  individual  energy  equipment  like  heating,  air  conditioning  units  or  hvac  systems.  they  also  allow  you  to  remotely  modify  settings  and  other  controlling  parameters.  automating  the  equipment  significantly  reduces  the  operating  costs  and  provides  a  huge  leap  in  productivity.  for  example,  combining  realtime  data  from  energy  systems  along  with  parameters  such  as  internal  temperature  and  utility  prices,  you  can  adjust  building  energy  use  while  maximizing  comfort.  this  might  include  cooling  the  building  more  in  the  mornings  while  reducing  energy  demand  during  peak  prices  in  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement afternoon.  the  department  of  energy,  was  able  to  use  a  simple  automated  sensor  controlled  lighting  switch  that  reduced  wasted  electricity  by  as  much  as  30.  facility  managers  can  receive  alerts  and  notifications  on  their  smart  phones,  tablets  or  even  smart  watches.  this  can  be  achieved  with  the  integration  of  iot  sensors  with  smoke  detectors,  temperature  controllers  and  humidity  systems  along  with  intelligent  rules  to  detect  crossing  over  threshold  levels.  iot  alert  systems  are  particularly  useful  for  alarms  that  allows  for  automatic  control  of  safety  and  intrusion  detection.  you  can  also  set  alerts  to  trigger  preconfigured  actions  like  alerting  the  facility
__label__energymonitoringmanagement managers  when  actual  energy  consumption  deviates  from  the  expected.  when  all  the  abovementioned  use  cases  of  iot  are  implemented  for  energy  efficiency,  the  building  is  called  a  smart  building.  because  they  help  in  reducing  the  energy  costs,  increase  energy  efficiency  and  also  reduce  the  impact  on  the  environment.  with  the  growing  adoption  of  technologies  like  cloud  computing  and  big  data,  a  smart  building  is  fully  integrated  in  connecting  the  data  from  various  systems  and  make  it  readily  available  to  the  end  user,  whether  it  is  for  analysis  or  for  controlling  the  various  energy  consuming  systems.  smart  buildings  have  the  ability
__label__energymonitoringmanagement to  automatically  adjust  and  conduct  preventive  maintenance  on  aging  systems.  for  example,  continuous  tracking  of  temperature  and  humidity  levels  gives  facility  managers  indicators  when  the  heating  and  cooling  are  not  working  as  intended  thereby  helping  reduce  maintenance  costs  as  well  as  providing  comfort  to  the  tenants  of  the  building.  before  you  embark  on  this  journey  of  adopting  an  iot  based  solution  for  energy  management,  you  would  need  to  consider  the  following  1.  the  right  solution  for  the  size  of  the  building  2.  who  would  benefit  the  most  from  the  value  of  an  iot  solution  for  either  a  new  building  or
__label__energymonitoringmanagement converting  an  existing  building?  3.  what  is  the  technology  architecture  you  would  implement  initially  to  show  your  roi?  return  on  investment  however  the  good  news  is  that  there  are  many  lowpower  microprocessors  and  sensors  that  are  available  in  the  market  that  present  a  low  upfront  cost  as  well  as  ongoing  maintenance,  upgrade  and  operating  costs  of  an  iot  solution.  smart  buildings  have  clear  economic  and  environmental  benefits  and  will  continue  to  dominate  as  a  goal  for  energy  management.  if  you  are  considering  adopting  a  smart  building  solution,  it  is  important  to  start  laying  the  foundation  of  iot.  other  industries  like
__label__energymonitoringmanagement airlines  have  already  adopted  iot  solutions  leveraging  sensor  data  for  diagnostic  and  repair  purposes.  manufacturers  are  monitoring  realtime  performance  data  to  receive  alerts  when  production  rates  or  quality  slows  down.  building  energy  management  should  not  be  left  behind  in  the  adoption  of  iot  solutions  that  provides  an  easy  and  efficient  way  to  collect  and  monitor  energy  data  as  well  as  control  and  automate  the  equipment  usage.  applying  iot  strategies  can  help  you  achieve  your  energy  savings  goals.  if  you  have  any  questions  or  comments  that  you  would  like  to  share  with  us,  please  feel  free  to  reach  out  to  us
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  computer  technology  institute  and  press  diophantus,  patras  26504,  greece;  sparkworks  ltd.,  altrincham  wa14  1rp,  uk;  computer  technology  institute  and  press  diophantus,  patras  26504,  greece;  department  of  computer,  control  and  informatics  engineering,  la  sapienza  university,  rome  00185,  italy;  raising  awareness  among  young  people  and  changing  their  behaviour  and  habits  concerning  energy  usage  is  key  to  achieving  sustained  energy  saving.  additionally,  young  people  are  very  sensitive  to  environmental  protection  so  raising  awareness  among  children  is  much  easier  than  with  any  other  group  of  citizens.  this  work  examines  ways  to  create  an  innovative  information  communication
__label__energymonitoringmanagement technologies  ict  ecosystem  including  webbased,  mobile,  social  and  sensing  elements  tailored  specifically  for  school  environments,  taking  into  account  both  the  users  faculty,  staff,  students,  parents  and  school  buildings,  thus  motivating  and  supporting  young  citizens  behavioural  change  to  achieve  greater  energy  efficiency.  a  mixture  of  opensource  iot  hardware  and  proprietary  platforms  on  the  infrastructure  level,  are  currently  being  utilized  for  monitoring  a  fleet  of  18  educational  buildings  across  3  countries,  comprising  over  700  iot  monitoring  points.  hereon  presented  is  the  systems  highlevel  architecture,  as  well  as  several  aspects  of  its  implementation,  related  to  the  application  domain  of  educational  building  monitoring  and
__label__energymonitoringmanagement energy  efficiency.  the  system  is  developed  based  on  opensource  technologies  and  services  in  order  to  make  it  capable  of  providing  open  itinfrastructure  and  support  from  different  commercial  hardware/sensor  vendors  as  well  as  opensource  solutions.  the  system  presented  can  be  used  to  develop  and  offer  new  appbased  solutions  that  can  be  used  either  for  educational  purposes  or  for  managing  the  energy  efficiency  of  the  building.  the  system  is  replicable  and  adaptable  to  settings  that  may  be  different  than  the  scenarios  envisioned  here  e.g.,  targeting  different  climate  zones,  different  it  infrastructures  and  can  be  easily  extended  to  accommodate  integration  with  other  systems.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  overall  performance  of  the  system  is  evaluated  in  realworld  environment  in  terms  of  scalability,  responsiveness  and  simplicity.  efforts  to  decrease  energy  consumption  as  a  society  have  placed  strong  focus  on  energyrelated  issues  inside  buildings,  as  well  as  in  other  sectors  such  as  transportation  and  industry.  a  very  interesting  subset  of  buildings,  in  this  respect,  is  the  nonresidential  buildings  sector;  the  buildings  in  which,  among  other  activities,  we  work  and  study,  comprise  a  large  part  of  our  overall  energy  consumption.  however,  although  a  large  number  of  studies  have  focused  on  workplaces,  office  buildings,  and  retail  spaces,  the  educational  buildings  sector
__label__energymonitoringmanagement has  not  attracted  equivalent  attention  by  the  research  community,  at  least  in  relation  to  its  importance.  in  the  eu,  educational  buildings  constitute  17  of  the  nonresidential  building  stock  in  m  ,  the  third  largest  sector  after  wholesale/retail  28,  and  offices  23.  moreover,  evidence  shows  that  a  focus  on  energy  consumption  in  schools  yields  multiple  benefits,  along  with  educational  excellence  and  a  healthy  learning  environment  .  it  is  thus  the  ideal  candidate  for  applying  iot  technologies  in  order  to  provide  a  foundation  for  energy  savingsrelated  activities  through  monitoring.  moreover,  this  sector  has  several  unique  and  interesting  features;  firstly,  educational  organizations  e.g.,
__label__energymonitoringmanagement ministries  manage  a  large  number  of  buildings.  secondly,  in  many  cases  in  existing  installations  there  is  little  need  to  have  a  complex  heating,  ventilation,  and  air  conditioning  hvac  infrastructure,  e.g.,  in  several  european  countries,  school  buildings  are  often  quite  old,  have  central  heating  or  cooling,  having  limited  control  possibilities,  etc.  thirdly,  such  entities  wish  to  avoid  vendor  lockin,  while  a  single  solution  in  terms  of  infrastructure  is  impossible  since  each  educational  building  has  different  characteristics.  moreover,  another  interesting  point  in  this  case,  is  that  data  from  such  systems  could  be  utilized  in  a  number  of  ways  in  an  educational  context.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement another  interesting  aspect  regarding  the  energy  efficiency  of  schools  is  the  fact  that  historically,  energy  expenses  in  schools  have  been  treated  as  relatively  fixed  and  inevitable.  evidence  shows  that  a  focus  on  energy  use  in  schools  yields  an  array  of  important  rewards  in  concert  with  educational  excellence  and  a  healthful  learning  environment  .  since  energy  costs  are  the  second  largest  expenditure  within  school  district  budgets,  exceeded  only  by  personnel  costs  ,  significant  savings  can  be  carved  out,  ifenergy  consumption  can  be  reduced.  we  expect  that  an  iot  infrastructure  can  help  improve  the  efficacy  of  a  behaviourbased  approach  by  actively  involving
__label__energymonitoringmanagement the  school  staff  e.g.,  school  directors,  building  managers,  custodial  staff  and  teachers  in  fostering  a  culture  of  energy  conservation.  if  empowered  to  do  so,  building  managers  and  custodial  staff  can  offer  critical  insights  about  ways  to  lower  a  buildings  energy  footprint  through  effectively  managing  building  operations  ,  ,  .  it  is  important  to  point  out  that  the  eu  considers  environmental  education  one  of  the  most  prominent  instruments  to  influence  human  behavior  towards  environmentally  sustainable  patterns.  having  the  above  in  mind,  in  this  paper  a  system  is  provided  that  covers  the  aforementioned  needs,  serving  as  a  platform  for  monitoring  a  fleet
__label__energymonitoringmanagement of  educational  buildings,  focused  on  energy  monitoring  and  enabling  a  number  of  different  application  and  implementation  directions,  based  on  an  iot  infrastructure  deployed  inside  such  buildings.  in  short,  a  system  is  needed  with  the  followingproperties:  openness  ,  to  support  a  number  of  different  iot  ecosystems,  versatility  ,  to  support  different  application  domains,  e.g.,  energy  efficiency  and  educationalscenarios,  scalability  ,  to  support  a  very  large  number  of  buildings  and  iot  sensing  endpoints,  uptodate  support  of  modern  practices  in  the  design  of  the  system,  i.e.,  cloudbased  solutions,  easy  deployment,  etc.  in  this  work,  a  system  is  presented  with  the  above  properties,  which
__label__energymonitoringmanagement aims  to  offer  a  complete  solution  in  this  respect.  it  is  currently  being  used  in  18  educational  buildings  in  multiple  european  countries,  in  the  context  of  the  gaia  research  project  ,  .  the  projects  goal  is  to  promote  sustainability  awareness  and  energy  efficiency  in  an  educational  setting,  utilizing  realworld  data  inside  class  lectures,  educational  labs,  building  monitoring  and  gamification.  for  this  goal,  it  utilizes  a  number  of  different  iot  technologies  as  infrastructure  installed  inside  these  school  buildings,  while  it  follows  an  open,  cloudbased  approach  for  its  implementation,  which  enables  the  development  of  applications  on  top  of  it.  remark  that  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement iot  devices  that  were  installed  are  either  opensource  hardware  of  very  low  cost  less  than  50  per  device  or  are  offtheshelf  products  that  are  also  low  cost.  since  the  community  is  gradually  moving  from  vertical  single  purpose  solutions  to  multipurpose  and  collaborative  applications  interacting  across  industry  verticals,  organizations  and  people,  acloudbased  approach  is  utilized.  the  necessity  for  data  collection,  storage  and  availability  across  large  areas,  the  demand  for  uninterrupted  services  even  with  intermittent  cloud  connectivity  and  resource  constrained  devices,  along  with  the  necessity  of  sometimes  nearrealtime  data  processing  in  an  optimal  manner,  create  a  set  of  challenges  where  only  holistic
__label__energymonitoringmanagement solutions  may  apply.  the  system  presented  here  provides  a  uniform  environment  where  edge  and  cloud  resources  can  be  interchanged  without  the  need  for  additional  development  for  managing  the  infrastructure.  domain  experts  focus  on  specifying  the  rules  for  datadriven  processing  and  eventbased  response  and  let  our  platform  automatically  tune  the  infrastructure  for  highperformance  and  highavailability.  the  resulting  system  continues  to  operate  even  when  certain  parts  of  the  iot  domain  become  disconnected  or  experience  periods  of  lowbandwidth.  we  provide  a  performance  evaluation,  having  also  discussed  several  aspects  of  the  targeted  application  domain.  such  application  requirements  have  shaped  our  selection  of  evaluation  criteria:
__label__energymonitoringmanagement we  showcase  that  our  system  is  efficient  and  highly  responsive,  while  also  being  able  to  enable  the  development  of  a  set  of  applications  that  augment  its  functionality.  special  emphasis  has  been  given  towards  developing  a  longterm  cooperation  between  researchers,  users  and  other  relevant  stakeholders  to  bring  users  and  technology  into  an  open  design  process  in  real  life  environments,  supporting  longterm  cooperation,  cocreative  research  and  a  continuous,  longhauled  study  of  user  experiences.  as  part  of  this  approach,  the  system  is  developed  based  on  opensource  technologies  and  services.  specific  decisions  are  made  in  terms  of  the  overall  system  architecture  in  order  to
__label__energymonitoringmanagement make  the  system  open  to  provide  an  open  itinfrastructure  capable  of  supporting  different  commercial  hardware/sensor  vendors  as  well  as  opensource  solutions.  the  system  can  be  used  to  develop  and  offer  new  appbased  solutions  in  all  fields  of  the  future  internet  related  to  the  energy  sector.  as  a  result,  the  system  is  replicable  and  adaptable  to  settings  that  may  be  different  than  the  scenarios  envisioned  here  e.g.,  targeting  different  climate  zones  and  different  it  infrastructures.  the  rest  of  the  work  is  organized  as  follows:  in  ,  relevant  previous  work  is  discussed,  in  an  overview  of  the  system  is  provided,  and  it
__label__energymonitoringmanagement goes  through  a  discussion  of  specifics  of  its  implementation.  presents  an  evaluation  of  the  system  in  terms  of  performance,  while  discusses  aspects  of  integration  and  application  development  over  our  platform.  in  the  paper  concludes  along  with  a  discussion  on  future  directions.  energy  efficiency  and  savings  in  buildings  are  one  of  the  popular  issues  in  the  smart  cities,  iot,  and  ict  overall  research  agenda.  in  this  respect,  the  european  union  has  been  especially  active  in  promoting  energy  efficiency  in  buildings.  build  up  is  an  euspecific  portal  for  gathering  all  types  of  resources  for  energy  efficiency  in  buildings,  e.g.,  project  results,  national
__label__energymonitoringmanagement regulations,  etc.,  while  also  funding  a  multitude  of  research  projects  on  the  subject.  a  large  body  of  recent  work  addresses  issues  such  as  the  installation  and  management  of  the  iot  infrastructure  inside  buildings.  the  work  of  discusses  the  strategic  selection  and  placement  of  sensors  inside  buildings  in  order  to  provide  a  good  solution  in  terms  of  observability  with  respect  to  building  energy  management.  brick  discusses  a  uniform  schema  for  representing  metadata  in  buildings.  in  a  framework  for  automatically  classifying,  naming  and  managing  sensors  based  on  active  learning  from  sensor  metadata  is  presented.  studies  the  design  of  a  largescale  iot  system
__label__energymonitoringmanagement for  smart  grid  application,  which  constitutes  of  a  large  number  of  home  users  and  has  the  requirement  of  fast  response  time.  performs  a  literature  survey  on  smart  grid  testbeds  around  the  world,  and  presents  the  main  accomplishments  toward  realizing  a  smart  grid  testbed  able  to  monitor,  analyze,  and  evaluate  smart  grid  communication  network  design  and  control  mechanisms,  and  test  the  suitability  of  various  communications  networks  for  both  residential  and  commercial  buildings.  describes  a  testbed  in  a  residential  building  which  was  setup  to  evaluate  the  degree  up  to  which,  energy  can  be  throttled  for  energy  management  purposes  without  affecting  the  end
__label__energymonitoringmanagement users  comfort  level.  the  iot  infrastructure  design  and  installation  presented  in  this  paper  was  largely  dictated  by  the  chosen  application  domain  education,  and  by  the  fact  that  although  each  building  has  unique  features,  the  structure  in  classrooms,  similar  operational  characteristics  and  the  requirement  to  have  a  similar  in  size  and  composition  installation  in  all  buildings  to  serve  educational  purposes  led  to  a  somewhat  homogeneous  iot  infrastructure.  there  is  also  a  growing  list  of  works  offering  open  datasets  from  all  types  of  buildings,  e.g.,  and  .  this  a  direction  that  is  important  to  look  into  in  the  near  future,  since  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement gaia  platform  has  already,  in  some  cases,  years  worth  of  school  buildingdata.  another  interesting  future  perspective  are  the  emerging  trends  of  fog  and  edge  computing  that  provides  computational,  storage,  and  control  resources  in  an  intermediate  layer  between  enduser  devices  and  cloud  computing  datacenters.  the  physical  proximity  of  fog  infrastructure  with  the  resourcebound  lastmile  sensors  of  any  iotrelated  application,  allows  limited  latency,  less  bandwidth  consumption,  as  well  as  elevated  degrees  of  reliability  and  security.  this  approach  extends  the  cloud  computing  paradigm  by  migrating  data  processing  closer  to  the  production  site,  accelerates  system  responsiveness  to  events  along  with  its  overall  awareness,  by
__label__energymonitoringmanagement eliminating  the  data  roundtrip  to  the  cloud.  in  the  benefits  of  this  approach  is  demonstrated  for  new  applications  in  the  realms  of  the  ioe,  smart  city,  industry  4.0,  and  big  data  streaming,  while  introducing  new  open  issues.  a  system  for  monitoring  the  performance  of  buildings  that  follows  the  fog  computing  paradigm  where  the  sensor  resources,  as  well  as  the  intermediate  layers  between  embedded  devices  and  cloud  computing  datacenters,  participate  by  providing  computational,  storage,  and  control  is  provided  in  .  in  ,  a  system  that  utilizes  similar  components  is  discussed,  and  although  it  does  not  focus  solely  on  educational  buildings,  it
__label__energymonitoringmanagement provides  insights  derived  from  initial  results  with  respect  to  a  deployment  inside  a  university  building.  regarding  other  aspects  related  to  the  work  presented  here,  the  opensource  hardware  design  of  the  iot  nodes  utilized  in  the  majority  of  the  buildings  that  were  used  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  the  system  presented  in  this  work,  are  discussed.  in  addition,  the  design  and  implementation  of  an  energy  savings  recommendation  component  that  utilizes  the  iot  data  of  the  said  buildings  is  also  discussed.  although  the  work  has  focused  on  educational  buildings,  a  number  of  existing  works  on  energy  savings  in  residential/commercial  buildings  could  be
__label__energymonitoringmanagement also  implemented.  as  an  example,  discusses  the  effect  of  consumption  feedback  produced  from  disaggregated  home  device  data;  the  system  presented  here  could  be  utilized  to  implement  such  an  approach.  as  another  example,  discusses  an  approach  for  energy  savings  related  to  occupancy  in  commercial  buildings.  in  this  work,  the  evaluation  is  based  on  occupancy  data  produced  by  activity  sensors  inside  classrooms.  a  demand  response  management  drm  scheme  is  proposed  in  and  a  residential  smart  grid  testbed  is  constructed  to  evaluate  the  peak  load  reduction  and  verify  the  effectiveness  and  efficiency  of  different  drm  schemes.  moreover,  several  approaches  have  been  proposed  in
__label__energymonitoringmanagement order  to  address  the  potentially  huge  number  of  sensor  data  arriving  from  the  iot  domain,  each  one  of  them  applied  in  different  parts  of  the  network  architecture  ,  .  starting  from  lowend  devices,  the  approach  of  innetwork  aggregation  and  data  management  has  been  proposed  where  sensor  devices  follow  local  coordination  schemes  in  order  to  combine  data  coming  from  different  sources  and/or  within  the  same  time  period  based  on  similarities  identified  using  data  analysis  ,  ,  .  discusses  the  design  of  internet  of  things  iot  for  a  flexible  building  energy  management  bem  with  the  backend  analytic  that  performs  analysis  on  energy
__label__energymonitoringmanagement usage  pattern  and  the  wastage.  for  an  overview  of  different  building  automation  technologies,  see  .  for  an  overview  of  different  techniques  and  existing  protocols,  see  .  while  such  mechanisms  are  not  performed  by  the  iot  devices,  the  system  discussed  here  can  be  combined  with  such  an  approach.  in  order  to  evaluate  the  systemss  performance  in  a  realworld  environment,  we  look  into  the  broad  domain  of  peoplecentric  applications  that  will  facilitate  the  educational  sector  towards  improving  the  energy  efficiency  of  school  buildings.  we  envision  an  iot  ecosystem  that  is  composed  of  a  variety  of  business  players  that  collaborate  towards  bringing  together
__label__energymonitoringmanagement a  diverse  set  of  devices  for  realtime  monitoring  and  management  of  school  buildings.  to  do  so,  we  work  by  following  the  concept  and  scope  of  the  iot  as  defined  by  the  international  telecommunication  union  standardization  sector  itut  in  2012  .  the  educational  sector  presents  a  very  interesting  and  important  case  for  the  monitoring  and  management  of  institutional  buildings,  by  having  a  very  large  number  of  buildings  to  operate,  situated  in  a  very  fragmented  manner.  in  national  educational  systems  we  have  literally  thousands  of  buildings  spread  throughout  a  country,  usually,  with  very  different  characteristics  in  terms  of  construction,  age,  size,  etc.
__label__energymonitoringmanagement it  is  reasonable  to  expect  a  diverse  set  of  device  providers  working  under  the  same  interoperability  framework.  due  to  this,  we  are  hardware  independent:  sensors  from  different  manufacturers  interoperate  with  our  system.  our  platform  enables  direct  comparisons  of  energy  efficiency  between  buildings  and  cities,  carefully  taking  into  account  many  environmental  parameters.  we  integrate  the  diverse  capabilities  of  iot  devices  and  provide  open  interfaces  to  application  developers.  our  platform  supports  different  enduser  groups  that  inherently  exist  in  the  educational  sector:  students,  educators,  building  administrators  and  other  administrative  staff.  our  platforms  interfaces  provide  access  to  the  available  information  in  a  way  that
__label__energymonitoringmanagement suits  all  of  these  endusers  groups.  in  some  cases  unifying  different  school  buildings  into  a  single  view  is  necessary  to  make  interaction  simpler  and  data  visualization  more  natural  and  create  an  environment  that  conveys  valuable  insights  and  clear  actions  related  to  general  or  specific  aspects  of  the  participating  building  ecosystem.  for  a  graphical  representation  of  the  components  used  in  the  specific  implementation  fo  the  educational  buildings  see  .  educational  buildingspecific  iot  architecture.  regarding  the  actual  deployment  of  our  prototype,  thus  far  18  school  buildings  have  been  involved  see  ,  spread  in  3  countries  greece,  italy,  sweden,  covering  a  range  of
__label__energymonitoringmanagement local  climatic  conditions  and  educational  levels  primary,  secondary,  high  school  and  university.  currently,  electricity  consumption  meters  are  installed  in  all  of  these  buildings,  along  with  sensors  monitoring  indoor  and  outdoor  conditions  as  described  above.  the  vast  majority  of  the  rooms  monitored  are  used  for  teaching  purposes  and  the  rest  for  other  activities  like  teacher/staff  rooms,  etc.  the  year  of  construction  of  these  buildings  ranges  from  1950  to  2000.  key  facts  of  our  deployment.  in  each  of  the  18  buildings  participating  in  our  pilot  study,  we  deployed  sensor  devices  that  measure  a  the  overall  power  consumption  of  the  building,  b  the
__label__energymonitoringmanagement environmental  comfort  within  each  individual  class  see  below  for  more  details,  and  c  the  weather  conditions  and  air  pollution  levels  in  each  building.  these  devices  can  be  split  into  three  different  categories  based  on  their  origin  and  operation  type.  in  general,  we  use  i  custom  made  iot  devices  that  communicate  using  an  ieee  802.15.4  local  network,  ii  proprietary  offtheself  iot  devices  that  communicate  using  ieee  802.11  and  3g  in  areas  that  we  cannot  easily  connect  to,  and  iii  sensors  from  legacy  building  management  systems  bms  that  are  already  installed  in  a  number  of  school  buildings.  most  indoor  iot  nodes  form
