__label__environmentmonitoring environmental  monitoring  describes  the  processes  and  activities  that  need  to  take  place  to  characterize  and  monitor  the  quality  of  the  environment.  environmental  monitoring  is  used  in  the  preparation  of  environmental  impact  assessments,  as  well  as  in  many  circumstances  in  which  human  activities  carry  a  risk  of  harmful  effects  on  the  natural  environment.all  monitoring  strategies  and  programs  have  reasons  and  justifications  which  are  often  designed  to  establish  the  current  status  of  an  environment  or  to  establish  trends  in  environmental  parameters.  in  all  cases,  the  results  of  monitoring  will  be  reviewed,  analyzed  statistically,  and  published.  the  design  of  a  monitoring  program  must
__label__environmentmonitoring therefore  have  regard  to  the  final  use  of  the  data  before  monitoring  starts.  air  quality  monitoring  air  pollutants  are  atmospheric  substancesboth  naturally  occurring  and  anthropogenicwhich  may  potentially  have  a  negative  impact  on  the  environment  and  organism  health.  with  the  evolution  of  new  chemicals  and  industrial  processes  has  come  the  introduction  or  elevation  of  pollutants  in  the  atmosphere,  as  well  as  environmental  research  and  regulations,  increasing  the  demand  for  air  quality  monitoring.air  quality  monitoring  is  challenging  to  enact  as  it  requires  the  effective  integration  of  multiple  environmental  data  sources,  which  often  originate  from  different  environmental  networks  and  institutions.  these  challenges  require
__label__environmentmonitoring specialized  observation  equipment  and  tools  to  establish  air  pollutant  concentrations,  including  sensor  networks,  geographic  information  system  gis  models,  and  the  sensor  observation  service  sos,  a  web  service  for  querying  realtime  sensor  data.  air  dispersion  models  that  combine  topographic,  emissions,  and  meteorological  data  to  predict  air  pollutant  concentrations  are  often  helpful  in  interpreting  air  monitoring  data.  additionally,  consideration  of  anemometer  data  in  the  area  between  sources  and  the  monitor  often  provides  insights  on  the  source  of  the  air  contaminants  recorded  by  an  air  pollution  monitor.air  quality  monitors  are  operated  by  citizens,  regulatory  agencies,  and  researchers  to  investigate  air  quality  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring effects  of  air  pollution.  interpretation  of  ambient  air  monitoring  data  often  involves  a  consideration  of  the  spatial  and  temporal  representativeness  of  the  data  gathered,  and  the  health  effects  associated  with  exposure  to  the  monitored  levels.  if  the  interpretation  reveals  concentrations  of  multiple  chemical  compounds,  a  unique  chemical  fingerprint  of  a  particular  air  pollution  source  may  emerge  from  analysis  of  the  data.  air  sampling  passive  or  diffusive  air  sampling  depends  on  meteorological  conditions  such  as  wind  to  diffuse  air  pollutants  to  a  sorbent  medium.  passive  samplers  have  the  advantage  of  typically  being  small,  quiet,  and  easy  to  deploy,  and  they  are
__label__environmentmonitoring particularly  useful  in  air  quality  studies  that  determine  key  areas  for  future  continuous  monitoring.air  pollution  can  also  be  assessed  by  biomonitoring  with  organisms  that  bioaccumulate  air  pollutants,  such  as  lichens,  mosses,  fungi,  and  other  biomass.  one  of  the  benefits  of  this  type  of  sampling  is  how  quantitative  information  can  be  obtained  via  measurements  of  accumulated  compounds,  representative  of  the  environment  from  which  they  came.  however,  careful  considerations  must  be  made  in  choosing  the  particular  organism,  how  its  dispersed,  and  relevance  to  the  pollutant.other  sampling  methods  include  the  use  of  a  denuder,  needle  trap  devices,  and  microextraction  techniques.  soil  monitoring  soil
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring  involves  the  collection  and/or  analysis  of  soil  and  its  associated  quality,  constituents,  and  physical  status  to  determine  or  guarantee  its  fitness  for  use.  soil  faces  many  threats,  including  compaction,  contamination,  organic  material  loss,  biodiversity  loss,  slope  stability  issues,  erosion,  salinization,  and  acidification.  soil  monitoring  helps  characterize  these  threats  and  other  potential  risks  to  the  soil,  surrounding  environments,  animal  health,  and  human  health.assessing  these  threats  and  other  risks  to  soil  can  be  challenging  due  to  a  variety  of  factors,  including  soils  heterogeneity  and  complexity,  scarcity  of  toxicity  data,  lack  of  understanding  of  a  contaminants  fate,  and  variability  in  levels  of
__label__environmentmonitoring soil  screening.  this  requires  a  risk  assessment  approach  and  analysis  techniques  that  prioritize  environmental  protection,  risk  reduction,  and,  if  necessary,  remediation  methods.  soil  monitoring  plays  a  significant  role  in  that  risk  assessment,  not  only  aiding  in  the  identification  of  atrisk  and  affected  areas  but  also  in  the  establishment  of  base  background  values  of  soil.soil  monitoring  has  historically  focused  on  more  classical  conditions  and  contaminants,  including  toxic  elements  e.g.,  mercury,  lead,  and  arsenic  and  persistent  organic  pollutants  pops.  historically,  testing  for  these  and  other  aspects  of  soil,  however,  has  had  its  own  set  of  challenges,  as  sampling  in  most  cases  is
__label__environmentmonitoring of  a  destructive  in  nature,  requiring  multiple  samples  over  time.  additionally,  procedural  and  analytical  errors  may  be  introduced  due  to  variability  among  references  and  methods,  particularly  over  time.  however,  as  analytical  techniques  evolve  and  new  knowledge  about  ecological  processes  and  contaminant  effects  disseminate,  the  focus  of  monitoring  will  likely  broaden  over  time  and  the  quality  of  monitoring  will  continue  to  improve.  soil  sampling  the  two  primary  types  of  soil  sampling  are  grab  sampling  and  composite  sampling.  grab  sampling  involves  the  collection  of  an  individual  sample  at  a  specific  time  and  place,  while  composite  sampling  involves  the  collection  of  a  homogenized
__label__environmentmonitoring mixture  of  multiple  individual  samples  at  either  a  specific  place  over  different  times  or  multiple  locations  at  a  specific  time.  soil  sampling  may  occur  both  at  shallow  ground  levels  or  deep  in  the  ground,  with  collection  methods  varying  by  level  collected  from.  scoops,  augers,  core  barrel,  and  solidtube  samplers,  and  other  tools  are  used  at  shallow  ground  levels,  whereas  splittube,  solidtube,  or  hydraulic  methods  may  be  used  in  deep  ground.  monitoring  programs  soil  contamination  monitoring  soil  contamination  monitoring  helps  researchers  identify  patterns  and  trends  in  contaminant  deposition,  movement,  and  effect.  humanbased  pressures  such  as  tourism,  industrial  activity,  urban  sprawl,  construction
__label__environmentmonitoring work,  and  inadequate  agriculture/forestry  practices  can  contribute  to  and  make  worse  soil  contamination  and  lead  to  the  soil  becoming  unfit  for  its  intended  use.  both  inorganic  and  organic  pollutants  may  make  their  way  to  the  soil,  having  a  wide  variety  of  detrimental  effects.  soil  contamination  monitoring  is  therefore  important  to  identify  risk  areas,  set  baselines,  and  identify  contaminated  zones  for  remediation.  monitoring  efforts  may  range  from  local  farms  to  nationwide  efforts,  such  as  those  made  by  china  in  the  late  2000s,  providing  details  such  as  the  nature  of  contaminants,  their  quantity,  effects,  concentration  patterns,  and  remediation  feasibility.  monitoring  and  analytical
__label__environmentmonitoring equipment  will  ideally  will  have  high  response  times,  high  levels  of  resolution  and  automation,  and  a  certain  degree  of  selfsufficiency.  chemical  techniques  may  be  used  to  measure  toxic  elements  and  pops  using  chromatography  and  spectrometry,  geophysical  techniques  may  assess  physical  properties  of  large  terrains,  and  biological  techniques  may  use  specific  organisms  to  gauge  not  only  contaminant  level  but  also  byproducts  of  contaminant  biodegradation.  these  techniques  and  others  are  increasingly  becoming  more  efficient,  and  laboratory  instrumentation  is  becoming  more  precise,  resulting  in  more  meaningful  monitoring  outcomes.  soil  erosion  monitoring  soil  erosion  monitoring  helps  researchers  identify  patterns  and  trends  in  soil  and
__label__environmentmonitoring sediment  movement.  monitoring  programs  have  varied  over  the  years,  from  longterm  academic  research  on  university  plots  to  reconnaissancebased  surveys  of  biogeoclimatic  areas.  in  most  methods,  however,  the  general  focus  is  on  identifying  and  measuring  all  the  dominant  erosion  processes  in  a  given  area.  additionally,  soil  erosion  monitoring  may  attempt  to  quantify  the  effects  of  erosion  on  crop  productivity,  though  challenging  because  of  the  many  complexities  in  the  relationship  between  soils  and  plants  and  their  management  under  a  variable  climate.  soil  salinity  monitoring  soil  salinity  monitoring  helps  researchers  identify  patterns  and  trends  in  soil  salt  content.  both  the  natural  process  of
__label__environmentmonitoring seawater  intrusion  and  the  humaninduced  processes  of  inappropriate  soil  and  water  management  can  lead  to  salinity  problems  in  soil,  with  up  to  one  billion  hectares  of  land  affected  globally  as  of  2013.  salinity  monitoring  at  the  local  level  may  look  closely  at  the  root  zone  to  gauge  salinity  impact  and  develop  management  options,  whereas  at  the  regional  and  national  level  salinity  monitoring  may  help  with  identifying  areas  atrisk  and  aiding  policymakers  in  tackling  the  issue  before  it  spreads.  the  monitoring  process  itself  may  be  performed  using  technologies  such  as  remote  sensing  and  geographic  information  systems  gis  to  identify  salinity  via
__label__environmentmonitoring greenness,  brightness,  and  whiteness  at  the  surface  level.  direct  analysis  of  soil  up  close,  including  the  use  of  electromagnetic  induction  techniques,  may  also  be  used  to  monitor  soil  salinity.  water  quality  monitoring  design  of  environmental  monitoring  programmes  water  quality  monitoring  is  of  little  use  without  a  clear  and  unambiguous  definition  of  the  reasons  for  the  monitoring  and  the  objectives  that  it  will  satisfy.  almost  all  monitoring  except  perhaps  remote  sensing  is  in  some  part  invasive  of  the  environment  under  study  and  extensive  and  poorly  planned  monitoring  carries  a  risk  of  damage  to  the  environment.  this  may  be  a  critical  consideration
__label__environmentmonitoring in  wilderness  areas  or  when  monitoring  very  rare  organisms  or  those  that  are  averse  to  human  presence.  some  monitoring  techniques,  such  as  gill  netting  fish  to  estimate  populations,  can  be  very  damaging,  at  least  to  the  local  population  and  can  also  degrade  public  trust  in  scientists  carrying  out  the  monitoring.almost  all  mainstream  environmentalism  monitoring  projects  form  part  of  an  overall  monitoring  strategy  or  research  field,  and  these  field  and  strategies  are  themselves  derived  from  the  high  levels  objectives  or  aspirations  of  an  organisation.  unless  individual  monitoring  projects  fit  into  a  wider  strategic  framework,  the  results  are  unlikely  to  be  published
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  environmental  understanding  produced  by  the  monitoring  will  be  lost.  parameters  see  also  freshwater  environmental  quality  parameters  chemical  the  range  of  chemical  parameters  that  have  the  potential  to  affect  any  ecosystem  is  very  large  and  in  all  monitoring  programmes  it  is  necessary  to  target  a  suite  of  parameters  based  on  local  knowledge  and  past  practice  for  an  initial  review.  the  list  can  be  expanded  or  reduced  based  on  developing  knowledge  and  the  outcome  of  the  initial  surveys.freshwater  environments  have  been  extensively  studied  for  many  years  and  there  is  a  robust  understanding  of  the  interactions  between  chemistry  and  the  environment
__label__environmentmonitoring across  much  of  the  world.  however,  as  new  materials  are  developed  and  new  pressures  come  to  bear,  revisions  to  monitoring  programmes  will  be  required.  in  the  last  20  years  acid  rain,  synthetic  hormone  analogues,  halogenated  hydrocarbons,  greenhouse  gases  and  many  others  have  required  changes  to  monitoring  strategies.  biological  in  ecological  monitoring,  the  monitoring  strategy  and  effort  is  directed  at  the  plants  and  animals  in  the  environment  under  review  and  is  specific  to  each  individual  study.however,  in  more  generalised  environmental  monitoring,  many  animals  act  as  robust  indicators  of  the  quality  of  the  environment  that  they  are  experiencing  or  have  experienced  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  recent  past.  one  of  the  most  familiar  examples  is  the  monitoring  of  numbers  of  salmonid  fish  such  as  brown  trout  or  atlantic  salmon  in  river  systems  and  lakes  to  detect  slow  trends  in  adverse  environmental  effects.  the  steep  decline  in  salmonid  fish  populations  was  one  of  the  early  indications  of  the  problem  that  later  became  known  as  acid  rain.in  recent  years  much  more  attention  has  been  given  to  a  more  holistic  approach  in  which  the  ecosystem  health  is  assessed  and  used  as  the  monitoring  tool  itself.  it  is  this  approach  that  underpins  the  monitoring  protocols  of  the  water  framework
__label__environmentmonitoring directive  in  the  european  union.  radiological  radiation  monitoring  involves  the  measurement  of  radiation  dose  or  radionuclide  contamination  for  reasons  related  to  the  assessment  or  control  of  exposure  to  ionizing  radiation  or  radioactive  substances,  and  the  interpretation  of  the  results.  the  measurement  of  dose  often  means  the  measurement  of  a  dose  equivalent  quantity  as  a  proxy  i.e.  substitute  for  a  dose  quantity  that  cannot  be  measured  directly.  also,  sampling  may  be  involved  as  a  preliminary  step  to  measurement  of  the  content  of  radionuclides  in  environmental  media.  the  methodological  and  technical  details  of  the  design  and  operation  of  monitoring  programmes  and  systems
__label__environmentmonitoring for  different  radionuclides,  environmental  media  and  types  of  facility  are  given  in  iaea  safety  guide  rsg1.8  and  in  iaea  safety  report  no.  64.radiation  monitoring  is  often  carried  out  using  networks  of  fixed  and  deployable  sensors  such  as  the  us  environmental  protection  agencys  radnet  and  the  speedi  network  in  japan.  airborne  surveys  are  also  made  by  organizations  like  the  nuclear  emergency  support  team.  microbiological  bacteria  and  viruses  are  the  most  commonly  monitored  groups  of  microbiological  organisms  and  even  these  are  only  of  great  relevance  where  water  in  the  aquatic  environment  is  subsequently  used  as  drinking  water  or  where  water  contact  recreation
__label__environmentmonitoring such  as  swimming  or  canoeing  is  practised.although  pathogens  are  the  primary  focus  of  attention,  the  principal  monitoring  effort  is  almost  always  directed  at  much  more  common  indicator  species  such  as  escherichia  coli,  supplemented  by  overall  coliform  bacteria  counts.  the  rationale  behind  this  monitoring  strategy  is  that  most  human  pathogens  originate  from  other  humans  via  the  sewage  stream.  many  sewage  treatment  plants  have  no  sterilisation  final  stage  and  therefore  discharge  an  effluent  which,  although  having  a  clean  appearance,  still  contains  many  millions  of  bacteria  per  litre,  the  majority  of  which  are  relatively  harmless  coliform  bacteria.  counting  the  number  of  harmless  or
__label__environmentmonitoring less  harmful  sewage  bacteria  allows  a  judgement  to  be  made  about  the  probability  of  significant  numbers  of  pathogenic  bacteria  or  viruses  being  present.  where  e.  coli  or  coliform  levels  exceed  preset  trigger  values,  more  intensive  monitoring  including  specific  monitoring  for  pathogenic  species  is  then  initiated.  populations  monitoring  strategies  can  produce  misleading  answers  when  relaying  on  counts  of  species  or  presence  or  absence  of  particular  organisms  if  there  is  no  regard  to  population  size.  understanding  the  populations  dynamics  of  an  organism  being  monitored  is  critical.as  an  example  if  presence  or  absence  of  a  particular  organism  within  a  10  km  square  is
__label__environmentmonitoring the  measure  adopted  by  a  monitoring  strategy,  then  a  reduction  of  population  from  10,000  per  square  to  10  per  square  will  go  unnoticed  despite  the  very  significant  impact  experienced  by  the  organism.  monitoring  programmes  all  scientifically  reliable  environmental  monitoring  is  performed  in  line  with  a  published  programme.  the  programme  may  include  the  overall  objectives  of  the  organisation,  references  to  the  specific  strategies  that  helps  deliver  the  objective  and  details  of  specific  projects  or  tasks  within  those  strategies  the  key  feature  of  any  programme  is  the  listing  of  what  is  being  monitored  and  how  that  monitoring  is  to  take  place  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  timescale  over  which  it  should  all  happen.  typically,  and  often  as  an  appendix,  a  monitoring  programme  will  provide  a  table  of  locations,  dates  and  sampling  methods  that  are  proposed  and  which,  if  undertaken  in  full,  will  deliver  the  published  monitoring  programme.there  are  a  number  of  commercial  software  packages  which  can  assist  with  the  implementation  of  the  programme,  monitor  its  progress  and  flag  up  inconsistencies  or  omissions  but  none  of  these  can  provide  the  key  building  block  which  is  the  programme  itself.  environmental  monitoring  data  management  systems  given  the  multiple  types  and  increasing  volumes  and  importance  of  monitoring  data,  commercial
__label__environmentmonitoring software  environmental  data  management  systems  edms  or  emdms  are  increasingly  in  common  use  by  regulated  industries.  they  provide  a  means  of  managing  all  monitoring  data  in  a  single  central  place.  quality  validation,  compliance  checking,  verifying  all  data  has  been  received,  and  sending  alerts  are  generally  automated.  typical  interrogation  functionality  enables  comparison  of  data  sets  both  temporarily  and  spatially.  they  will  also  generate  regulatory  and  other  reports.one  formal  certification  scheme  exists  specifically  for  environmental  data  management  software.  this  is  provided  by  the  environment  agency  in  the  u.k.  under  its  monitoring  certification  scheme  mcerts.  sampling  methods  there  are  a  wide  range  of
__label__environmentmonitoring sampling  methods  which  depend  on  the  type  of  environment,  the  material  being  sampled  and  the  subsequent  analysis  of  the  sample.at  its  simplest  a  sample  can  be  filling  a  clean  bottle  with  river  water  and  submitting  it  for  conventional  chemical  analysis.  at  the  more  complex  end,  sample  data  may  be  produced  by  complex  electronic  sensing  devices  taking  subsamples  over  fixed  or  variable  time  periods.  judgmental  sampling  in  judgmental  sampling,  the  selection  of  sampling  units  i.e.,  the  number  and  location  and/or  timing  of  collecting  samples  is  based  on  knowledge  of  the  feature  or  condition  under  investigation  and  on  professional  judgment.  judgmental  sampling
__label__environmentmonitoring is  distinguished  from  probabilitybased  sampling  in  that  inferences  are  based  on  professional  judgment,  not  statistical  scientific  theory.  therefore,  conclusions  about  the  target  population  are  limited  and  depend  entirely  on  the  validity  and  accuracy  of  professional  judgment;  probabilistic  statements  about  parameters  are  not  possible.  as  described  in  subsequent  chapters,  expert  judgment  may  also  be  used  in  conjunction  with  other  sampling  designs  to  produce  effective  sampling  for  defensible  decisions.  simple  random  sampling  in  simple  random  sampling,  particular  sampling  units  for  example,  locations  and/or  times  are  selected  using  random  numbers,  and  all  possible  selections  of  a  given  number  of  units  are  equally  likely.
__label__environmentmonitoring for  example,  a  simple  random  sample  of  a  set  of  drums  can  be  taken  by  numbering  all  the  drums  and  randomly  selecting  numbers  from  that  list  or  by  sampling  an  area  by  using  pairs  of  random  coordinates.  this  method  is  easy  to  understand,  and  the  equations  for  determining  sample  size  are  relatively  straightforward.  an  example  is  shown  in  figure  22.  this  figure  illustrates  a  possible  simple  random  sample  for  a  square  area  of  soil.  simple  random  sampling  is  most  useful  when  the  population  of  interest  is  relatively  homogeneous;  i.e.,  no  major  patterns  of  contamination  or  hot  spots  are  expected.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring main  advantages  of  this  design  are:it  provides  statistically  unbiased  estimates  of  the  mean,  proportions,  and  variability.it  is  easy  to  understand  and  easy  to  implement.sample  size  calculations  and  data  analysis  are  very  straightforward.in  some  cases,  implementation  of  a  simple  random  sample  can  be  more  difficult  than  some  other  types  of  designs  for  example,  grid  samples  because  of  the  difficulty  of  precisely  identifying  random  geographic  locations.  additionally,  simple  random  sampling  can  be  more  costly  than  other  plans  if  difficulties  in  obtaining  samples  due  to  location  causes  an  expenditure  of  extra  effort.  stratified  sampling  in  stratified  sampling,  the  target  population  is  separated  into
__label__environmentmonitoring nonoverlapping  strata,  or  subpopulations  that  are  known  or  thought  to  be  more  homogeneous  relative  to  the  environmental  medium  or  the  contaminant,  so  that  there  tends  to  be  less  variation  among  sampling  units  in  the  same  stratum  than  among  sampling  units  in  different  strata.  strata  may  be  chosen  on  the  basis  of  spatial  or  temporal  proximity  of  the  units,  or  on  the  basis  of  preexisting  information  or  professional  judgment  about  the  site  or  process.  advantages  of  this  sampling  design  are  that  it  has  potential  for  achieving  greater  precision  in  estimates  of  the  mean  and  variance,  and  that  it  allows  computation  of
__label__environmentmonitoring reliable  estimates  for  population  subgroups  of  special  interest.  greater  precision  can  be  obtained  if  the  measurement  of  interest  is  strongly  correlated  with  the  variable  used  to  make  the  strata.  systematic  and  grid  sampling  in  systematic  and  grid  sampling,  samples  are  taken  at  regularly  spaced  intervals  over  space  or  time.  an  initial  location  or  time  is  chosen  at  random,  and  then  the  remaining  sampling  locations  are  defined  so  that  all  locations  are  at  regular  intervals  over  an  area  grid  or  time  systematic.  examples  systematic  grid  sampling  square  grid  systematic  grid  sampling  triangular  grids  of  systematic  grids  include  square,  rectangular,  triangular,  or
__label__environmentmonitoring radial  grids.cressie,  1993.  in  random  systematic  sampling,  an  initial  sampling  location  or  time  is  chosen  at  random  and  the  remaining  sampling  sites  are  specified  so  that  they  are  located  according  to  a  regular  pattern.  random  systematic  sampling  is  used  to  search  for  hot  spots  and  to  infer  means,  percentiles,  or  other  parameters  and  is  also  useful  for  estimating  spatial  patterns  or  trends  over  time.  this  design  provides  a  practical  and  easy  method  for  designating  sample  locations  and  ensures  uniform  coverage  of  a  site,  unit,  or  process.ranked  set  sampling  is  an  innovative  design  that  can  be  highly  useful  and  cost  efficient
__label__environmentmonitoring in  obtaining  better  estimates  of  mean  concentration  levels  in  soil  and  other  environmental  media  by  explicitly  incorporating  the  professional  judgment  of  a  field  investigator  or  a  field  screening  measurement  method  to  pick  specific  sampling  locations  in  the  field.  ranked  set  sampling  uses  a  twophase  sampling  design  that  identifies  sets  of  field  locations,  utilizes  inexpensive  measurements  to  rank  locations  within  each  set,  and  then  selects  one  location  from  each  set  for  sampling.  in  ranked  set  sampling,  m  sets  each  of  size  r  of  field  locations  are  identified  using  simple  random  sampling.  the  locations  are  ranked  independently  within  each  set  using  professional
__label__environmentmonitoring judgment  or  inexpensive,  fast,  or  surrogate  measurements.  one  sampling  unit  from  each  set  is  then  selected  based  on  the  observed  ranks  for  subsequent  measurement  using  a  more  accurate  and  reliable  hence,  more  expensive  method  for  the  contaminant  of  interest.  relative  to  simple  random  sampling,  this  design  results  in  more  representative  samples  and  so  leads  to  more  precise  estimates  of  the  population  parameters.  ranked  set  sampling  is  useful  when  the  cost  of  locating  and  ranking  locations  in  the  field  is  low  compared  to  laboratory  measurements.  it  is  also  appropriate  when  an  inexpensive  auxiliary  variable  based  on  expert  knowledge  or  measurement  is
__label__environmentmonitoring available  to  rank  population  units  with  respect  to  the  variable  of  interest.  to  use  this  design  effectively,  it  is  important  that  the  ranking  method  and  analytical  method  are  strongly  correlated.  adaptive  cluster  sampling  in  adaptive  cluster  sampling,  samples  are  taken  using  simple  random  sampling,  and  additional  samples  are  taken  at  locations  where  measurements  exceed  some  threshold  value.  several  additional  rounds  of  sampling  and  analysis  may  be  needed.  adaptive  cluster  sampling  tracks  the  selection  probabilities  for  later  phases  of  sampling  so  that  an  unbiased  estimate  of  the  population  mean  can  be  calculated  despite  oversampling  of  certain  areas.  an  example  application  of
__label__environmentmonitoring adaptive  cluster  sampling  is  delineating  the  borders  of  a  plume  of  contamination.  adaptive  sampling  is  useful  for  estimating  or  searching  for  rare  characteristics  in  a  population  and  is  appropriate  for  inexpensive,  rapid  measurements.  it  enables  delineating  the  boundaries  of  hot  spots,  while  also  using  all  data  collected  with  appropriate  weighting  to  give  unbiased  estimates  of  the  population  mean.  grab  samples  grab  samples  are  samples  taken  of  a  homogeneous  material,  usually  water,  in  a  single  vessel.  filling  a  clean  bottle  with  river  water  is  a  very  common  example.  grab  samples  provide  a  good  snapshot  view  of  the  quality  of  the  sampled
__label__environmentmonitoring environment  at  the  point  of  sampling  and  at  the  time  of  sampling.  without  additional  monitoring,  the  results  cannot  be  extrapolated  to  other  times  or  to  other  parts  of  the  river,  lake  or  groundwater.in  order  to  enable  grab  samples  or  rivers  to  be  treated  as  representative,  repeat  transverse  and  longitudinal  transect  surveys  taken  at  different  times  of  day  and  times  of  year  are  required  to  establish  that  the  grabsample  location  is  as  representative  as  is  reasonably  possible.  for  large  rivers  such  surveys  should  also  have  regard  to  the  depth  of  the  sample  and  how  to  best  manage  the  sampling  locations  at
__label__environmentmonitoring times  of  flood  and  drought.in  lakes  grab  samples  are  relatively  simple  to  take  using  depth  samplers  which  can  be  lowered  to  a  predetermined  depth  and  then  closed  trapping  a  fixed  volume  of  water  from  the  required  depth.  in  all  but  the  shallowest  lakes,  there  are  major  changes  in  the  chemical  composition  of  lake  water  at  different  depths,  especially  during  the  summer  months  when  many  lakes  stratify  into  a  warm,  well  oxygenated  upper  layer  epilimnion  and  a  cool  deoxygenated  lower  layer  hypolimnion.in  the  open  seas  marine  environment  grab  samples  can  establish  a  wide  range  of  baseline  parameters  such  as  salinity  and
__label__environmentmonitoring a  range  of  cation  and  anion  concentrations.  however,  where  changing  conditions  are  an  issue  such  as  near  river  or  sewage  discharges,  close  to  the  effects  of  volcanism  or  close  to  areas  of  freshwater  input  from  melting  ice,  a  grab  sample  can  only  give  a  very  partial  answer  when  taken  on  its  own.  semicontinuous  monitoring  and  continuous  there  is  a  wide  range  of  specialized  sampling  equipment  available  that  can  be  programmed  to  take  samples  at  fixed  or  variable  time  intervals  or  in  response  to  an  external  trigger.  for  example,  a  sampler  can  be  programmed  to  start  taking  samples  of  a  river
__label__environmentmonitoring at  8minute  intervals  when  the  rainfall  intensity  rises  above  1  mm  /  hour.  the  trigger  in  this  case  may  be  a  remote  rain  gauge  communicating  with  the  sampler  by  using  cell  phone  or  meteor  burst  technology.  samplers  can  also  take  individual  discrete  samples  at  each  sampling  occasion  or  bulk  up  samples  into  composite  so  that  in  the  course  of  one  day,  such  a  sampler  might  produce  12  composite  samples  each  composed  of  6  subsamples  taken  at  20minute  intervals.continuous  or  quasicontinuous  monitoring  involves  having  an  automated  analytical  facility  close  to  the  environment  being  monitored  so  that  results  can,  if  required,  be
__label__environmentmonitoring viewed  in  real  time.  such  systems  are  often  established  to  protect  important  water  supplies  such  as  in  the  river  dee  regulation  system  but  may  also  be  part  of  an  overall  monitoring  strategy  on  large  strategic  rivers  where  early  warning  of  potential  problems  is  essential.  such  systems  routinely  provide  data  on  parameters  such  as  ph,  dissolved  oxygen,  conductivity,  turbidity  and  colour  but  it  is  also  possible  to  operate  gas  liquid  chromatography  with  mass  spectrometry  technologies  glc/ms  to  examine  a  wide  range  of  potential  organic  pollutants.  in  all  examples  of  automated  bankside  analysis  there  is  a  requirement  for  water  to  be  pumped
__label__environmentmonitoring from  the  river  into  the  monitoring  station.  choosing  a  location  for  the  pump  inlet  is  equally  as  critical  as  deciding  on  the  location  for  a  river  grab  sample.  the  design  of  the  pump  and  pipework  also  requires  careful  design  to  avoid  artefacts  being  introduced  through  the  action  of  pumping  the  water.  dissolved  oxygen  concentration  is  difficult  to  sustain  through  a  pumped  system  and  glc/ms  facilities  can  detect  microorganic  contaminants  from  the  pipework  and  glands.  passive  sampling  the  use  of  passive  samplers  greatly  reduces  the  cost  and  the  need  of  infrastructure  on  the  sampling  location.  passive  samplers  are  semidisposable  and  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  produced  at  a  relatively  low  cost,  thus  they  can  be  employed  in  great  numbers,  allowing  for  a  better  cover  and  more  data  being  collected.  due  to  being  small  the  passive  sampler  can  also  be  hidden,  and  thereby  lower  the  risk  of  vandalism.  examples  of  passive  sampling  devices  are  the  diffusive  gradients  in  thin  films  dgt  sampler,  chemcatcher,  polar  organic  chemical  integrative  sampler  pocis,  semipermeable  membrane  devices  spmds,  stabilized  liquid  membrane  devices  slmds,  and  an  air  sampling  pump.  remote  surveillance  although  onsite  data  collection  using  electronic  measuring  equipment  is  commonplace,  many  monitoring  programmes  also  use  remote  surveillance  and  remote  access
__label__environmentmonitoring to  data  in  real  time.  this  requires  the  onsite  monitoring  equipment  to  be  connected  to  a  base  station  via  either  a  telemetry  network,  landline,  cell  phone  network  or  other  telemetry  system  such  as  meteor  burst.  the  advantage  of  remote  surveillance  is  that  many  data  feeds  can  come  into  a  single  base  station  for  storing  and  analysis.  it  also  enable  trigger  levels  or  alert  levels  to  be  set  for  individual  monitoring  sites  and/or  parameters  so  that  immediate  action  can  be  initiated  if  a  trigger  level  is  exceeded.  the  use  of  remote  surveillance  also  allows  for  the  installation  of  very  discrete  monitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring equipment  which  can  often  be  buried,  camouflaged  or  tethered  at  depth  in  a  lake  or  river  with  only  a  short  whip  aerial  protruding.  use  of  such  equipment  tends  to  reduce  vandalism  and  theft  when  monitoring  in  locations  easily  accessible  by  the  public.  remote  sensing  environmental  remote  sensing  uses  aircraft  or  satellites  to  monitor  the  environment  using  multichannel  sensors.there  are  two  kinds  of  remote  sensing.  passive  sensors  detect  natural  radiation  that  is  emitted  or  reflected  by  the  object  or  surrounding  area  being  observed.  reflected  sunlight  is  the  most  common  source  of  radiation  measured  by  passive  sensors  and  in  environmental  remote  sensing,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sensors  used  are  tuned  to  specific  wavelengths  from  far  infrared  through  visible  light  frequencies  to  the  far  ultraviolet.  the  volumes  of  data  that  can  be  collected  are  very  large  and  require  dedicated  computational  support.  the  output  of  data  analysis  from  remote  sensing  are  false  colour  images  which  differentiate  small  differences  in  the  radiation  characteristics  of  the  environment  being  monitored.  with  a  skilful  operator  choosing  specific  channels  it  is  possible  to  amplify  differences  which  are  imperceptible  to  the  human  eye.  in  particular  it  is  possible  to  discriminate  subtle  changes  in  chlorophyll  a  and  chlorophyll  b  concentrations  in  plants  and  show
__label__environmentmonitoring areas  of  an  environment  with  slightly  different  nutrient  regimes.active  remote  sensing  emits  energy  and  uses  a  passive  sensor  to  detect  and  measure  the  radiation  that  is  reflected  or  backscattered  from  the  target.  lidar  is  often  used  to  acquire  information  about  the  topography  of  an  area,  especially  when  the  area  is  large  and  manual  surveying  would  be  prohibitively  expensive  or  difficult.remote  sensing  makes  it  possible  to  collect  data  on  dangerous  or  inaccessible  areas.  remote  sensing  applications  include  monitoring  deforestation  in  areas  such  as  the  amazon  basin,  the  effects  of  climate  change  on  glaciers  and  arctic  and  antarctic  regions,  and  depth  sounding
__label__environmentmonitoring of  coastal  and  ocean  depths.orbital  platforms  collect  and  transmit  data  from  different  parts  of  the  electromagnetic  spectrum,  which  in  conjunction  with  larger  scale  aerial  or  groundbased  sensing  and  analysis,  provides  information  to  monitor  trends  such  as  el  nio  and  other  natural  long  and  short  term  phenomena.  other  uses  include  different  areas  of  the  earth  sciences  such  as  natural  resource  management,  land  use  planning  and  conservation.  biomonitoring  the  use  of  living  organisms  as  monitoring  tools  has  many  advantages.  organisms  living  in  the  environment  under  study  are  constantly  exposed  to  the  physical,  biological  and  chemical  influences  of  that  environment.  organisms  that  have
__label__environmentmonitoring a  tendency  to  accumulate  chemical  species  can  often  accumulate  significant  quantities  of  material  from  very  low  concentrations  in  the  environment.  mosses  have  been  used  by  many  investigators  to  monitor  heavy  metal  concentrations  because  of  their  tendency  to  selectively  adsorb  heavy  metals.similarly,  eels  have  been  used  to  study  halogenated  organic  chemicals,  as  these  are  adsorbed  into  the  fatty  deposits  within  the  eel.  other  sampling  methods  ecological  sampling  requires  careful  planning  to  be  representative  and  as  noninvasive  as  possible.  for  grasslands  and  other  low  growing  habitats  the  use  of  a  quadrat  a  1metre  square  frame  is  often  used  with  the  numbers  and
__label__environmentmonitoring types  of  organisms  growing  within  each  quadrat  area  countedsediments  and  soils  require  specialist  sampling  tools  to  ensure  that  the  material  recovered  is  representative.  such  samplers  are  frequently  designed  to  recover  a  specified  volume  of  material  and  may  also  be  designed  to  recover  the  sediment  or  soil  living  biota  as  well  such  as  the  ekman  grab  sampler.  data  interpretations  the  interpretation  of  environmental  data  produced  from  a  well  designed  monitoring  programme  is  a  large  and  complex  topic  addressed  by  many  publications.  regrettably  it  is  sometimes  the  case  that  scientists  approach  the  analysis  of  results  with  a  preconceived  outcome  in  mind  and
__label__environmentmonitoring use  or  misuse  statistics  to  demonstrate  that  their  own  particular  point  of  view  is  correct.statistics  remains  a  tool  that  is  equally  easy  to  use  or  to  misuse  to  demonstrate  the  lessons  learnt  from  environmental  monitoring.  environmental  quality  indices  since  the  start  of  sciencebased  environmental  monitoring,  a  number  of  quality  indices  have  been  devised  to  help  classify  and  clarify  the  meaning  of  the  considerable  volumes  of  data  involved.  stating  that  a  river  stretch  is  in  class  b  is  likely  to  be  much  more  informative  than  stating  that  this  river  stretch  has  a  mean  bod  of  4.2,  a  mean  dissolved  oxygen  of
__label__environmentmonitoring 85,  etc.  in  the  uk  the  environment  agency  formally  employed  a  system  called  general  quality  assessment  gqa  which  classified  rivers  into  six  quality  letter  bands  from  a  to  f  based  on  chemical  criteria  and  on  biological  criteria.  the  environment  agency  and  its  devolved  partners  in  wales  countryside  council  for  wales,  ccw  and  scotland  scottish  environmental  protection  agency,  sepa  now  employ  a  system  of  biological,  chemical  and  physical  classification  for  rivers  and  lakes  that  corresponds  with  the  eu  water  framework  directive.  see  also  biodiversity  monitoring,  e.g.  biodiversity  monitoring  switzerlandcarbon  monitoringcarbon  profilingcitizen  science,  cleanup  projects  that  people  can  take  part  in.crowdmappingunmanned  aerial
__label__environmentmonitoring participatory  monitoring  also  known  as  collaborative  monitoring,  communitybased  monitoring,  locally  based  monitoring,  or  volunteer  monitoring  is  the  regular  collection  of  measurements  or  other  kinds  of  data  monitoring,  usually  of  natural  resources  and  biodiversity,  undertaken  by  local  residents  of  the  monitored  area,  who  rely  on  local  natural  resources  and  thus  have  more  local  knowledge  of  those  resources.  those  involved  usually  live  in  communities  with  considerable  social  cohesion,  where  they  regularly  cooperate  on  shared  projects.participatory  monitoring  has  emerged  as  an  alternative  or  addition  to  professional  scientistexecuted  monitoring.  scientistexecuted  monitoring  is  often  costly  and  hard  to  sustain,  especially  in  those  regions  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring world  where  financial  resources  are  limited.  moreover,  scientistexecuted  monitoring  can  be  logistically  and  technically  difficult  and  is  often  perceived  to  be  irrelevant  by  resource  managers  and  the  local  communities.  involving  local  people  and  their  communities  in  monitoring  is  often  part  of  the  process  of  sharing  the  management  of  land  and  resources  with  the  local  communities.  it  is  connected  to  the  devolution  of  rights  and  power  to  the  locals.  aside  from  potentially  providing  highquality  information,  participatory  monitoring  can  raise  local  awareness  and  build  the  community  and  local  government  expertise  that  is  needed  for  addressing  the  management  of  natural  resources.participatory  monitoring  is
__label__environmentmonitoring sometimes  included  in  terms  such  as  citizen  science,  crowdsourcing,  public  participation  in  scientific  research  and  participatory  action  research.  definition  the  term  participatory  monitoring  embraces  a  broad  range  of  approaches,  from  selfmonitoring  of  harvests  by  local  resource  users  themselves,  to  censuses  by  local  rangers,  and  inventories  by  amateur  naturalists.  the  term  includes  techniques  labelled  as  selfmonitoring,  rangerbased  monitoring,  eventmonitoring,  participatory  assessment,  monitoring  and  evaluation  of  biodiversity,  communitybased  observing,  and  communitybased  monitoring  and  information  systems.many  of  these  approaches  are  directly  linked  to  resource  management,  but  the  entities  being  monitored  vary  widely,  from  individual  animals  and  plants,  through  habitats,  to  ecosystem  goods  and
__label__environmentmonitoring services.  however,  all  of  the  approaches  have  in  common  that  the  monitoring  is  carried  out  by  individuals  who  live  in  the  monitored  places  and  rely  on  local  natural  resources,  and  that  local  people  or  local  government  staff  are  directly  involved  in  formulation  of  research  questions,  data  collection,  and  in  most  instances  data  analysis,  and  implementation  of  management  solutions  based  on  research  findings.participatory  monitoring  is  included  in  the  term  participatory  monitoring  and  management  which  has  been  defined  as  approaches  used  by  local  and  indigenous  communities,  informed  by  traditional  and  local  knowledge,  and,  increasingly,  by  contemporary  science,  to  assess  the  status  of
__label__environmentmonitoring resources  and  threats  on  their  land  and  advance  sustainable  economic  opportunities  based  on  the  use  of  natural  resources.  term  participatory  monitoring  and  management  is  particularly  used  in  tropical,  arctic  and  developing  regions,  where  communities  are  most  often  the  custodians  of  valuable  biodiversity  and  extensive  natural  ecosystems.  alternative  definitions  other  definitions  for  participatory  monitoring  have  also  been  proposed,  including:the  systematic  collection  of  information  at  regular  intervals  for  initial  assessment  and  for  the  monitoring  of  change.  this  collection  is  undertaken  by  locals  in  a  community  who  do  not  have  professional  training.likewise,  the  term  communitybased  monitoring  of  natural  resources  has  been  defined  as:a
__label__environmentmonitoring process  where  concerned  citizens,  government  agencies,  industry,  academia,  community  groups  and  local  institutions  collaborate  to  monitor,  track,  and  respond  to  issues  of  common  community  concern.monitoring  of  natural  resources  undertaken  by  local  stakeholders  using  their  own  resources  and  in  relation  to  aims  and  objectives  that  make  sense  to  them.a  process  of  routinely  observing  environmental  or  social  phenomena,  or  both,  that  is  led  and  undertaken  by  community  members  and  can  involve  external  collaboration  and  support  of  visiting  researchers  and  government  agencies.  limitations  it  has  been  suggested  that  participatory  monitoring  is  unlikely  to  provide  quantitative  data  on  largescale  changes  in  habitat  area,  or
__label__environmentmonitoring on  populations  of  cryptic  species  that  are  hard  to  identify  or  census  reliably.  it  has  also  been  suggested  that  participatory  monitoring  is  not  suitable  for  monitoring  resources  that  are  so  valuable  they  attract  powerful  outsiders.  likewise,  in  areas  where  changes,  threats,  or  interventions  operate  in  complex  fashions,  where  rural  people  do  not  depend  on  the  use  of  natural  resources  and  there  are  no  real  benefits  flowing  to  the  local  people  from  doing  monitoring  work  or  the  costs  to  local  people  of  involvement  exceed  the  benefits,  or  where  there  is  a  poor  relationship  between  the  authorities  and  the  local  people,  participatory
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring  is  probably  less  likely  to  yield  useful  data  and  management  solutions  than  conventional  scientific  approaches.  history  whereas  government  censuses  of  human  populations,  which  date  perhaps  to  the  16th  century  b.c.,  were  likely  the  first  formal  attempts  at  environmental  monitoring,  farmers,  fishers  and  forest  users  have  informally  monitored  resource  conditions  for  even  longer,  their  observations  influencing  survival  strategies  and  resource  use.participatory  monitoring  schemes  are  in  operation  on  all  the  inhabited  continents,  and  the  approach  is  beginning  to  appear  in  textbooks.  conferences  an  international  symposium  on  participatory  monitoring  was  hosted  by  the  nordic  agency  for  development  and  ecology  and  the  zoology
__label__environmentmonitoring department  at  cambridge  university  in  denmark  in  april  2004.  it  led  to  a  special  issue  of  biodiversity  and  conservation  october  2005.in  the  arctic,  a  symposium  on  data  management  and  local  knowledge  was  hosted  by  eloka  and  held  in  boulder,  usa,  in  november  2011.  it  led  to  a  special  issue  of  polar  geography  in  2014.in  the  arctic,  three  circumpolar  meetings  were  held  in  20132014:in  november  2013  in  cambridge  bay,  nunavut,  hosted  by  oceans  north  canada,in  december  2013  in  copenhagen,  denmark,  hosted  by  greenland  department  of  fisheries,  hunting  and  agriculture,  eloka,  and  nordic  foundation  for  development  and  ecology,in  march  2014  in  kautokeino,
__label__environmentmonitoring norway,  hosted  by  international  centre  for  reindeer  husbandry,  unesco  and  other  partners.the  first  global  conference  on  participatory  monitoring  and  management  was  hosted  by  the  brazilian  ministry  of  environment  mma  and  the  chico  mendes  institute  for  biodiversity  conservation  icmbio  and  held  in  manaus,  brazil  in  september  2014.  approaches  thematically,  participatory  monitoring  has  considerable  potential  in  several  areas,  including:for  connecting  knowledge  systems:  in  efforts  to  bring  indigenous  and  local  knowledge  systems  into  the  sciencepolicy  interface  such  as  the  intergovernmental  platform  for  biodiversity  and  ecosystem  services.for  monitoring  rapidly  changing  environments:  to  inform  resource  management  in  rapidly  changing  environments  such  as  the  arctic,  where
__label__environmentmonitoring indigenous  and  local  communities  have  detailed  knowledge  of  key  components  of  their  environment,  such  as  seaice,  snow,  weather  patterns,  caribou  and  other  natural  resources.in  payment  for  ecosystem  services  pes  programs:  to  connect  environmental  performance  with  payment  schemes  such  as  redd.for  reinforcing  international  agreements:  in  efforts  to  link  international  environmental  agreements  to  decisionmaking  in  the  real  world.  typology  a  typology  of  monitoring  schemes  has  been  proposed,  determined  on  the  basis  of  relative  contributions  of  local  stakeholders  and  professional  researchers,.  and  supported  by  findings  from  statistical  analysis  of  published  schemes.  the  typology  identified  5  categories  of  monitoring  schemes  that  between  them  span
__label__environmentmonitoring the  full  spectrum  of  natural  resource  monitoring  protocols:category  a.  autonomous  local  monitoring.  in  this  category  the  whole  monitoring  processfrom  design,  to  data  collection,  to  analysis,  and  finally  to  use  of  data  for  management  decisionsis  carried  out  autonomously  by  local  stakeholders.  there  is  no  direct  involvement  of  external  agencies.  for  an  example  see.category  b.  collaborative  monitoring  with  local  data  interpretation.  in  these  schemes,  the  original  initiative  was  taken  by  scientists  but  local  stakeholders  collect,  process  and  interpret  the  data,  although  external  scientists  may  provide  advice  and  training.  the  original  data  collected  by  local  people  remain  in  the  area  being  monitored,  which
__label__environmentmonitoring helps  create  local  ownership  of  the  scheme  and  its  results,  but  copies  of  the  data  may  be  sent  to  professional  researchers  for  indepth  or  largerscale  analysis.  examples  are  included  in.category  c.  collaborative  monitoring  with  external  data  interpretation.  the  third  most  distinct  group  is  monitoring  scheme  category  c.  these  schemes  were  designed  by  scientists  who  also  analyse  the  data,  but  the  local  stakeholders  collect  the  data,  take  decisions  on  the  basis  of  the  findings  and  carry  out  the  management  interventions  emanating  from  the  monitoring  scheme.  examples  are  provided  in.category  d.  externally  driven  monitoring  with  local  data  collectors.  this  category  of  monitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring scheme  involves  local  stakeholders  only  in  data  collection.  the  design,  analysis,  and  interpretation  of  the  monitoring  results  are  undertaken  by  professional  researchersgenerally  far  from  the  site.  monitoring  schemes  of  category  d  are  mostly  longrunning  citizen  science  projects  from  europe  and  north  america.  see  for  examplecategory  e.  externally  driven,  professionally  executed  monitoring.  monitoring  schemes  of  category  e  do  not  involve  local  stakeholders.  design  of  the  scheme,  analysis  of  the  results,  and  management  decisions  derived  from  these  analyses  are  all  undertaken  by  professional  scientists  funded  by  external  agencies.  an  example  is  the  use  of  technology  for  participatory  monitoring  traditional  methods  of  data
__label__environmentmonitoring collection  for  participatory  monitoring  use  paper  and  pen.  this  has  advantages  in  terms  of  low  cost  of  materials  and  training,  simplicity,  and  reduced  potential  for  technical  hitches.  however,  all  data  must  be  transcribed  for  analysis,  which  takes  time  and  can  be  subject  to  transcription  errors.  increasingly,  participatory  monitoring  initiatives  incorporate  technology,  from  gps  recorders  to  georeference  the  data  collected  on  paper,  to  drones  to  survey  remote  areas,  phones  to  send  simple  reports  via  sms,  or  smartphones  to  collect  and  store  data.  various  apps  exist  to  create  and  manage  data  collection  forms  on  smartphones  e.g.  open  data  kit,  sapelli  and  others.some
__label__environmentmonitoring initiatives  find  that  the  use  of  smartphones  for  data  collection  has  advantages  over  paperbased  systems.  the  advantages  include  that  very  little  equipment  need  be  carried  on  a  survey,  a  large  amount  and  variety  of  data  can  be  stored  geographical  locations,  photos  and  audio,  as  well  as  data  entered  onto  monitoring  forms  and  data  can  be  shared  rapidly  for  analysis  without  transcription  errors.  the  use  of  smartphones  can  incentivise  young  people  to  get  involved  in  monitoring,  sparking  an  interest  in  conservation.  some  apps  are  especially  designed  to  be  usable  by  illiterate  monitors.  if  local  people  risk  threats  or  violence  by  monitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring illegal  activities,  the  true  purpose  of  the  phones  can  be  denied,  and  the  monitoring  data  locked  away.  however,  phones  are  expensive;  are  vulnerable  to  damage  and  technical  issues;  necessitate  additional  training  not  least  due  to  rapid  technological  change;  phone  charging  can  be  a  challenge  especially  under  thick  forest  canopies;  and  uploading  data  for  analysis  is  difficult  in  areas  without  network  connections.  data  sharing  in  participatory  monitoring  a  key  challenge  for  participatory  monitoring  is  to  develop  ways  to  store,  manage  and  share  data  and  to  do  this  in  ways  that  respect  the  rights  of  the  communities  that  supplied  the  data.  a
__label__environmentmonitoring rightsbased  approach  to  data  sharing  can  be  based  on  principles  of  free,  prior  and  informed  consent,  and  prioritise  the  protection  of  the  rights  of  those  who  generated  the  data,  and/or  those  potentially  affected  by  datasharing.  local  people  can  do  much  more  than  simply  collect  data:  they  can  also  define  the  ways  that  this  data  is  used,  and  who  has  access  to  it.clear  agreements  on  data  sharing  are  especially  important  for  initiatives  where  diverse  data  is  collected,  of  variable  relevance  to  different  stakeholders.  for  example,  monitoring  could  on  the  one  hand,  investigate  sensitive  social  problems  within  a  community,  or  contested  resources
__label__environmentmonitoring at  the  centre  of  local  conflicts  or  illegal  exploitation  data  that  community  leaders  might  want  to  keep  confidential  and  address  locally;  on  the  other  hand,  the  same  initiative  could  generate  data  on  forest  biomass,  of  greater  interest  to  external  stakeholders.one  way  to  establish  the  rules  around  data  sharing  is  to  set  up  a  data  sharing  protocol.  this  can  define:the  infrastructure  for  data  storage  and  management  computer  programmes,  hard  drives  and  cloud  storage.  local  capacity  should  be  strong  enough  to  access,  manage  and  retain  control  of  the  data.data  classification:  discussions  in  the  communities  can  set  out  how  different  types  of  data
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  used  for  example  a  traffic  light  system  can  define  red  data  that  is  confidential  to  the  community,  amber  data  which  should  be  discussed  prior  to  any  use,  and  green  data  that  is  approved  for  release.processes  for  data  sharing:  this  defines  the  roles  and  responsibilities  of  different  people,  and  the  processes  to  be  followed  for  requests  to  access  data,  dependent  on  how  that  data  is  classified.reporting:  the  protocol  can  set  out  how  data  should  be  reported,  for  example  specifying  the  manner  and  frequency  with  which  findings  are  reported  to  the  local  community,  and  ensuring  that  technical  data  is  presented
__label__environmentmonitoring in  a  way  that  is  compatible  with  external  systems  e.g.  government  databanks  or  processes  to  respond  to  findings.  see  also  references  further  reading  gardner,  t.a.  2010.  monitoring  forest  biodiversity:  improving  conservation  through  ecologically  responsible  management.  earthscan,  london.johnson,  n.  et  al.  2015.  communitybased  monitoring  in  a  changing  arctic:  a  review  for  the  sustaining  arctic  observing  network.  final  report  of  sustaining  arctic  observing  networks  task  9.  ottawa,  on:  inuit  circumpolar  council.lawrence,  a.  ed..  2010.  taking  stock  of  nature.  cambridge  univ.  press,  cambridge,  uk.nordic  council  of  ministers  2015.  local  knowledge  and  resource  management.  on  the  use  of  indigenous  and  local  knowledge  to  document
__label__environmentmonitoring and  manage  natural  resources  in  the  arctic.  temanord  2015506.  nordic  council  of  ministers,  copenhagen,  denmark.  doi:10.6027/tn2015506.special  issue  of  biodiversity  and  conservation  on  the  potential  of  locally  based  approaches  to  monitoring  of  biodiversity  and  resource  use,  available  at  www.monitoringmatters.org  danielsen  et  al.  2005b.special  issue  of  polar  geography  on  local  and  traditional  knowledge  and  data  management  in  the  arctic  http://www.tandfonline.com/toc/tpog20/37/1.vtd0otrtu3qtebtebba  2013.  developing  and  implementing  communitybased  monitoring  and  information  systems:  the  global  workshop  and  the  philippine  workshop  reports.  http://tebtebba.org/index.php/allresources/category/8  books?download890:developingandimplementingcbmistheglobalworkshopand  thephilippineworkshopreports  external  links  atlas  of  communitybased  monitoring  in  the  arctic  http://www.arcticcbm.org/index.htmlcitizen  science  theory  and  practice  http://theoryandpractice.citizenscienceassociation.orgforest  compass  communitybased  forest  monitoring  http://forestcompass.orgparticipatory  monitoring  and
__label__environmentmonitoring a  microclimate  is  a  local  set  of  atmospheric  conditions  that  differ  from  those  in  the  surrounding  areas,  often  with  a  slight  difference  but  sometimes  with  a  substantial  one.  the  term  may  refer  to  areas  as  small  as  a  few  square  meters  or  square  feet  for  example  a  garden  bed  or  a  cave  or  as  large  as  many  square  kilometers  or  square  miles.  because  climate  is  statistical,  which  implies  spatial  and  temporal  variation  of  the  mean  values  of  the  describing  parameters,  within  a  region  there  can  occur  and  persist  over  time  sets  of  statistically  distinct  conditions,  that  is,  microclimates.  microclimates  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  found  in  most  places.microclimates  exist,  for  example,  near  bodies  of  water  which  may  cool  the  local  atmosphere,  or  in  heavy  urban  areas  where  brick,  concrete,  and  asphalt  absorb  the  suns  energy,  heat  up,  and  reradiate  that  heat  to  the  ambient  air:  the  resulting  urban  heat  island  is  a  kind  of  microclimate.another  contributing  factor  of  microclimate  is  the  slope  or  aspect  of  an  area.  southfacing  slopes  in  the  northern  hemisphere  and  northfacing  slopes  in  the  southern  hemisphere  are  exposed  to  more  direct  sunlight  than  opposite  slopes  and  are  therefore  warmer  for  longer  periods  of  time,  giving  the  slope  a  warmer
__label__environmentmonitoring microclimate  than  the  areas  around  the  slope.  the  lowest  area  of  a  glen  may  sometimes  frost  sooner  or  harder  than  a  nearby  spot  uphill,  because  cold  air  sinks,  a  drying  breeze  may  not  reach  the  lowest  bottom,  and  humidity  lingers  and  precipitates,  then  freezes.  background  the  terminology  microclimate  first  appeared  in  the  1950s  in  publications  such  as  climates  in  miniature:  a  study  of  microclimate  environment  thomas  bedford  franklin,  1955.the  area  in  a  developed  industrial  park  may  vary  greatly  from  a  wooded  park  nearby,  as  natural  flora  in  parks  absorb  light  and  heat  in  leaves  that  a  building  roof  or  parking
__label__environmentmonitoring lot  just  radiates  back  into  the  air.  advocates  of  solar  energy  argue  that  widespread  use  of  solar  collection  can  mitigate  overheating  of  urban  environments  by  absorbing  sunlight  and  putting  it  to  work  instead  of  heating  the  foreign  surface  objects.a  microclimate  can  offer  an  opportunity  as  a  small  growing  region  for  crops  that  cannot  thrive  in  the  broader  area;  this  concept  is  often  used  in  permaculture  practiced  in  northern  temperate  climates.  microclimates  can  be  used  to  the  advantage  of  gardeners  who  carefully  choose  and  position  their  plants.  cities  often  raise  the  average  temperature  by  zoning,  and  a  sheltered  position  can  reduce
__label__environmentmonitoring the  severity  of  winter.  roof  gardening,  however,  exposes  plants  to  more  extreme  temperatures  in  both  summer  and  winter.in  an  urban  area,  tall  buildings  create  their  own  microclimate,  both  by  overshadowing  large  areas  and  by  channeling  strong  winds  to  ground  level.  wind  effects  around  tall  buildings  are  assessed  as  part  of  a  microclimate  study.  urban  microclimatemicroclimates  can  also  refer  to  purposemade  environments,  such  as  those  in  a  room  or  other  enclosure.  microclimates  are  commonly  created  and  carefully  maintained  in  museum  display  and  storage  environments.  this  can  be  done  using  passive  methods,  such  as  silica  gel,  or  with  active  microclimate  control  devices.usually,
__label__environmentmonitoring if  the  inland  areas  have  a  humid  continental  climate,  the  coastal  areas  stay  much  milder  during  winter  months,  in  contrast  to  the  hotter  summers.  this  is  the  case  further  north  on  the  american  west  coast,  such  as  in  british  columbia,  canada,  where  vancouver  has  an  oceanic  wet  winter  with  rare  frosts,  but  inland  areas  that  average  several  degrees  warmer  in  summer  have  cold  and  snowy  winters.  soil  types  the  type  of  soil  found  in  an  area  can  also  affect  microclimates.  for  example,  soils  heavy  in  clay  can  act  like  pavement,  moderating  the  near  ground  temperature.  on  the  other  hand,  if
__label__environmentmonitoring soil  has  many  air  pockets,  then  the  heat  could  be  trapped  underneath  the  topsoil,  resulting  in  the  increased  possibility  of  frost  at  ground  level.  sources  and  influences  on  microclimate  two  main  parameters  to  define  a  microclimate  within  a  certain  area  are  temperature  and  humidity.  a  source  of  a  drop  in  temperature  and/or  humidity  can  be  attributed  to  different  sources  or  influences.often  microclimate  is  shaped  by  a  conglomerate  of  different  influences  and  is  a  subject  of  microscale  meteorology.  cold  air  pool  the  well  known  examples  of  cold  air  pool  cap  effect  aregstettneralm  sinkhole  in  austria  lowest  recorded  temperature  53  c  63
__label__environmentmonitoring f  and  peter  sinks  in  the  us.the  main  criterion  on  the  wind  speed  v  displaystyle  v  in  order  to  create  a  warm  air  flow  penetration  into  a  cap  is  the  following:  f  r  v  n  h  f  r  c  ,  displaystyle  mathrm  fr  frac  vnhgeq  mathrm  fr  c,  where  f  r  displaystyle  mathrm  fr  is  the  froude  number,  n  displaystyle  n  the  bruntvisl  frequency,  h  displaystyle  h  depth  of  the  valley,  and  f  r  c  displaystyle  mathrm  fr  c  froude  number  at  the  threshold  wind  speed.  craters  the  presence  of  permafrost  close  to  the  surface  in  a  crater  creates  a
__label__environmentmonitoring unique  microclimate  environment.  caves  and  lava  tubes  as  similar  as  lava  tubes  can  be  to  caves  which  are  not  formed  due  to  volcanic  activity  the  microclimate  within  the  former  is  different  due  to  dominant  presence  of  basalt.lava  tubes  and  basaltic  caves  are  important  astrobiological  targets  on  earth  and  mars  see  also  martian  lava  tube.  plant  microclimate  as  pointed  out  by  rudolf  geiger  in  his  book  not  only  climate  influences  the  living  plant  but  the  opposite  effect  of  the  interaction  of  plants  on  their  environment  can  also  take  place,  and  is  known  as  plant  climate.  dams  artificial  reservoirs  as  well  as
__label__environmentmonitoring natural  ones  create  microclimates  and  often  influence  the  macroscopic  climate  as  well.  cities  and  regions  known  for  microclimates  americas  northern  california  above  the  bay  area  is  also  well  known  for  microclimates  with  significant  differences  of  temperatures.  the  coastline  typically  averages  between  17  and  19  c  63  and  66  f  during  summer  months  along  that  coastline,  but  inland  towns  not  far  from  the  ocean  such  as  lakeport,  average  as  much  as  34  c  93  f  in  spite  of  being  just  around  40  miles  64  km  inland.  even  as  far  north  as  the  klamath  river  valley  around  the  41st  parallel  north  between
__label__environmentmonitoring willow  creek  and  eureka  averages  such  temperatures,  which  is  extremely  hot  for  such  northerly  areas.  at  this  parallel,  the  temperature  at  the  coast  is  so  cool  that  willow  creek  beats  eurekas  alltime  record  temperature  on  average  79  times  per  year.  this  is  in  spite  of  the  areas  being  less  than  50  miles  from  each  other.  in  oceanic  stable  terms  it  is  like  traveling  from  the  summers  in  the  north  of  england  to  the  south  of  spain  in  a  fraction  of  the  distance.san  francisco  is  a  city  with  microclimates  and  submicroclimates.  due  to  the  citys  varied  topography  and  influence  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring prevailing  summer  marine  layer,  weather  conditions  can  vary  by  as  much  as  9  f  5  c  from  block  to  block.  the  noe  valley  district  for  example,  is  typically  warmer  and  sunnier  than  adjacent  areas  because  the  surrounding  hills  block  some  of  the  cool  fog  from  the  pacific.the  region  as  a  whole,  known  as  the  san  francisco  bay  area  can  have  a  wide  range  of  extremes  in  temperature.  in  the  basins  and  valleys  adjoining  the  coast,  climate  is  subject  to  wide  variations  within  short  distances  as  a  result  of  the  influence  of  topography  on  the  circulation  of  marine  air.  the  san
__label__environmentmonitoring francisco  bay  area  offers  many  varieties  of  climate  within  a  few  miles.  in  the  bay  area,  for  example,  the  average  maximum  temperature  in  july  is  about  64  f  18  c  at  half  moon  bay  on  the  coast,  87  f  31  c  at  walnut  creek  only  25  mi  40  km  inland,  and  95  f  35  c  at  tracy,  just  50  mi  80  km  inland.the  los  angeles  and  san  diego  areas  are  also  subject  to  phenomena  typical  of  a  microclimate.  the  temperatures  can  vary  as  much  as  18  f  10  c  between  inland  areas  and  the  coast,  with  a  temperature  gradient  of
__label__environmentmonitoring over  one  degree  per  mile  1.6  km  from  the  coast  inland.  hills  and  mountains  can  also  block  coastal  air  masses.  the  san  fernando  valley  is  usually  much  warmer  in  summer  than  most  of  los  angeles,  because  the  santa  monica  mountains  usually  block  the  cool  ocean  breezes  and  fog.  southern  california  has  also  a  weather  phenomenon  called  june  gloom  or  may  grey,  which  sometimes  gives  overcast  or  foggy  skies  in  the  morning  at  the  coast,  but  usually  gives  sunny  skies  by  noon,  during  late  spring  and  early  summer.calgary,  alberta  is  also  known  for  its  microclimates.  especially  notable  are  the  differences  between
__label__environmentmonitoring the  downtown  and  river  valley/flood  plain  regions  and  the  areas  to  the  west  and  north.  this  is  largely  due  to  an  elevation  difference  within  the  citys  boundaries  of  over  1,000  ft  300  m,  but  can  also  be  attributed  somewhat,  to  the  effects  of  the  seasonal  chinooks.halifax,  nova  scotia  also  has  numerous  microclimates.  coastal  temperatures  and  weather  conditions  can  differ  considerably  from  areas  located  just  515  km  3.19.3  mi  inland.  this  is  true  in  all  seasons.  varying  elevations  are  common  throughout  the  city,  and  it  is  even  possible  to  experience  several  microclimates  while  traveling  on  a  single  highway  due  to  these
__label__environmentmonitoring changing  elevations.chesapeake  bay  is  also  known  for  its  subtropical  microclimate.  it  is  most  notable  for  its  mild  climatic  effects  on  the  area  east  and  west  of  the  lowlands  of  maryland  and  delmarva.  having  over  64,000  square  miles  of  water;  most  of  which  is  a  mix  of  fresh  and  salt  water  creates  higher  levels  of  humidity  and  heat  in  the  spring  and  summer  months.  an  example  of  this  effect  is  the  survival  of  tropical  palm  trees  and  plants  such  as  water  hyacinths  in  the  area.santiago,  chile  and  villa  de  merlo,  argentina  are  also  subject  to  microclimates.  europe  known  for  its  wines,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ticino  region  in  switzerland  benefits  from  a  microclimate  in  which  palm  trees  and  banana  trees  grow.montreux  in  switzerland.weggis  in  switzerland.ahr  valley  in  germanygran  canaria  is  called  miniature  continent  for  its  rich  variety  of  microclimates.tenerife  is  known  for  its  wide  variety  of  microclimates.biddulph  grange  is  very  rich  with  microclimates  as  a  result  of  the  large  dips  and  variety  of  very  large  trees  alongside  a  large  amount  of  water.leeds,  located  in  yorkshire,  england  is  known  to  have  a  number  of  microclimates  because  of  the  number  of  valleys  surrounding  the  city  centre.the  coastal  areas  in  the  andalusia  region  of  spain  typically  average
__label__environmentmonitoring around  at  30  c  86  f  in  summer,  but  tarifa  only  averages  24  c  75  f.  further  north  along  the  coast  cdiz  has  a  summer  average  of  27  c  81  f  withco  warm  nights,  whereas  nearby  jerez  de  la  frontera  has  summer  highs  of  33  c  91  f  with  inland  areas  further  north  such  as  seville  being  even  hotter.sorana,  a  commune  in  italys  pescia  valley  with  a  microclimate  considered  ideal  for  growing  the  sorana  bean.  asia  and  oceania  amman,  jordan  has  extreme  examples  of  microclimate,  and  almost  every  neighbourhood  exhibits  its  own  weather.  it  is  known  among  locals  that  some
__label__environmentmonitoring boroughs  such  as  the  northern  and  western  suburbs  are  among  the  coldest  in  the  city,  and  can  be  experiencing  frost  or  snow  whilst  other  warmer  districts  such  as  the  city  centre  can  be  at  much  warmer  temperatures  at  the  same  time.yazd  and  kashan  in  iran,  the  traditional  architecture  benefits  from  central  courtyards  with  trees  and  water  pools  that  function  together  with  wind  catchers  to  create  a  favorable  microclimate  in  this  desert  area.sydney,  australia  has  a  microclimate  occurring  prominently  in  the  warmer  months.  inland,  in  sydneys  western  suburbs,  the  climate  is  drier  and  significantly  hotter  with  temperatures  generally  around  37  c
__label__environmentmonitoring 513  f  above  sydney  cbd  and  eastern  suburbs  the  coast,  as  sea  breezes  dont  penetrate  further  inland.  in  summer,  the  coast  averages  at  25.9  c  78.6  f,  while  inland  varies  between  28  and  30  c  82  and  86  f,  depending  on  the  suburb.  in  extreme  occasions,  the  coast  would  have  a  temperature  of  24  c  75  f,  while  a  suburb  20  km  12.43  mi  inland  bakes  in  36  c  97  f  heat.  however,  winter  lows  in  the  west  are  around  35  c  59  f  cooler  than  the  coastal  suburbs,  and  may  provide  mild  to  moderate  frost.  within  the  city  and
__label__environmentmonitoring surrounds,  rainfall  varies,  from  around  682.5  mm  26.87  in  in  the  farwest  to  1,213.8  mm  47.79  in  at  observatory  hill  the  east,  or  the  coast.  see  also  climate  categories  in  viticulturecities  for  climate  protection  programmesonet  and  micronetregional  climate  levels  in  viticultureterroir  references  external  links  cornell  gardening  resources  microclimatesusda  forest  service,  microclimate  in  forest  ecosystem  and  landscape  ecologytrends  in  microclimate  control  of  museum  display  cases
__label__environmentmonitoring agriculture  is  the  science  and  art  of  cultivating  plants  and  livestock.  agriculture  was  the  key  development  in  the  rise  of  sedentary  human  civilization,  whereby  farming  of  domesticated  species  created  food  surpluses  that  enabled  people  to  live  in  cities.  the  history  of  agriculture  began  thousands  of  years  ago.  after  gathering  wild  grains  beginning  at  least  105,000  years  ago,  nascent  farmers  began  to  plant  them  around  11,500  years  ago.  pigs,  sheep  and  cattle  were  domesticated  over  10,000  years  ago.  plants  were  independently  cultivated  in  at  least  11  regions  of  the  world.  industrial  agriculture  based  on  largescale  monoculture  in  the  twentieth  century  came
__label__environmentmonitoring to  dominate  agricultural  output,  though  about  2  billion  people  still  depended  on  subsistence  agriculture  into  the  twentyfirst.modern  agronomy,  plant  breeding,  agrochemicals  such  as  pesticides  and  fertilizers,  and  technological  developments  have  sharply  increased  yields,  while  causing  widespread  ecological  and  environmental  damage.  selective  breeding  and  modern  practices  in  animal  husbandry  have  similarly  increased  the  output  of  meat,  but  have  raised  concerns  about  animal  welfare  and  environmental  damage.  environmental  issues  include  contributions  to  global  warming,  depletion  of  aquifers,  deforestation,  antibiotic  resistance,  and  growth  hormones  in  industrial  meat  production.  genetically  modified  organisms  are  widely  used,  although  some  are  banned  in  certain  countries.the  major  agricultural
__label__environmentmonitoring products  can  be  broadly  grouped  into  foods,  fibers,  fuels  and  raw  materials  such  as  rubber.  food  classes  include  cereals  grains,  vegetables,  fruits,  oils,  meat,  milk,  fungi  and  eggs.  over  onethird  of  the  worlds  workers  are  employed  in  agriculture,  second  only  to  the  service  sector,  although  the  number  of  agricultural  workers  in  developed  countries  has  decreased  significantly  over  the  centuries.  etymology  and  scope  the  word  agriculture  is  a  late  middle  english  adaptation  of  latin  agricultra,  from  ager,  field,  which  in  its  turn  came  from  greek  ,  and  cultra,  cultivation  or  growing.  while  agriculture  usually  refers  to  human  activities,  certain  species  of
__label__environmentmonitoring ant,  termite  and  ambrosia  beetle  also  cultivate  crops.  agriculture  is  defined  with  varying  scopes,  in  its  broadest  sense  using  natural  resources  to  produce  commodities  which  maintain  life,  including  food,  fiber,  forest  products,  horticultural  crops,  and  their  related  services.  thus  defined,  it  includes  arable  farming,  horticulture,  animal  husbandry  and  forestry,  but  horticulture  and  forestry  are  in  practice  often  excluded.  history  origins  the  development  of  agriculture  enabled  the  human  population  to  grow  many  times  larger  than  could  be  sustained  by  hunting  and  gathering.  agriculture  began  independently  in  different  parts  of  the  globe,  and  included  a  diverse  range  of  taxa,  in  at  least
__label__environmentmonitoring 11  separate  centres  of  origin.  wild  grains  were  collected  and  eaten  from  at  least  105,000  years  ago.  from  around  11,500  years  ago,  the  eight  neolithic  founder  crops,  emmer  and  einkorn  wheat,  hulled  barley,  peas,  lentils,  bitter  vetch,  chick  peas  and  flax  were  cultivated  in  the  levant.  rice  was  domesticated  in  china  between  11,500  and  6,200  bc  with  the  earliest  known  cultivation  from  5,700  bc,  followed  by  mung,  soy  and  azuki  beans.  sheep  were  domesticated  in  mesopotamia  between  13,000  and  11,000  years  ago.  cattle  were  domesticated  from  the  wild  aurochs  in  the  areas  of  modern  turkey  and  pakistan  some  10,500  years
__label__environmentmonitoring ago.  pig  production  emerged  in  eurasia,  including  europe,  east  asia  and  southwest  asia,  where  wild  boar  were  first  domesticated  about  10,500  years  ago.  in  the  andes  of  south  america,  the  potato  was  domesticated  between  10,000  and  7,000  years  ago,  along  with  beans,  coca,  llamas,  alpacas,  and  guinea  pigs.  sugarcane  and  some  root  vegetables  were  domesticated  in  new  guinea  around  9,000  years  ago.  sorghum  was  domesticated  in  the  sahel  region  of  africa  by  7,000  years  ago.  cotton  was  domesticated  in  peru  by  5,600  years  ago,  and  was  independently  domesticated  in  eurasia.  in  mesoamerica,  wild  teosinte  was  bred  into  maize  by  6,000
__label__environmentmonitoring years  ago.scholars  have  offered  multiple  hypotheses  to  explain  the  historical  origins  of  agriculture.  studies  of  the  transition  from  huntergatherer  to  agricultural  societies  indicate  an  initial  period  of  intensification  and  increasing  sedentism;  examples  are  the  natufian  culture  in  the  levant,  and  the  early  chinese  neolithic  in  china.  then,  wild  stands  that  had  previously  been  harvested  started  to  be  planted,  and  gradually  came  to  be  domesticated.  civilizations  in  eurasia,  the  sumerians  started  to  live  in  villages  from  about  8,000  bc,  relying  on  the  tigris  and  euphrates  rivers  and  a  canal  system  for  irrigation.  ploughs  appear  in  pictographs  around  3,000  bc;  seedploughs  around
__label__environmentmonitoring 2,300  bc.  farmers  grew  wheat,  barley,  vegetables  such  as  lentils  and  onions,  and  fruits  including  dates,  grapes,  and  figs.  ancient  egyptian  agriculture  relied  on  the  nile  river  and  its  seasonal  flooding.  farming  started  in  the  predynastic  period  at  the  end  of  the  paleolithic,  after  10,000  bc.  staple  food  crops  were  grains  such  as  wheat  and  barley,  alongside  industrial  crops  such  as  flax  and  papyrus.  in  india,  wheat,  barley  and  jujube  were  domesticated  by  9,000  bc,  soon  followed  by  sheep  and  goats.  cattle,  sheep  and  goats  were  domesticated  in  mehrgarh  culture  by  8,0006,000  bc.  cotton  was  cultivated  by  the  5th4th  millennium
__label__environmentmonitoring bc.  archeological  evidence  indicates  an  animaldrawn  plough  from  2,500  bc  in  the  indus  valley  civilisation.in  china,  from  the  5th  century  bc  there  was  a  nationwide  granary  system  and  widespread  silk  farming.  waterpowered  grain  mills  were  in  use  by  the  1st  century  bc,  followed  by  irrigation.  by  the  late  2nd  century,  heavy  ploughs  had  been  developed  with  iron  ploughshares  and  mouldboards.  these  spread  westwards  across  eurasia.  asian  rice  was  domesticated  8,20013,500  years  ago  depending  on  the  molecular  clock  estimate  that  is  used  on  the  pearl  river  in  southern  china  with  a  single  genetic  origin  from  the  wild  rice  oryza  rufipogon.  in
__label__environmentmonitoring greece  and  rome,  the  major  cereals  were  wheat,  emmer,  and  barley,  alongside  vegetables  including  peas,  beans,  and  olives.  sheep  and  goats  were  kept  mainly  for  dairy  products.in  the  americas,  crops  domesticated  in  mesoamerica  apart  from  teosinte  include  squash,  beans,  and  cocoa.  cocoa  was  being  domesticated  by  the  mayo  chinchipe  of  the  upper  amazon  around  3,000  bc.the  turkey  was  probably  domesticated  in  mexico  or  the  american  southwest.  the  aztecs  developed  irrigation  systems,  formed  terraced  hillsides,  fertilized  their  soil,  and  developed  chinampas  or  artificial  islands.  the  mayas  used  extensive  canal  and  raised  field  systems  to  farm  swampland  from  400  bc.  coca  was
__label__environmentmonitoring domesticated  in  the  andes,  as  were  the  peanut,  tomato,  tobacco,  and  pineapple.  cotton  was  domesticated  in  peru  by  3,600  bc.  animals  including  llamas,  alpacas,  and  guinea  pigs  were  domesticated  there.  in  north  america,  the  indigenous  people  of  the  east  domesticated  crops  such  as  sunflower,  tobacco,  squash  and  chenopodium.  wild  foods  including  wild  rice  and  maple  sugar  were  harvested.  the  domesticated  strawberry  is  a  hybrid  of  a  chilean  and  a  north  american  species,  developed  by  breeding  in  europe  and  north  america.  the  indigenous  people  of  the  southwest  and  the  pacific  northwest  practiced  forest  gardening  and  firestick  farming.  the  natives  controlled  fire
__label__environmentmonitoring on  a  regional  scale  to  create  a  lowintensity  fire  ecology  that  sustained  a  lowdensity  agriculture  in  loose  rotation;  a  sort  of  wild  permaculture.  a  system  of  companion  planting  called  the  three  sisters  was  developed  on  the  great  plains.  the  three  crops  were  winter  squash,  maize,  and  climbing  beans.indigenous  australians,  long  supposed  to  have  been  nomadic  huntergatherers,  practised  systematic  burning  to  enhance  natural  productivity  in  firestick  farming.  the  gunditjmara  and  other  groups  developed  eel  farming  and  fish  trapping  systems  from  some  5,000  years  ago.  there  is  evidence  of  intensification  across  the  whole  continent  over  that  period.  in  two  regions  of  australia,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  central  west  coast  and  eastern  central,  early  farmers  cultivated  yams,  native  millet,  and  bush  onions,  possibly  in  permanent  settlements.  revolution  in  the  middle  ages,  both  in  the  islamic  world  and  in  europe,  agriculture  transformed  with  improved  techniques  and  the  diffusion  of  crop  plants,  including  the  introduction  of  sugar,  rice,  cotton  and  fruit  trees  such  as  the  orange  to  europe  by  way  of  alandalus.  after  1492  the  columbian  exchange  brought  new  world  crops  such  as  maize,  potatoes,  tomatoes,  sweet  potatoes  and  manioc  to  europe,  and  old  world  crops  such  as  wheat,  barley,  rice  and  turnips,  and  livestock  including  horses,  cattle,
__label__environmentmonitoring sheep  and  goats  to  the  americas.irrigation,  crop  rotation,  and  fertilizers  advanced  from  the  17th  century  with  the  british  agricultural  revolution,  allowing  global  population  to  rise  significantly.  since  1900  agriculture  in  developed  nations,  and  to  a  lesser  extent  in  the  developing  world,  has  seen  large  rises  in  productivity  as  mechanization  replaces  human  labor,  and  assisted  by  synthetic  fertilizers,  pesticides,  and  selective  breeding.  the  haberbosch  method  allowed  the  synthesis  of  ammonium  nitrate  fertilizer  on  an  industrial  scale,  greatly  increasing  crop  yields  and  sustaining  a  further  increase  in  global  population.  modern  agriculture  has  raised  or  encountered  ecological,  political,  and  economic  issues  including  water
__label__environmentmonitoring pollution,  biofuels,  genetically  modified  organisms,  tariffs  and  farm  subsidies,  leading  to  alternative  approaches  such  as  the  organic  movement.  types  pastoralism  involves  managing  domesticated  animals.  in  nomadic  pastoralism,  herds  of  livestock  are  moved  from  place  to  place  in  search  of  pasture,  fodder,  and  water.  this  type  of  farming  is  practised  in  arid  and  semiarid  regions  of  sahara,  central  asia  and  some  parts  of  india.in  shifting  cultivation,  a  small  area  of  forest  is  cleared  by  cutting  and  burning  the  trees.  the  cleared  land  is  used  for  growing  crops  for  a  few  years  until  the  soil  becomes  too  infertile,  and  the  area  is
__label__environmentmonitoring abandoned.  another  patch  of  land  is  selected  and  the  process  is  repeated.  this  type  of  farming  is  practiced  mainly  in  areas  with  abundant  rainfall  where  the  forest  regenerates  quickly.  this  practice  is  used  in  northeast  india,  southeast  asia,  and  the  amazon  basin.subsistence  farming  is  practiced  to  satisfy  family  or  local  needs  alone,  with  little  left  over  for  transport  elsewhere.  it  is  intensively  practiced  in  monsoon  asia  and  southeast  asia.  an  estimated  2.5  billion  subsistence  farmers  worked  in  2018,  cultivating  about  60  of  the  earths  arable  land.intensive  farming  is  cultivation  to  maximise  profit,  with  a  low  fallow  ratio  and  a  high
__label__environmentmonitoring use  of  inputs  water,  fertilizer,  pesticide  and  automation.  it  is  practiced  mainly  in  developed  countries.  contemporary  agriculture  status  from  the  twentieth  century,  intensive  agriculture  increased  productivity.  it  substituted  synthetic  fertilizers  and  pesticides  for  labor,  but  caused  increased  water  pollution,  and  often  involved  farm  subsidies.  in  recent  years  there  has  been  a  backlash  against  the  environmental  effects  of  conventional  agriculture,  resulting  in  the  organic,  regenerative,  and  sustainable  agriculture  movements.  one  of  the  major  forces  behind  this  movement  has  been  the  european  union,  which  first  certified  organic  food  in  1991  and  began  reform  of  its  common  agricultural  policy  cap  in  2005  to
__label__environmentmonitoring phase  out  commoditylinked  farm  subsidies,  also  known  as  decoupling.  the  growth  of  organic  farming  has  renewed  research  in  alternative  technologies  such  as  integrated  pest  management,  selective  breeding,  and  controlledenvironment  agriculture.  recent  mainstream  technological  developments  include  genetically  modified  food.  demand  for  nonfood  biofuel  crops,  development  of  former  farm  lands,  rising  transportation  costs,  climate  change,  growing  consumer  demand  in  china  and  india,  and  population  growth,  are  threatening  food  security  in  many  parts  of  the  world.  the  international  fund  for  agricultural  development  posits  that  an  increase  in  smallholder  agriculture  may  be  part  of  the  solution  to  concerns  about  food  prices  and  overall  food
__label__environmentmonitoring security,  given  the  favorable  experience  of  vietnam.  soil  degradation  and  diseases  such  as  stem  rust  are  major  concerns  globally;  approximately  40  of  the  worlds  agricultural  land  is  seriously  degraded.  by  2015,  the  agricultural  output  of  china  was  the  largest  in  the  world,  followed  by  the  european  union,  india  and  the  united  states.  economists  measure  the  total  factor  productivity  of  agriculture  and  by  this  measure  agriculture  in  the  united  states  is  roughly  1.7  times  more  productive  than  it  was  in  1948.  workforce  following  the  threesector  theory,  the  number  of  people  employed  in  agriculture  and  other  primary  activities  such  as  fishing  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  more  than  80  in  the  least  developed  countries,  and  less  than  2  in  the  most  highly  developed  countries.  since  the  industrial  revolution,  many  countries  have  made  the  transition  to  developed  economies,  and  the  proportion  of  people  working  in  agriculture  has  steadily  fallen.  during  the  16th  century  in  europe,  for  example,  between  55  and  75  of  the  population  was  engaged  in  agriculture;  by  the  19th  century,  this  had  dropped  to  between  35  and  65.  in  the  same  countries  today,  the  figure  is  less  than  10.at  the  start  of  the  21st  century,  some  one  billion  people,  or  over  1/3  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring available  work  force,  were  employed  in  agriculture.  it  constitutes  approximately  70  of  the  global  employment  of  children,  and  in  many  countries  employs  the  largest  percentage  of  women  of  any  industry.  the  service  sector  overtook  the  agricultural  sector  as  the  largest  global  employer  in  2007.  safety  agriculture,  specifically  farming,  remains  a  hazardous  industry,  and  farmers  worldwide  remain  at  high  risk  of  workrelated  injuries,  lung  disease,  noiseinduced  hearing  loss,  skin  diseases,  as  well  as  certain  cancers  related  to  chemical  use  and  prolonged  sun  exposure.  on  industrialized  farms,  injuries  frequently  involve  the  use  of  agricultural  machinery,  and  a  common  cause  of  fatal  agricultural
__label__environmentmonitoring injuries  in  developed  countries  is  tractor  rollovers.  pesticides  and  other  chemicals  used  in  farming  can  also  be  hazardous  to  worker  health,  and  workers  exposed  to  pesticides  may  experience  illness  or  have  children  with  birth  defects.  as  an  industry  in  which  families  commonly  share  in  work  and  live  on  the  farm  itself,  entire  families  can  be  at  risk  for  injuries,  illness,  and  death.  ages  06  may  be  an  especially  vulnerable  population  in  agriculture;  common  causes  of  fatal  injuries  among  young  farm  workers  include  drowning,  machinery  and  motor  accidents,  including  with  allterrain  vehicles.the  international  labour  organization  considers  agriculture  one  of  the  most
__label__environmentmonitoring hazardous  of  all  economic  sectors.  it  estimates  that  the  annual  workrelated  death  toll  among  agricultural  employees  is  at  least  170,000,  twice  the  average  rate  of  other  jobs.  in  addition,  incidences  of  death,  injury  and  illness  related  to  agricultural  activities  often  go  unreported.  the  organization  has  developed  the  safety  and  health  in  agriculture  convention,  2001,  which  covers  the  range  of  risks  in  the  agriculture  occupation,  the  prevention  of  these  risks  and  the  role  that  individuals  and  organizations  engaged  in  agriculture  should  play.in  the  united  states,  agriculture  has  been  identified  by  the  national  institute  for  occupational  safety  and  health  as  a  priority
__label__environmentmonitoring industry  sector  in  the  national  occupational  research  agenda  to  identify  and  provide  intervention  strategies  for  occupational  health  and  safety  issues.in  the  european  union,  the  european  agency  for  safety  and  health  at  work  has  issued  guidelines  on  implementing  health  and  safety  directives  in  agriculture,  livestock  farming,  horticulture,  and  forestry.  the  agricultural  safety  and  health  council  of  america  ashca  also  holds  a  yearly  summit  to  discuss  safety.  production  overall  production  varies  by  country  as  listed.  crop  cultivation  systems  cropping  systems  vary  among  farms  depending  on  the  available  resources  and  constraints;  geography  and  climate  of  the  farm;  government  policy;  economic,  social  and  political
__label__environmentmonitoring pressures;  and  the  philosophy  and  culture  of  the  farmer.shifting  cultivation  or  slash  and  burn  is  a  system  in  which  forests  are  burnt,  releasing  nutrients  to  support  cultivation  of  annual  and  then  perennial  crops  for  a  period  of  several  years.  then  the  plot  is  left  fallow  to  regrow  forest,  and  the  farmer  moves  to  a  new  plot,  returning  after  many  more  years  1020.  this  fallow  period  is  shortened  if  population  density  grows,  requiring  the  input  of  nutrients  fertilizer  or  manure  and  some  manual  pest  control.  annual  cultivation  is  the  next  phase  of  intensity  in  which  there  is  no  fallow  period.  this
__label__environmentmonitoring requires  even  greater  nutrient  and  pest  control  inputs.further  industrialization  led  to  the  use  of  monocultures,  when  one  cultivar  is  planted  on  a  large  acreage.  because  of  the  low  biodiversity,  nutrient  use  is  uniform  and  pests  tend  to  build  up,  necessitating  the  greater  use  of  pesticides  and  fertilizers.  multiple  cropping,  in  which  several  crops  are  grown  sequentially  in  one  year,  and  intercropping,  when  several  crops  are  grown  at  the  same  time,  are  other  kinds  of  annual  cropping  systems  known  as  polycultures.in  subtropical  and  arid  environments,  the  timing  and  extent  of  agriculture  may  be  limited  by  rainfall,  either  not  allowing  multiple  annual
__label__environmentmonitoring crops  in  a  year,  or  requiring  irrigation.  in  all  of  these  environments  perennial  crops  are  grown  coffee,  chocolate  and  systems  are  practiced  such  as  agroforestry.  in  temperate  environments,  where  ecosystems  were  predominantly  grassland  or  prairie,  highly  productive  annual  farming  is  the  dominant  agricultural  system.important  categories  of  food  crops  include  cereals,  legumes,  forage,  fruits  and  vegetables.  natural  fibers  include  cotton,  wool,  hemp,  silk  and  flax.  specific  crops  are  cultivated  in  distinct  growing  regions  throughout  the  world.  production  is  listed  in  millions  of  metric  tons,  based  on  fao  estimates.  livestock  production  systems  animal  husbandry  is  the  breeding  and  raising  of  animals  for
__label__environmentmonitoring meat,  milk,  eggs,  or  wool,  and  for  work  and  transport.  working  animals,  including  horses,  mules,  oxen,  water  buffalo,  camels,  llamas,  alpacas,  donkeys,  and  dogs,  have  for  centuries  been  used  to  help  cultivate  fields,  harvest  crops,  wrangle  other  animals,  and  transport  farm  products  to  buyers.livestock  production  systems  can  be  defined  based  on  feed  source,  as  grasslandbased,  mixed,  and  landless.  as  of  2010,  30  of  earths  ice  and  waterfree  area  was  used  for  producing  livestock,  with  the  sector  employing  approximately  1.3  billion  people.  between  the  1960s  and  the  2000s,  there  was  a  significant  increase  in  livestock  production,  both  by  numbers  and  by
__label__environmentmonitoring carcass  weight,  especially  among  beef,  pigs  and  chickens,  the  latter  of  which  had  production  increased  by  almost  a  factor  of  10.  nonmeat  animals,  such  as  milk  cows  and  eggproducing  chickens,  also  showed  significant  production  increases.  global  cattle,  sheep  and  goat  populations  are  expected  to  continue  to  increase  sharply  through  2050.  aquaculture  or  fish  farming,  the  production  of  fish  for  human  consumption  in  confined  operations,  is  one  of  the  fastest  growing  sectors  of  food  production,  growing  at  an  average  of  9  a  year  between  1975  and  2007.during  the  second  half  of  the  20th  century,  producers  using  selective  breeding  focused  on  creating
__label__environmentmonitoring livestock  breeds  and  crossbreeds  that  increased  production,  while  mostly  disregarding  the  need  to  preserve  genetic  diversity.  this  trend  has  led  to  a  significant  decrease  in  genetic  diversity  and  resources  among  livestock  breeds,  leading  to  a  corresponding  decrease  in  disease  resistance  and  local  adaptations  previously  found  among  traditional  breeds.grassland  based  livestock  production  relies  upon  plant  material  such  as  shrubland,  rangeland,  and  pastures  for  feeding  ruminant  animals.  outside  nutrient  inputs  may  be  used,  however  manure  is  returned  directly  to  the  grassland  as  a  major  nutrient  source.  this  system  is  particularly  important  in  areas  where  crop  production  is  not  feasible  because  of  climate
__label__environmentmonitoring or  soil,  representing  3040  million  pastoralists.  mixed  production  systems  use  grassland,  fodder  crops  and  grain  feed  crops  as  feed  for  ruminant  and  monogastric  one  stomach;  mainly  chickens  and  pigs  livestock.  manure  is  typically  recycled  in  mixed  systems  as  a  fertilizer  for  crops.landless  systems  rely  upon  feed  from  outside  the  farm,  representing  the  delinking  of  crop  and  livestock  production  found  more  prevalently  in  organisation  for  economic  cooperation  and  development  member  countries.  synthetic  fertilizers  are  more  heavily  relied  upon  for  crop  production  and  manure  utilization  becomes  a  challenge  as  well  as  a  source  for  pollution.  industrialized  countries  use  these  operations  to  produce
__label__environmentmonitoring much  of  the  global  supplies  of  poultry  and  pork.  scientists  estimate  that  75  of  the  growth  in  livestock  production  between  2003  and  2030  will  be  in  confined  animal  feeding  operations,  sometimes  called  factory  farming.  much  of  this  growth  is  happening  in  developing  countries  in  asia,  with  much  smaller  amounts  of  growth  in  africa.  some  of  the  practices  used  in  commercial  livestock  production,  including  the  usage  of  growth  hormones,  are  controversial.  production  practices  tillage  is  the  practice  of  breaking  up  the  soil  with  tools  such  as  the  plow  or  harrow  to  prepare  for  planting,  for  nutrient  incorporation,  or  for  pest  control.
__label__environmentmonitoring tillage  varies  in  intensity  from  conventional  to  notill.  it  may  improve  productivity  by  warming  the  soil,  incorporating  fertilizer  and  controlling  weeds,  but  also  renders  soil  more  prone  to  erosion,  triggers  the  decomposition  of  organic  matter  releasing  co2,  and  reduces  the  abundance  and  diversity  of  soil  organisms.pest  control  includes  the  management  of  weeds,  insects,  mites,  and  diseases.  chemical  pesticides,  biological  biocontrol,  mechanical  tillage,  and  cultural  practices  are  used.  cultural  practices  include  crop  rotation,  culling,  cover  crops,  intercropping,  composting,  avoidance,  and  resistance.  integrated  pest  management  attempts  to  use  all  of  these  methods  to  keep  pest  populations  below  the  number  which  would  cause
__label__environmentmonitoring economic  loss,  and  recommends  pesticides  as  a  last  resort.nutrient  management  includes  both  the  source  of  nutrient  inputs  for  crop  and  livestock  production,  and  the  method  of  utilization  of  manure  produced  by  livestock.  nutrient  inputs  can  be  chemical  inorganic  fertilizers,  manure,  green  manure,  compost  and  minerals.  crop  nutrient  use  may  also  be  managed  using  cultural  techniques  such  as  crop  rotation  or  a  fallow  period.  manure  is  used  either  by  holding  livestock  where  the  feed  crop  is  growing,  such  as  in  managed  intensive  rotational  grazing,  or  by  spreading  either  dry  or  liquid  formulations  of  manure  on  cropland  or  pastures.water  management  is  needed
__label__environmentmonitoring where  rainfall  is  insufficient  or  variable,  which  occurs  to  some  degree  in  most  regions  of  the  world.  some  farmers  use  irrigation  to  supplement  rainfall.  in  other  areas  such  as  the  great  plains  in  the  u.s.  and  canada,  farmers  use  a  fallow  year  to  conserve  soil  moisture  to  use  for  growing  a  crop  in  the  following  year.  agriculture  represents  70  of  freshwater  use  worldwide.according  to  a  report  by  the  international  food  policy  research  institute,  agricultural  technologies  will  have  the  greatest  impact  on  food  production  if  adopted  in  combination  with  each  other;  using  a  model  that  assessed  how  eleven  technologies  could  impact
__label__environmentmonitoring agricultural  productivity,  food  security  and  trade  by  2050,  the  international  food  policy  research  institute  found  that  the  number  of  people  at  risk  from  hunger  could  be  reduced  by  as  much  as  40  and  food  prices  could  be  reduced  by  almost  half.payment  for  ecosystem  services  is  a  method  of  providing  additional  incentives  to  encourage  farmers  to  conserve  some  aspects  of  the  environment.  measures  might  include  paying  for  reforestation  upstream  of  a  city,  to  improve  the  supply  of  fresh  water.  crop  alteration  and  biotechnology  plant  breeding  crop  alteration  has  been  practiced  by  humankind  for  thousands  of  years,  since  the  beginning  of  civilization.
__label__environmentmonitoring altering  crops  through  breeding  practices  changes  the  genetic  makeup  of  a  plant  to  develop  crops  with  more  beneficial  characteristics  for  humans,  for  example,  larger  fruits  or  seeds,  droughttolerance,  or  resistance  to  pests.  significant  advances  in  plant  breeding  ensued  after  the  work  of  geneticist  gregor  mendel.  his  work  on  dominant  and  recessive  alleles,  although  initially  largely  ignored  for  almost  50  years,  gave  plant  breeders  a  better  understanding  of  genetics  and  breeding  techniques.  crop  breeding  includes  techniques  such  as  plant  selection  with  desirable  traits,  selfpollination  and  crosspollination,  and  molecular  techniques  that  genetically  modify  the  organism.domestication  of  plants  has,  over  the  centuries  increased
__label__environmentmonitoring yield,  improved  disease  resistance  and  drought  tolerance,  eased  harvest  and  improved  the  taste  and  nutritional  value  of  crop  plants.  careful  selection  and  breeding  have  had  enormous  effects  on  the  characteristics  of  crop  plants.  plant  selection  and  breeding  in  the  1920s  and  1930s  improved  pasture  grasses  and  clover  in  new  zealand.  extensive  xray  and  ultraviolet  induced  mutagenesis  efforts  i.e.  primitive  genetic  engineering  during  the  1950s  produced  the  modern  commercial  varieties  of  grains  such  as  wheat,  corn  maize  and  barley.the  green  revolution  popularized  the  use  of  conventional  hybridization  to  sharply  increase  yield  by  creating  highyielding  varieties.  for  example,  average  yields  of  corn
__label__environmentmonitoring maize  in  the  us  have  increased  from  around  2.5  tons  per  hectare  t/ha  40  bushels  per  acre  in  1900  to  about  9.4  t/ha  150  bushels  per  acre  in  2001.  similarly,  worldwide  average  wheat  yields  have  increased  from  less  than  1  t/ha  in  1900  to  more  than  2.5  t/ha  in  1990.  south  american  average  wheat  yields  are  around  2  t/ha,  african  under  1  t/ha,  and  egypt  and  arabia  up  to  3.5  to  4  t/ha  with  irrigation.  in  contrast,  the  average  wheat  yield  in  countries  such  as  france  is  over  8  t/ha.  variations  in  yields  are  due  mainly  to  variation  in  climate,
__label__environmentmonitoring genetics,  and  the  level  of  intensive  farming  techniques  use  of  fertilizers,  chemical  pest  control,  growth  control  to  avoid  lodging.  genetic  engineering  genetically  modified  organisms  gmo  are  organisms  whose  genetic  material  has  been  altered  by  genetic  engineering  techniques  generally  known  as  recombinant  dna  technology.  genetic  engineering  has  expanded  the  genes  available  to  breeders  to  utilize  in  creating  desired  germlines  for  new  crops.  increased  durability,  nutritional  content,  insect  and  virus  resistance  and  herbicide  tolerance  are  a  few  of  the  attributes  bred  into  crops  through  genetic  engineering.  for  some,  gmo  crops  cause  food  safety  and  food  labeling  concerns.  numerous  countries  have  placed  restrictions
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  production,  import  or  use  of  gmo  foods  and  crops.  currently  a  global  treaty,  the  biosafety  protocol,  regulates  the  trade  of  gmos.  there  is  ongoing  discussion  regarding  the  labeling  of  foods  made  from  gmos,  and  while  the  eu  currently  requires  all  gmo  foods  to  be  labeled,  the  us  does  not.herbicideresistant  seed  has  a  gene  implanted  into  its  genome  that  allows  the  plants  to  tolerate  exposure  to  herbicides,  including  glyphosate.  these  seeds  allow  the  farmer  to  grow  a  crop  that  can  be  sprayed  with  herbicides  to  control  weeds  without  harming  the  resistant  crop.  herbicidetolerant  crops  are  used  by  farmers  worldwide.
__label__environmentmonitoring with  the  increasing  use  of  herbicidetolerant  crops,  comes  an  increase  in  the  use  of  glyphosatebased  herbicide  sprays.  in  some  areas  glyphosate  resistant  weeds  have  developed,  causing  farmers  to  switch  to  other  herbicides.  some  studies  also  link  widespread  glyphosate  usage  to  iron  deficiencies  in  some  crops,  which  is  both  a  crop  production  and  a  nutritional  quality  concern,  with  potential  economic  and  health  implications.other  gmo  crops  used  by  growers  include  insectresistant  crops,  which  have  a  gene  from  the  soil  bacterium  bacillus  thuringiensis  bt,  which  produces  a  toxin  specific  to  insects.  these  crops  resist  damage  by  insects.  some  believe  that  similar  or  better
__label__environmentmonitoring pestresistance  traits  can  be  acquired  through  traditional  breeding  practices,  and  resistance  to  various  pests  can  be  gained  through  hybridization  or  crosspollination  with  wild  species.  in  some  cases,  wild  species  are  the  primary  source  of  resistance  traits;  some  tomato  cultivars  that  have  gained  resistance  to  at  least  19  diseases  did  so  through  crossing  with  wild  populations  of  tomatoes.  environmental  impact  effects  and  costs  agriculture  imposes  multiple  external  costs  upon  society  through  effects  such  as  pesticide  damage  to  nature  especially  herbicides  and  insecticides,  nutrient  runoff,  excessive  water  usage,  and  loss  of  natural  environment.  a  2000  assessment  of  agriculture  in  the  uk  determined
__label__environmentmonitoring total  external  costs  for  1996  of  2,343  million,  or  208  per  hectare.  a  2005  analysis  of  these  costs  in  the  us  concluded  that  cropland  imposes  approximately  5  to  16  billion  30  to  96  per  hectare,  while  livestock  production  imposes  714  million.  both  studies,  which  focused  solely  on  the  fiscal  impacts,  concluded  that  more  should  be  done  to  internalize  external  costs.  neither  included  subsidies  in  their  analysis,  but  they  noted  that  subsidies  also  influence  the  cost  of  agriculture  to  society.agriculture  seeks  to  increase  yield  and  to  reduce  costs.  yield  increases  with  inputs  such  as  fertilisers  and  removal  of  pathogens,  predators,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring competitors  such  as  weeds.  costs  decrease  with  increasing  scale  of  farm  units,  such  as  making  fields  larger;  this  means  removing  hedges,  ditches  and  other  areas  of  habitat.  pesticides  kill  insects,  plants  and  fungi.  these  and  other  measures  have  cut  biodiversity  to  very  low  levels  on  intensively  farmed  land.in  2010,  the  international  resource  panel  of  the  united  nations  environment  programme  assessed  the  environmental  impacts  of  consumption  and  production.  it  found  that  agriculture  and  food  consumption  are  two  of  the  most  important  drivers  of  environmental  pressures,  particularly  habitat  change,  climate  change,  water  use  and  toxic  emissions.  agriculture  is  the  main  source  of
__label__environmentmonitoring toxins  released  into  the  environment,  including  insecticides,  especially  those  used  on  cotton.  the  2011  unep  green  economy  report  states  that  aagricultural  operations,  excluding  land  use  changes,  produce  approximately  13  per  cent  of  anthropogenic  global  ghg  emissions.  this  includes  ghgs  emitted  by  the  use  of  inorganic  fertilizers  agrochemical  pesticides  and  herbicides;  ghg  emissions  resulting  from  production  of  these  inputs  are  included  in  industrial  emissions;  and  fossil  fuelenergy  inputs.  on  average  we  find  that  the  total  amount  of  fresh  residues  from  agricultural  and  forestry  production  for  second  generation  biofuel  production  amounts  to  3.8  billion  tonnes  per  year  between  2011  and  2050  with
__label__environmentmonitoring an  average  annual  growth  rate  of  11  per  cent  throughout  the  period  analysed,  accounting  for  higher  growth  during  early  years,  48  per  cent  for  20112020  and  an  average  2  per  cent  annual  expansion  after  2020.  livestock  issues  a  senior  un  official,  henning  steinfeld,  said  that  livestock  are  one  of  the  most  significant  contributors  to  todays  most  serious  environmental  problems.  livestock  production  occupies  70  of  all  land  used  for  agriculture,  or  30  of  the  land  surface  of  the  planet.  it  is  one  of  the  largest  sources  of  greenhouse  gases,  responsible  for  18  of  the  worlds  greenhouse  gas  emissions  as  measured  in
__label__environmentmonitoring co2  equivalents.  by  comparison,  all  transportation  emits  13.5  of  the  co2.  it  produces  65  of  humanrelated  nitrous  oxide  which  has  296  times  the  global  warming  potential  of  co2,  and  37  of  all  humaninduced  methane  which  is  23  times  as  warming  as  co2.  it  also  generates  64  of  the  ammonia  emission.  livestock  expansion  is  cited  as  a  key  factor  driving  deforestation;  in  the  amazon  basin  70  of  previously  forested  area  is  now  occupied  by  pastures  and  the  remainder  used  for  feedcrops.  through  deforestation  and  land  degradation,  livestock  is  also  driving  reductions  in  biodiversity.  furthermore,  the  unep  states  that  methane  emissions  from
__label__environmentmonitoring global  livestock  are  projected  to  increase  by  60  per  cent  by  2030  under  current  practices  and  consumption  patterns.  land  and  water  issues  land  transformation,  the  use  of  land  to  yield  goods  and  services,  is  the  most  substantial  way  humans  alter  the  earths  ecosystems,  and  is  considered  the  driving  force  in  the  loss  of  biodiversity.  estimates  of  the  amount  of  land  transformed  by  humans  vary  from  39  to  50.  land  degradation,  the  longterm  decline  in  ecosystem  function  and  productivity,  is  estimated  to  be  occurring  on  24  of  land  worldwide,  with  cropland  overrepresented.  the  unfao  report  cites  land  management  as  the  driving
__label__environmentmonitoring factor  behind  degradation  and  reports  that  1.5  billion  people  rely  upon  the  degrading  land.  degradation  can  be  deforestation,  desertification,  soil  erosion,  mineral  depletion,  or  chemical  degradation  acidification  and  salinization.eutrophication,  excessive  nutrients  in  aquatic  ecosystems  resulting  in  algal  bloom  and  anoxia,  leads  to  fish  kills,  loss  of  biodiversity,  and  renders  water  unfit  for  drinking  and  other  industrial  uses.  excessive  fertilization  and  manure  application  to  cropland,  as  well  as  high  livestock  stocking  densities  cause  nutrient  mainly  nitrogen  and  phosphorus  runoff  and  leaching  from  agricultural  land.  these  nutrients  are  major  nonpoint  pollutants  contributing  to  eutrophication  of  aquatic  ecosystems  and  pollution  of  groundwater,  with
__label__environmentmonitoring harmful  effects  on  human  populations.  fertilisers  also  reduce  terrestrial  biodiversity  by  increasing  competition  for  light,  favouring  those  species  that  are  able  to  benefit  from  the  added  nutrients.agriculture  accounts  for  70  percent  of  withdrawals  of  freshwater  resources.  agriculture  is  a  major  draw  on  water  from  aquifers,  and  currently  draws  from  those  underground  water  sources  at  an  unsustainable  rate.  it  is  long  known  that  aquifers  in  areas  as  diverse  as  northern  china,  the  upper  ganges  and  the  western  us  are  being  depleted,  and  new  research  extends  these  problems  to  aquifers  in  iran,  mexico  and  saudi  arabia.  increasing  pressure  is  being  placed  on
__label__environmentmonitoring water  resources  by  industry  and  urban  areas,  meaning  that  water  scarcity  is  increasing  and  agriculture  is  facing  the  challenge  of  producing  more  food  for  the  worlds  growing  population  with  reduced  water  resources.  agricultural  water  usage  can  also  cause  major  environmental  problems,  including  the  destruction  of  natural  wetlands,  the  spread  of  waterborne  diseases,  and  land  degradation  through  salinization  and  waterlogging,  when  irrigation  is  performed  incorrectly.  pesticides  pesticide  use  has  increased  since  1950  to  2.5  million  short  tons  annually  worldwide,  yet  crop  loss  from  pests  has  remained  relatively  constant.  the  world  health  organization  estimated  in  1992  that  three  million  pesticide  poisonings  occur
__label__environmentmonitoring annually,  causing  220,000  deaths.  pesticides  select  for  pesticide  resistance  in  the  pest  population,  leading  to  a  condition  termed  the  pesticide  treadmill  in  which  pest  resistance  warrants  the  development  of  a  new  pesticide.an  alternative  argument  is  that  the  way  to  save  the  environment  and  prevent  famine  is  by  using  pesticides  and  intensive  high  yield  farming,  a  view  exemplified  by  a  quote  heading  the  center  for  global  food  issues  website:  growing  more  per  acre  leaves  more  land  for  nature.  however,  critics  argue  that  a  tradeoff  between  the  environment  and  a  need  for  food  is  not  inevitable,  and  that  pesticides  simply  replace  good
__label__environmentmonitoring agronomic  practices  such  as  crop  rotation.  the  pushpull  agricultural  pest  management  technique  involves  intercropping,  using  plant  aromas  to  repel  pests  from  crops  push  and  to  lure  them  to  a  place  from  which  they  can  then  be  removed  pull.  global  warming  global  warming  and  agriculture  are  interrelated  on  a  global  scale.  global  warming  affects  agriculture  through  changes  in  average  temperatures,  rainfall,  and  weather  extremes  like  storms  and  heat  waves;  changes  in  pests  and  diseases;  changes  in  atmospheric  carbon  dioxide  and  groundlevel  ozone  concentrations;  changes  in  the  nutritional  quality  of  some  foods;  and  changes  in  sea  level.  global  warming  is  already  affecting
__label__environmentmonitoring agriculture,  with  effects  unevenly  distributed  across  the  world.  future  climate  change  will  probably  negatively  affect  crop  production  in  low  latitude  countries,  while  effects  in  northern  latitudes  may  be  positive  or  negative.  global  warming  will  probably  increase  the  risk  of  food  insecurity  for  some  vulnerable  groups,  such  as  the  poor.animal  husbandry  is  also  responsible  for  greenhouse  gas  production  of  co2  and  a  percentage  of  the  worlds  methane,  and  future  land  infertility,  and  the  displacement  of  wildlife.  agriculture  contributes  to  climate  change  by  anthropogenic  emissions  of  greenhouse  gases,  and  by  the  conversion  of  nonagricultural  land  such  as  forest  for  agricultural  use.  agriculture,
__label__environmentmonitoring forestry  and  landuse  change  contributed  around  20  to  25  to  global  annual  emissions  in  2010.  a  range  of  policies  can  reduce  the  risk  of  negative  climate  change  impacts  on  agriculture,  and  greenhouse  gas  emissions  from  the  agriculture  sector.  sustainability  current  farming  methods  have  resulted  in  overstretched  water  resources,  high  levels  of  erosion  and  reduced  soil  fertility.  there  is  not  enough  water  to  continue  farming  using  current  practices;  therefore  how  critical  water,  land,  and  ecosystem  resources  are  used  to  boost  crop  yields  must  be  reconsidered.  a  solution  would  be  to  give  value  to  ecosystems,  recognizing  environmental  and  livelihood  tradeoffs,  and  balancing
__label__environmentmonitoring the  rights  of  a  variety  of  users  and  interests.  inequities  that  result  when  such  measures  are  adopted  would  need  to  be  addressed,  such  as  the  reallocation  of  water  from  poor  to  rich,  the  clearing  of  land  to  make  way  for  more  productive  farmland,  or  the  preservation  of  a  wetland  system  that  limits  fishing  rights.technological  advancements  help  provide  farmers  with  tools  and  resources  to  make  farming  more  sustainable.  technology  permits  innovations  like  conservation  tillage,  a  farming  process  which  helps  prevent  land  loss  to  erosion,  reduces  water  pollution,  and  enhances  carbon  sequestration.according  to  a  report  by  the  international  food  policy  research  institute
__label__environmentmonitoring ifpri,  agricultural  technologies  will  have  the  greatest  impact  on  food  production  if  adopted  in  combination  with  each  other;  using  a  model  that  assessed  how  eleven  technologies  could  impact  agricultural  productivity,  food  security  and  trade  by  2050,  ifpri  found  that  the  number  of  people  at  risk  from  hunger  could  be  reduced  by  as  much  as  40  and  food  prices  could  be  reduced  by  almost  half.  the  caloric  demand  of  earths  projected  population,  with  current  climate  change  predictions,  can  be  satisfied  by  additional  improvement  of  agricultural  methods,  expansion  of  agricultural  areas,  and  a  sustainabilityoriented  consumer  mindset.  energy  dependence  since  the  1940s,  agricultural
__label__environmentmonitoring productivity  has  increased  dramatically,  due  largely  to  the  increased  use  of  energyintensive  mechanization,  fertilizers  and  pesticides.  the  vast  majority  of  this  energy  input  comes  from  fossil  fuel  sources.  between  the  1960s  and  the  1980s,  the  green  revolution  transformed  agriculture  around  the  globe,  with  world  grain  production  increasing  significantly  between  70  and  390  for  wheat  and  60  to  150  for  rice,  depending  on  geographic  area  as  world  population  doubled.  heavy  reliance  on  petrochemicals  has  raised  concerns  that  oil  shortages  could  increase  costs  and  reduce  agricultural  output.industrialized  agriculture  depends  on  fossil  fuels  in  two  fundamental  ways:  direct  consumption  on  the  farm  and
__label__environmentmonitoring manufacture  of  inputs  used  on  the  farm.  direct  consumption  includes  the  use  of  lubricants  and  fuels  to  operate  farm  vehicles  and  machinery.indirect  consumption  includes  the  manufacture  of  fertilizers,  pesticides,  and  farm  machinery.  in  particular,  the  production  of  nitrogen  fertilizer  can  account  for  over  half  of  agricultural  energy  usage.  together,  direct  and  indirect  consumption  by  us  farms  accounts  for  about  2  of  the  nations  energy  use.  direct  and  indirect  energy  consumption  by  u.s.  farms  peaked  in  1979,  and  has  since  gradually  declined.  food  systems  encompass  not  just  agriculture  but  offfarm  processing,  packaging,  transporting,  marketing,  consumption,  and  disposal  of  food  and  foodrelated
__label__environmentmonitoring items.  agriculture  accounts  for  less  than  onefifth  of  food  system  energy  use  in  the  us.  disciplines  agricultural  economics  agricultural  economics  is  economics  as  it  relates  to  the  production,  distribution  and  consumption  of  agricultural  goods  and  services.  combining  agricultural  production  with  general  theories  of  marketing  and  business  as  a  discipline  of  study  began  in  the  late  1800s,  and  grew  significantly  through  the  20th  century.  although  the  study  of  agricultural  economics  is  relatively  recent,  major  trends  in  agriculture  have  significantly  affected  national  and  international  economies  throughout  history,  ranging  from  tenant  farmers  and  sharecropping  in  the  postamerican  civil  war  southern  united  states  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  european  feudal  system  of  manorialism.  in  the  united  states,  and  elsewhere,  food  costs  attributed  to  food  processing,  distribution,  and  agricultural  marketing,  sometimes  referred  to  as  the  value  chain,  have  risen  while  the  costs  attributed  to  farming  have  declined.  this  is  related  to  the  greater  efficiency  of  farming,  combined  with  the  increased  level  of  value  addition  e.g.  more  highly  processed  products  provided  by  the  supply  chain.  market  concentration  has  increased  in  the  sector  as  well,  and  although  the  total  effect  of  the  increased  market  concentration  is  likely  increased  efficiency,  the  changes  redistribute  economic  surplus  from  producers  farmers  and  consumers,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring may  have  negative  implications  for  rural  communities.national  government  policies  can  significantly  change  the  economic  marketplace  for  agricultural  products,  in  the  form  of  taxation,  subsidies,  tariffs  and  other  measures.  since  at  least  the  1960s,  a  combination  of  trade  restrictions,  exchange  rate  policies  and  subsidies  have  affected  farmers  in  both  the  developing  and  the  developed  world.  in  the  1980s,  nonsubsidized  farmers  in  developing  countries  experienced  adverse  effects  from  national  policies  that  created  artificially  low  global  prices  for  farm  products.  between  the  mid1980s  and  the  early  2000s,  several  international  agreements  limited  agricultural  tariffs,  subsidies  and  other  trade  restrictions.however,  as  of  2009,  there  was
__label__environmentmonitoring still  a  significant  amount  of  policydriven  distortion  in  global  agricultural  product  prices.  the  three  agricultural  products  with  the  greatest  amount  of  trade  distortion  were  sugar,  milk  and  rice,  mainly  due  to  taxation.  among  the  oilseeds,  sesame  had  the  greatest  amount  of  taxation,  but  overall,  feed  grains  and  oilseeds  had  much  lower  levels  of  taxation  than  livestock  products.  since  the  1980s,  policydriven  distortions  have  seen  a  greater  decrease  among  livestock  products  than  crops  during  the  worldwide  reforms  in  agricultural  policy.  despite  this  progress,  certain  crops,  such  as  cotton,  still  see  subsidies  in  developed  countries  artificially  deflating  global  prices,  causing  hardship  in
__label__environmentmonitoring developing  countries  with  nonsubsidized  farmers.  unprocessed  commodities  such  as  corn,  soybeans,  and  cattle  are  generally  graded  to  indicate  quality,  affecting  the  price  the  producer  receives.  commodities  are  generally  reported  by  production  quantities,  such  as  volume,  number  or  weight.  agricultural  science  agricultural  science  is  a  broad  multidisciplinary  field  of  biology  that  encompasses  the  parts  of  exact,  natural,  economic  and  social  sciences  used  in  the  practice  and  understanding  of  agriculture.  it  covers  topics  such  as  agronomy,  plant  breeding  and  genetics,  plant  pathology,  crop  modelling,  soil  science,  entomology,  production  techniques  and  improvement,  study  of  pests  and  their  management,  and  study  of  adverse  environmental
__label__environmentmonitoring effects  such  as  soil  degradation,  waste  management,  and  bioremediation.the  scientific  study  of  agriculture  began  in  the  18th  century,  when  johann  friedrich  mayer  conducted  experiments  on  the  use  of  gypsum  hydrated  calcium  sulphate  as  a  fertilizer.  research  became  more  systematic  when  in  1843,  john  lawes  and  henry  gilbert  began  a  set  of  longterm  agronomy  field  experiments  at  rothamsted  research  station  in  england;  some  of  them,  such  as  the  park  grass  experiment,  are  still  running.  in  america,  the  hatch  act  of  1887  provided  funding  for  what  it  was  the  first  to  call  agricultural  science,  driven  by  farmers  interest  in  fertilizers.  in  agricultural
__label__environmentmonitoring entomology,  the  usda  began  to  research  biological  control  in  1881;  it  instituted  its  first  large  program  in  1905,  searching  europe  and  japan  for  natural  enemies  of  the  gypsy  moth  and  browntail  moth,  establishing  parasitoids  such  as  solitary  wasps  and  predators  of  both  pests  in  the  usa.  policy  agricultural  policy  is  the  set  of  government  decisions  and  actions  relating  to  domestic  agriculture  and  imports  of  foreign  agricultural  products.  governments  usually  implement  agricultural  policies  with  the  goal  of  achieving  a  specific  outcome  in  the  domestic  agricultural  product  markets.  some  overarching  themes  include  risk  management  and  adjustment  including  policies  related  to  climate  change,
__label__environmentmonitoring food  safety  and  natural  disasters,  economic  stability  including  policies  related  to  taxes,  natural  resources  and  environmental  sustainability  especially  water  policy,  research  and  development,  and  market  access  for  domestic  commodities  including  relations  with  global  organizations  and  agreements  with  other  countries.  agricultural  policy  can  also  touch  on  food  quality,  ensuring  that  the  food  supply  is  of  a  consistent  and  known  quality,  food  security,  ensuring  that  the  food  supply  meets  the  populations  needs,  and  conservation.  policy  programs  can  range  from  financial  programs,  such  as  subsidies,  to  encouraging  producers  to  enroll  in  voluntary  quality  assurance  programs.there  are  many  influences  on  the  creation  of  agricultural
__label__environmentmonitoring policy,  including  consumers,  agribusiness,  trade  lobbies  and  other  groups.  agribusiness  interests  hold  a  large  amount  of  influence  over  policy  making,  in  the  form  of  lobbying  and  campaign  contributions.  political  action  groups,  including  those  interested  in  environmental  issues  and  labor  unions,  also  provide  influence,  as  do  lobbying  organizations  representing  individual  agricultural  commodities.  the  food  and  agriculture  organization  of  the  united  nations  fao  leads  international  efforts  to  defeat  hunger  and  provides  a  forum  for  the  negotiation  of  global  agricultural  regulations  and  agreements.  dr.  samuel  jutzi,  director  of  faos  animal  production  and  health  division,  states  that  lobbying  by  large  corporations  has  stopped  reforms
__label__environmentmonitoring that  would  improve  human  health  and  the  environment.  for  example,  proposals  in  2010  for  a  voluntary  code  of  conduct  for  the  livestock  industry  that  would  have  provided  incentives  for  improving  standards  for  health,  and  environmental  regulations,  such  as  the  number  of  animals  an  area  of  land  can  support  without  longterm  damage,  were  successfully  defeated  due  to  large  food  company  pressure.  see  also  references  cited  sources  acquaah,  george  2002.  principles  of  crop  production:  theory,  techniques,  and  technology.  prentice  hall.  isbn  9780130221339.chrispeels,  maarten  j.  and  sadava,  david  e.  1994.  plants,  genes,  and  agriculture.  boston,  massachusetts:  jones  and  bartlett.  isbn  9780867208719.cs1  maint:  multiple
__label__environmentmonitoring names:  authors  list  linkneedham,  joseph  1986.  science  and  civilization  in  china.  taipei:  caves  books.  external  links  food  and  agriculture  organizationunited  states  department  of  agricultureagriculture  material  from  the  world  bank  groupagriculture  collected  news  and  commentary.  the  new  york  times.agriculture  collected  news  and  commentary.  the  guardian.
__label__environmentmonitoring intensive  agriculture,  also  known  as  intensive  farming  as  opposed  to  extensive  farming,  is  a  type  of  agriculture,  both  of  crop  plants  and  of  animals,  with  higher  levels  of  input  and  output  per  cubic  unit  of  agricultural  land  area.  it  is  characterized  by  a  low  fallow  ratio,  higher  use  of  inputs  such  as  capital  and  labour,  and  higher  crop  yields  per  unit  land  area.most  commercial  agriculture  is  intensive  in  one  or  more  ways.  forms  that  rely  heavily  on  industrial  methods  are  often  called  industrial  agriculture,  which  is  characterised  by  innovations  designed  to  increase  yield.  techniques  include  planting  multiple  crops  per  year,
__label__environmentmonitoring reducing  the  frequency  of  fallow  years,  and  improving  cultivars.  it  also  involves  increased  use  of  fertilizers,  plant  growth  regulators,  and  pesticides  and  mechanised  agriculture,  controlled  by  increased  and  more  detailed  analysis  of  growing  conditions,  including  weather,  soil,  water,  weeds,  and  pests.  this  system  is  supported  by  ongoing  innovation  in  agricultural  machinery  and  farming  methods,  genetic  technology,  techniques  for  achieving  economies  of  scale,  logistics,  and  data  collection  and  analysis  technology.  intensive  farms  are  widespread  in  developed  nations  and  increasingly  prevalent  worldwide.  most  of  the  meat,  dairy  products,  eggs,  fruits,  and  vegetables  available  in  supermarkets  are  produced  by  such  farms.some  intensive  farms
__label__environmentmonitoring can  use  sustainable  methods,  although  this  may  necessitate  higher  inputs  of  labor  or  lower  yields.intensive  animal  farming  involves  large  numbers  of  animals  raised  on  limited  land,  for  example  by  rotational  grazing,  or  in  the  western  world  sometimes  as  concentrated  animal  feeding  operations.  these  methods  increase  the  yields  of  food  and  fiber  per  acre  as  compared  to  extensive  animal  husbandry;  concentrated  feed  is  brought  to  seldommoved  animals,  or  with  rotational  grazing  the  animals  are  repeatedly  moved  to  fresh  forage.  history  paddybased  ricefarming  has  been  practised  in  korea  since  ancient  times.  a  pithouse  at  the  daecheonni  archaeological  site  yielded  carbonized  rice  grains
__label__environmentmonitoring and  radiocarbon  dates  indicating  that  rice  cultivation  may  have  begun  as  early  as  the  middle  jeulmun  pottery  period  c.  35002000  bc  in  the  korean  peninsula.  the  earliest  rice  cultivation  there  may  have  used  dryfields  instead  of  paddies.agricultural  development  in  britain  between  the  16th  century  and  the  mid19th  century  saw  a  massive  increase  in  agricultural  productivity  and  net  output.  this  in  turn  contributed  to  unprecedented  population  growth,  freeing  up  a  significant  percentage  of  the  workforce,  and  thereby  helped  enable  the  industrial  revolution.  historians  cited  enclosure,  mechanization,  fourfield  crop  rotation,  and  selective  breeding  as  the  most  important  innovations.industrial  agriculture  arose  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring industrial  revolution.  by  the  early  19th  century,  agricultural  techniques,  implements,  seed  stocks,  and  cultivars  had  so  improved  that  yield  per  land  unit  was  many  times  that  seen  in  the  middle  ages.the  industrialization  phase  involved  a  continuing  process  of  mechanization.  horsedrawn  machinery  such  as  the  mccormick  reaper  revolutionized  harvesting,  while  inventions  such  as  the  cotton  gin  reduced  the  cost  of  processing.  during  this  same  period,  farmers  began  to  use  steampowered  threshers  and  tractors.  in  1892,  the  first  gasolinepowered  tractor  was  successfully  developed,  and  in  1923,  the  international  harvester  farmall  tractor  became  the  first  allpurpose  tractor,  marking  an  inflection  point  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring replacement  of  draft  animals  with  machines.  mechanical  harvesters  combines,  planters,  transplanters,  and  other  equipment  were  then  developed,  further  revolutionizing  agriculture.  these  inventions  increased  yields  and  allowed  individual  farmers  to  manage  increasingly  large  farms.the  identification  of  nitrogen,  phosphorus,  and  potassium  npk  as  critical  factors  in  plant  growth  led  to  the  manufacture  of  synthetic  fertilizers,  further  increasing  crop  yields.  in  1909,  the  haberbosch  method  to  synthesize  ammonium  nitrate  was  first  demonstrated.  npk  fertilizers  stimulated  the  first  concerns  about  industrial  agriculture,  due  to  concerns  that  they  came  with  side  effects  such  as  soil  compaction,  soil  erosion,  and  declines  in  overall  soil  fertility,  along
__label__environmentmonitoring with  health  concerns  about  toxic  chemicals  entering  the  food  supply.the  discovery  of  vitamins  and  their  role  in  nutrition,  in  the  first  two  decades  of  the  20th  century,  led  to  vitamin  supplements,  which  in  the  1920s  allowed  some  livestock  to  be  raised  indoors,  reducing  their  exposure  to  adverse  natural  elements.following  world  war  ii  synthetic  fertilizer  use  increased  rapidly.the  discovery  of  antibiotics  and  vaccines  facilitated  raising  livestock  by  reducing  diseases.  developments  in  logistics  and  refrigeration  as  well  as  processing  technology  made  longdistance  distribution  feasible.  integrated  pest  management  is  the  modern  method  to  minimize  pesticide  use  to  more  sustainable  levels.there  are  concerns  over
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sustainability  of  industrial  agriculture,  and  the  environmental  effects  of  fertilizers  and  pesticides,  which  has  given  rise  to  the  organic  movement  and  has  built  a  market  for  sustainable  intensive  farming,  as  well  as  funding  for  the  development  of  appropriate  technology.  techniques  and  technologies  livestock  pasture  intensification  pasture  intensification  is  the  improvement  of  pasture  soils  and  grasses  to  increase  the  food  production  potential  of  livestock  systems.  it  is  commonly  used  to  reverse  pasture  degradation,  a  process  characterized  by  loss  of  forage  and  decreased  animal  carrying  capacity  which  results  from  overgrazing,  poor  nutrient  management,  and  lack  of  soil  conservation.  this  degradation  leads
__label__environmentmonitoring to  poor  pasture  soils  with  decreased  fertility  and  water  availability  and  increased  rates  of  erosion,  compaction,  and  acidification.  degraded  pastures  have  significantly  lower  productivity  and  higher  carbon  footprints  compared  to  intensified  pastures.management  practices  which  improve  soil  health  and  consequently  grass  productivity  include  irrigation,  soil  scarification,  and  the  application  of  lime,  fertilizers,  and  pesticides.  depending  on  the  productivity  goals  of  the  target  agricultural  system,  more  involved  restoration  projects  can  be  undertaken  to  replace  invasive  and  underproductive  grasses  with  grass  species  that  are  better  suited  to  the  soil  and  climate  conditions  of  the  region.  these  intensified  grass  systems  allow  higher  stocking  rates
__label__environmentmonitoring with  faster  animal  weight  gain  and  reduced  time  to  slaughter,  resulting  in  more  productive,  carbonefficient  livestock  systems.another  technique  to  optimize  yield  while  maintaining  the  carbon  balance  is  the  use  of  integrated  croplivestock  icl  and  croplivestockforestry  iclf  systems,  which  combine  several  ecosystems  into  one  optimized  agricultural  framework.  these  synergies  between  these  systems  provide  benefits  to  pastures  through  optimal  plant  usage,  improved  feed  and  fattening  rates,  increased  soil  fertility  and  quality,  intensified  nutrient  cycling,  integrated  pest  control,  and  improved  biodiversity.  the  introduction  of  certain  legume  crops  to  pastures  increases  carbon  accumulation  and  nitrogen  fixation  in  soils,  while  their  digestibility  helps  animal  fattening
__label__environmentmonitoring and  reduces  methane  emissions  from  enteric  fermentation.  iclf  systems  yield  beef  cattle  productivity  up  to  ten  times  that  of  degraded  pastures,  additional  crop  production  from  maize,  sorghum,  and  soybean  harvests,  and  greatly  reduced  greenhouse  gas  balances  due  to  forest  carbon  sequestration.in  the  twelve  aprils  grazing  program  for  dairy  production,  developed  by  the  usdasare  forage  crops  for  dairy  herds  are  planted  into  a  perennial  pasture.  rotational  grazing  rotational  grazing  is  a  variety  of  foraging  in  which  herds  or  flocks  are  regularly  and  systematically  moved  to  fresh,  rested  grazing  areas  sometimes  called  paddocks  to  maximize  the  quality  and  quantity  of  forage  growth.
__label__environmentmonitoring it  can  be  used  with  cattle,  sheep,  goats,  pigs,  chickens,  turkeys,  ducks,  and  other  animals.  the  herds  graze  one  portion  of  pasture,  or  a  paddock,  while  allowing  the  others  to  recover.  resting  grazed  lands  allows  the  vegetation  to  renew  energy  reserves,  rebuild  shoot  systems,  and  deepen  root  systems,  resulting  in  longterm  maximum  biomass  production.  pasture  systems  alone  can  allow  grazers  to  meet  their  energy  requirements,  but  rotational  grazing  is  especially  effective  because  grazers  thrive  on  the  more  tender  younger  plant  stems.  parasites  are  also  left  behind  to  die  off,  minimizing  or  eliminating  the  need  for  dewormers.  with  the  increased  productivity
__label__environmentmonitoring of  rotational  systems,  the  animals  may  need  less  supplemental  feed  that  in  continuous  grazing  systems.  farmers  can  therefore  increase  stocking  rates.  concentrated  animal  feeding  operations  intensive  livestock  farming  or  factory  farming,  is  the  process  of  raising  livestock  in  confinement  at  high  stocking  density.  concentrated  animal  feeding  operations  cafo,  or  intensive  livestock  operations,  can  hold  large  numbers  some  up  to  hundreds  of  thousands  of  cows,  hogs,  turkeys,  or  chickens,  often  indoors.  the  essence  of  such  farms  is  the  concentration  of  livestock  in  a  given  space.  the  aim  is  to  provide  maximum  output  at  the  lowest  possible  cost  and  with  the  greatest
__label__environmentmonitoring level  of  food  safety.  the  term  is  often  used  pejoratively.  however,  cafos  have  dramatically  increased  the  production  of  food  from  animal  husbandry  worldwide,  both  in  terms  of  total  food  produced  and  efficiency.food  and  water  is  delivered  to  the  animals,  and  therapeutic  use  of  antimicrobial  agents,  vitamin  supplements,  and  growth  hormones  are  often  employed.  growth  hormones  are  not  used  on  chickens  nor  on  any  animal  in  the  european  union.  undesirable  behaviors  often  related  to  the  stress  of  confinement  led  to  a  search  for  docile  breeds  e.g.,  with  natural  dominant  behaviors  bred  out,  physical  restraints  to  stop  interaction,  such  as  individual  cages
__label__environmentmonitoring for  chickens,  or  physical  modification  such  as  the  debeaking  of  chickens  to  reduce  the  harm  of  fighting.the  cafo  designation  resulted  from  the  1972  u.s.  federal  clean  water  act,  which  was  enacted  to  protect  and  restore  lakes  and  rivers  to  a  fishable,  swimmable  quality.  the  united  states  environmental  protection  agency  identified  certain  animal  feeding  operations,  along  with  many  other  types  of  industry,  as  point  source  groundwater  polluters.  these  operations  were  subjected  to  regulation.in  17  states  in  the  u.s.,  isolated  cases  of  groundwater  contamination  were  linked  to  cafos.  for  example,  the  ten  million  hogs  in  north  carolina  generate  19  million  tons  of
__label__environmentmonitoring waste  per  year.  the  u.s.  federal  government  acknowledges  the  waste  disposal  issue  and  requires  that  animal  waste  be  stored  in  lagoons.  these  lagoons  can  be  as  large  as  7.5  acres  30,000  m2.  lagoons  not  protected  with  an  impermeable  liner  can  leak  into  groundwater  under  some  conditions,  as  can  runoff  from  manure  used  as  fertilizer.  a  lagoon  that  burst  in  1995  released  25  million  gallons  of  nitrous  sludge  in  north  carolinas  new  river.  the  spill  allegedly  killed  eight  to  ten  million  fish.the  large  concentration  of  animals,  animal  waste,  and  dead  animals  in  a  small  space  poses  ethical  issues  to  some  consumers.
__label__environmentmonitoring animal  rights  and  animal  welfare  activists  have  charged  that  intensive  animal  rearing  is  cruel  to  animals.  crops  the  green  revolution  transformed  farming  in  many  developing  countries.  it  spread  technologies  that  had  already  existed,  but  had  not  been  widely  used  outside  of  industrialized  nations.  these  technologies  included  miracle  seeds,  pesticides,  irrigation,  and  synthetic  nitrogen  fertilizer.  seeds  in  the  1970s,  scientists  created  highyelding  varieties  of  maize,  wheat,  and  rice.  these  have  an  increased  nitrogenabsorbing  potential  compared  to  other  varieties.  since  cereals  that  absorbed  extra  nitrogen  would  typically  lodge  fall  over  before  harvest,  semidwarfing  genes  were  bred  into  their  genomes.  norin  10  wheat,
__label__environmentmonitoring a  variety  developed  by  orville  vogel  from  japanese  dwarf  wheat  varieties,  was  instrumental  in  developing  wheat  cultivars.  ir8,  the  first  widely  implemented  highyielding  rice  to  be  developed  by  the  international  rice  research  institute,  was  created  through  a  cross  between  an  indonesian  variety  named  peta  and  a  chinese  variety  named  dee  geo  woo  gen.with  the  availability  of  molecular  genetics  in  arabidopsis  and  rice  the  mutant  genes  responsible  reduced  height  rht,  gibberellin  insensitive  gai1  and  slender  rice  slr1  have  been  cloned  and  identified  as  cellular  signalling  components  of  gibberellic  acid,  a  phytohormone  involved  in  regulating  stem  growth  via  its  effect  on  cell
__label__environmentmonitoring division.  photosynthetic  investment  in  the  stem  is  reduced  dramatically  as  the  shorter  plants  are  inherently  more  mechanically  stable.  nutrients  become  redirected  to  grain  production,  amplifying  in  particular  the  yield  effect  of  chemical  fertilizers.highyielding  varieties  significantly  outperform  traditional  strains  in  the  presence  of  adequate  irrigation,  pesticides,  and  fertilizers.  in  the  absence  of  these  inputs,  traditional  varieties  may  outperform  the  modern  ones.  highyielding  varieties  have  been  developed  as  f1  hybrids,  meaning  seeds  need  to  be  purchased  every  season,  thus  increasing  costs  to  farmers.  crop  rotation  crop  rotation  or  crop  sequencing  is  the  practice  of  growing  a  series  of  dissimilar  types  of  crops
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  same  space  in  sequential  seasons  for  benefits  such  as  avoiding  pathogen  and  pest  buildup  that  occurs  when  one  species  is  continuously  cropped.  crop  rotation  also  seeks  to  balance  the  nutrient  demands  of  various  crops  to  avoid  soil  nutrient  depletion.  a  traditional  component  of  crop  rotation  is  the  replenishment  of  nitrogen  through  the  use  of  legumes  and  green  manure  in  sequence  with  cereals  and  other  crops.  crop  rotation  can  also  improve  soil  structure  and  fertility  by  alternating  deeprooted  and  shallowrooted  plants.  a  related  technique  is  to  plant  multispecies  cover  crops  between  commercial  crops.  this  combines  the  advantages  of  intensive
__label__environmentmonitoring farming  with  continuous  cover  and  polyculture.  irrigation  crop  irrigation  accounts  for  70  of  the  worlds  fresh  water  use.  flood  irrigation,  the  oldest  and  most  common  type,  is  typically  unevenly  distributed,  as  parts  of  a  field  may  receive  excess  water  in  order  to  deliver  sufficient  quantities  to  other  parts.  overhead  irrigation,  using  centerpivot  or  lateralmoving  sprinklers,  gives  a  much  more  equal  and  controlled  distribution  pattern.  drip  irrigation  is  the  most  expensive  and  leastused  type,  but  delivers  water  to  plant  roots  with  minimal  losses.water  catchment  management  measures  include  recharge  pits,  which  capture  rainwater  and  runoff  and  use  it  to  recharge  groundwater  supplies.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  helps  in  the  replenishment  of  groundwater  wells  and  eventually  reduces  soil  erosion.  dammed  rivers  creating  reservoirs  store  water  for  irrigation  and  other  uses  over  large  areas.  smaller  areas  sometimes  use  irrigation  ponds  or  groundwater.  weed  control  in  agriculture,  systematic  weed  management  is  usually  required,  often  performed  by  machines  such  as  cultivators  or  liquid  herbicide  sprayers.  herbicides  kill  specific  targets  while  leaving  the  crop  relatively  unharmed.  some  of  these  act  by  interfering  with  the  growth  of  the  weed  and  are  often  based  on  plant  hormones.  weed  control  through  herbicide  is  made  more  difficult  when  the  weeds  become  resistant  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring herbicide.  solutions  include:cover  crops  especially  those  with  allelopathic  properties  that  outcompete  weeds  or  inhibit  their  regenerationmultiple  herbicides,  in  combination  or  in  rotationstrains  genetically  engineered  for  herbicide  tolerancelocally  adapted  strains  that  tolerate  or  outcompete  weedstillingground  cover  such  as  mulch  or  plasticmanual  removalmowinggrazingburning  terracing  in  agriculture,  a  terrace  is  a  leveled  section  of  a  hilly  cultivated  area,  designed  as  a  method  of  soil  conservation  to  slow  or  prevent  the  rapid  surface  runoff  of  irrigation  water.  often  such  land  is  formed  into  multiple  terraces,  giving  a  stepped  appearance.  the  human  landscapes  of  rice  cultivation  in  terraces  that  follow  the  natural  contours  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring escarpments,  like  contour  ploughing,  are  a  classic  feature  of  the  island  of  bali  and  the  banaue  rice  terraces  in  banaue,  ifugao,  philippines.  in  peru,  the  inca  made  use  of  otherwise  unusable  slopes  by  building  drystone  walls  to  create  terraces.  rice  paddies  a  paddy  field  is  a  flooded  parcel  of  arable  land  used  for  growing  rice  and  other  semiaquatic  crops.  paddy  fields  are  a  typical  feature  of  ricegrowing  countries  of  east  and  southeast  asia,  including  malaysia,  china,  sri  lanka,  myanmar,  thailand,  korea,  japan,  vietnam,  taiwan,  indonesia,  india,  and  the  philippines.  they  are  also  found  in  other  ricegrowing  regions  such  as  piedmont
__label__environmentmonitoring italy,  the  camargue  france,  and  the  artibonite  valley  haiti.  they  can  occur  naturally  along  rivers  or  marshes,  or  can  be  constructed,  even  on  hillsides.  they  require  large  water  quantities  for  irrigation,  much  of  it  from  flooding.  it  gives  an  environment  favourable  to  the  strain  of  rice  being  grown,  and  is  hostile  to  many  species  of  weeds.  as  the  only  draft  animal  species  which  is  comfortable  in  wetlands,  the  water  buffalo  is  in  widespread  use  in  asian  rice  paddies.a  recent  development  in  the  intensive  production  of  rice  is  the  system  of  rice  intensification.  developed  in  1983  by  the  french  jesuit  father
__label__environmentmonitoring henri  de  laulani  in  madagascar,  by  2013  the  number  of  smallholder  farmers  using  the  system  had  grown  to  between  4  and  5  million.  aquaculture  aquaculture  is  the  cultivation  of  the  natural  products  of  water  fish,  shellfish,  algae,  seaweed,  and  other  aquatic  organisms.  intensive  aquaculture  takes  place  on  land  using  tanks,  ponds,  or  other  controlled  systems,  or  in  the  ocean,  using  cages.  sustainability  intensive  farming  practices  which  are  thought  to  be  sustainable  have  been  developed  to  slow  the  deterioration  of  agricultural  land  and  even  regenerate  soil  health  and  ecosystem  services.  these  developments  may  fall  in  the  category  of  organic  farming,  or
__label__environmentmonitoring the  integration  of  organic  and  conventional  agriculture.pasture  cropping  involves  planting  grain  crops  directly  into  grassland  without  first  applying  herbicides.  the  perennial  grasses  form  a  living  mulch  understory  to  the  grain  crop,  eliminating  the  need  to  plant  cover  crops  after  harvest.  the  pasture  is  intensively  grazed  both  before  and  after  grain  production.  this  intensive  system  yields  equivalent  farmer  profits  partly  from  increased  livestock  forage  while  building  new  topsoil  and  sequestering  up  to  33  tons  of  co2/ha/year.biointensive  agriculture  focuses  on  maximizing  efficiency  such  as  per  unit  area,  energy  input  and  water  input.agroforestry  combines  agriculture  and  orchard/forestry  technologies  to  create  more  integrated,  diverse,
__label__environmentmonitoring productive,  profitable,  healthy  and  sustainable  landuse  systems.intercropping  can  increase  yields  or  reduce  inputs  and  thus  represents  potentially  sustainable  agricultural  intensification.  however,  while  total  yield  per  acre  is  often  increased,  yields  of  any  single  crop  often  diminish.  there  are  also  challenges  to  farmers  relying  on  farming  equipment  optimized  for  monoculture,  often  resulting  in  increased  labor  inputs.vertical  farming  is  intensive  crop  production  on  a  large  scale  in  urban  centers,  in  multistory,  artificiallylit  structures,  using  far  less  inputs  and  producing  fewer  environmental  impacts.an  integrated  farming  system  is  a  progressive,  sustainable  agriculture  system  such  as  zero  waste  agriculture  or  integrated  multitrophic  aquaculture,  which  involves
__label__environmentmonitoring the  interactions  of  multiple  species.  elements  of  this  integration  can  include:intentionally  introducing  flowering  plants  into  agricultural  ecosystems  to  increase  pollenand  nectarresources  required  by  natural  enemies  of  insect  pestsusing  crop  rotation  and  cover  crops  to  suppress  nematodes  in  potatoesintegrated  multitrophic  aquaculture  is  a  practice  in  which  the  byproducts  wastes  from  one  species  are  recycled  to  become  inputs  fertilizers,  food  for  another.holistic  management  was  originally  developed  for  reversing  desertification.  holistic  planned  grazing  is  similar  to  rotational  grazing  but  accentuates  the  four  principles  of  the  water  cycle,  the  mineral  cycles  including  the  carbon  cycle,  energy  flow  and  ecology.  challenges  when  huntergatherers  with  growing
__label__environmentmonitoring populations  depleted  the  stocks  of  game  and  wild  foods  across  the  near  east,  they  were  forced  to  introduce  agriculture.  but  agriculture  brought  much  longer  hours  of  work  and  a  less  rich  diet  than  huntergatherers  enjoyed.  further  population  growth  among  shifting  slashandburn  farmers  led  to  shorter  fallow  periods,  falling  yields  and  soil  erosion.  plowing  and  fertilizers  were  introduced  to  deal  with  these  problems  but  once  again  involved  longer  hours  of  work  and  degradation  of  soil  resources.the  challenges  and  issues  of  industrial  agriculture  for  society,  for  the  sector,  and  for  animal  rights,  include  the  costs  and  benefits  of  both  current  practices  and
__label__environmentmonitoring proposed  changes  to  those  practices.  this  is  a  continuation  of  thousands  of  years  of  invention  in  feeding  growing  populations.  population  growth  very  roughly:30,000  years  ago  huntergatherer  behavior  fed  6  million  people3,000  years  ago  primitive  agriculture  fed  60  million  people300  years  ago  intensive  agriculture  fed  600  million  peopletoday  industrial  agriculture  attempts  to  feed  8  billion  peoplebetween  1930  and  2000,  u.s.  agricultural  productivity  output  divided  by  all  inputs  rose  by  an  average  of  about  2  percent  annually,  causing  food  prices  to  decrease.  the  percentage  of  u.s.  disposable  income  spent  on  food  prepared  at  home  decreased,  from  22  percent  as  late  as  1950
__label__environmentmonitoring to  7  percent  by  the  end  of  the  century.  other  impacts  environmental  industrial  agriculture  uses  huge  amounts  of  water,  energy,  and  industrial  chemicals,  increasing  pollution  in  the  arable  land,  usable  water,  and  atmosphere.  herbicides,  insecticides,  and  fertilizers  accumulate  in  ground  and  surface  waters.  many  of  the  negative  effects  of  industrial  agriculture  may  emerge  at  some  distance  from  fields  and  farms.  nitrogen  compounds  from  the  midwest,  for  example,  travel  down  the  mississippi  to  degrade  coastal  fisheries  in  the  gulf  of  mexico.  but  other  adverse  effects  show  up  within  agricultural  production  systemsfor  example,  the  rapidly  developing  resistance  among  pests  renders  herbicides  and
__label__environmentmonitoring insecticides  increasingly  ineffective.  agrochemicals  have  been  implicated  in  colony  collapse  disorder,  in  which  the  individual  members  of  bee  colonies  disappear.  agricultural  production  is  highly  dependent  on  bees  to  pollinate  many  varieties  of  fruits  and  vegetables.intensive  monoculture  increases  the  risk  of  failures  due  to  pests,  adverse  weather  and  disease.  social  a  study  for  the  u.s.  office  of  technology  assessment  concluded  that  regarding  industrial  agriculture,  there  is  a  negative  relationship  between  the  trend  toward  increasing  farm  size  and  the  social  conditions  in  rural  communities  on  a  statistical  level.agricultural  monoculture  can  entail  social  and  economic  risks.  see  also  convertible  husbandrydryland  farmingenvironmental  issues  with
__label__environmentmonitoring fish  farming  or  pisciculture  involves  raising  fish  commercially  in  tanks  or  enclosures  such  as  fish  ponds,  usually  for  food.  it  is  the  principal  form  of  aquaculture,  while  other  methods  may  fall  under  mariculture.  a  facility  that  releases  juvenile  fish  into  the  wild  for  recreational  fishing  or  to  supplement  a  species  natural  numbers  is  generally  referred  to  as  a  fish  hatchery.  worldwide,  the  most  important  fish  species  produced  in  fish  farming  are  carp,  tilapia,  salmon,  and  catfish.demand  is  increasing  for  fish  and  fish  protein,  which  has  resulted  in  widespread  overfishing  in  wild  fisheries.  china  provides  62  of  the  worlds  farmed  fish.
__label__environmentmonitoring as  of  2016,  more  than  50  of  seafood  was  produced  by  aquaculture.farming  carnivorous  fish,  such  as  salmon,  does  not  always  reduce  pressure  on  wild  fisheries.  carnivorous  farmed  fish  are  usually  fed  fishmeal  and  fish  oil  extracted  from  wild  forage  fish.  the  2008  global  returns  for  fish  farming  recorded  by  the  fao  totaled  33.8  million  tonnes  worth  about  us  60  billion.  major  species  categories  aquaculture  makes  use  of  local  photosynthetic  production  extensive  or  fish  that  are  fed  with  external  food  supply  intensive.  extensive  aquaculture  growth  is  limited  by  available  food,  commonly  zooplankton  feeding  on  pelagic  algae  or  benthic  animals,  such  as
__label__environmentmonitoring crustaceans  and  mollusks.  tilapia  filter  feed  directly  on  phytoplankton,  which  makes  higher  production  possible.  photosynthetic  production  can  be  increased  by  fertilizing  pond  water  with  artificial  fertilizer  mixtures,  such  as  potash,  phosphorus,  nitrogen,  and  microelements.another  issue  is  the  risk  of  algal  blooms.  when  temperatures,  nutrient  supply,  and  available  sunlight  are  optimal  for  algal  growth,  algae  multiply  at  an  exponential  rate,  eventually  exhausting  nutrients  and  causing  a  subsequent  dieoff  in  fish.  the  decaying  algal  biomass  depletes  the  oxygen  in  the  pond  water  because  it  blocks  out  the  sun  and  pollutes  it  with  organic  and  inorganic  solutes  such  as  ammonium  ions,  which  can
__label__environmentmonitoring and  frequently  do  lead  to  massive  loss  of  fish.an  alternate  option  is  to  use  a  wetland  system,  such  as  that  used  in  the  commercial  fish  farm  veta  la  palma,  spain.to  tap  all  available  food  sources  in  the  pond,  the  aquaculturist  chooses  fish  species  that  occupy  different  places  in  the  pond  ecosystem,  e.g.,  a  filter  algae  feeder  such  as  tilapia,  a  benthic  feeder  such  as  carp  or  catfish,  and  a  zooplankton  feeder  various  carps  or  submerged  weeds  feeder  such  as  grass  carp.despite  these  limitations,  significant  fish  farming  industries  use  these  methods.  in  the  czech  republic,  thousands  of  natural  and  seminatural  ponds
__label__environmentmonitoring are  harvested  each  year  for  trout  and  carp.  the  large  romberk  pond  near  trebon,  built  in  1590,  is  still  in  use.  intensive  aquaculture  in  these  kinds  of  systems  fish  production  per  unit  of  surface  can  be  increased  at  will,  as  long  as  sufficient  oxygen,  fresh  water  and  food  are  provided.  because  of  the  requirement  of  sufficient  fresh  water,  a  massive  water  purification  system  must  be  integrated  in  the  fish  farm.  one  way  to  achieve  this  is  to  combine  hydroponic  horticulture  and  water  treatment,  see  below.  the  exception  to  this  rule  are  cages  which  are  placed  in  a  river  or  sea,
__label__environmentmonitoring which  supplements  the  fish  crop  with  sufficient  oxygenated  water.  some  environmentalists  object  to  this  practice.the  cost  of  inputs  per  unit  of  fish  weight  is  higher  than  in  extensive  farming,  especially  because  of  the  high  cost  of  fish  feed.  it  must  contain  a  much  higher  level  of  protein  up  to  60  than  cattle  feed  and  a  balanced  amino  acid  composition,  as  well.  these  higher  proteinlevel  requirements  are  a  consequence  of  the  higher  feed  efficiency  of  aquatic  animals  higher  feed  conversion  ratio  fcr,  that  is,  kg  of  feed  per  kg  of  animal  produced.  fish  such  as  salmon  have  an  fcr  around  1.1
__label__environmentmonitoring kg  of  feed  per  kg  of  salmon  whereas  chickens  are  in  the  2.5  kg  of  feed  per  kg  of  chicken  range.  fish  do  not  use  energy  to  keep  warm,  eliminating  some  carbohydrates  and  fats  in  the  diet,  required  to  provide  this  energy.  this  may  be  offset,  though,  by  the  lower  land  costs  and  the  higher  production  which  can  be  obtained  due  to  the  high  level  of  input  control.aeration  of  the  water  is  essential,  as  fish  need  a  sufficient  oxygen  level  for  growth.  this  is  achieved  by  bubbling,  cascade  flow,  or  aqueous  oxygen.  clarias  spp.  can  breathe  atmospheric  air  and  can
__label__environmentmonitoring tolerate  much  higher  levels  of  pollutants  than  trout  or  salmon,  which  makes  aeration  and  water  purification  less  necessary  and  makes  clarias  species  especially  suited  for  intensive  fish  production.  in  some  clarias  farms,  about  10  of  the  water  volume  can  consist  of  fish  biomass.the  risk  of  infections  by  parasites  such  as  fish  lice,  fungi  saprolegnia  spp.,  intestinal  worms  such  as  nematodes  or  trematodes,  bacteria  e.g.,  yersinia  spp.,  pseudomonas  spp.,  and  protozoa  such  as  dinoflagellates  is  similar  to  that  in  animal  husbandry,  especially  at  high  population  densities.  however,  animal  husbandry  is  a  larger  and  more  technologically  mature  area  of  human  agriculture  and
__label__environmentmonitoring has  developed  better  solutions  to  pathogen  problems.  intensive  aquaculture  has  to  provide  adequate  water  quality  oxygen,  ammonia,  nitrite,  etc.  levels  to  minimize  stress  on  the  fish.  this  requirement  makes  control  of  the  pathogen  problem  more  difficult.  intensive  aquaculture  requires  tight  monitoring  and  a  high  level  of  expertise  of  the  fish  farmer.veryhighintensity  recycle  aquaculture  systems  ras,  where  all  the  production  parameters  are  controlled,  are  being  used  for  highvalue  species.  by  recycling  water,  little  is  used  per  unit  of  production.  however,  the  process  has  high  capital  and  operating  costs.  the  higher  cost  structures  mean  that  ras  is  economical  only  for  highvalue  products,
__label__environmentmonitoring such  as  broodstock  for  egg  production,  fingerlings  for  net  pen  aquaculture  operations,  sturgeon  production,  research  animals,  and  some  special  niche  markets  such  as  live  fish.raising  ornamental  coldwater  fish  goldfish  or  koi,  although  theoretically  much  more  profitable  due  to  the  higher  income  per  weight  of  fish  produced,  has  been  successfully  carried  out  only  in  the  21st  century.  the  increased  incidences  of  dangerous  viral  diseases  of  koi  carp,  together  with  the  high  value  of  the  fish,  has  led  to  initiatives  in  closedsystem  koi  breeding  and  growing  in  a  number  of  countries.  today,  a  few  commercially  successful  intensive  koigrowing  facilities  are  operating  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  uk,  germany,  and  israel.some  producers  have  adapted  their  intensive  systems  in  an  effort  to  provide  consumers  with  fish  that  do  not  carry  dormant  forms  of  viruses  and  diseases.in  2016,  juvenile  nile  tilapia  were  given  a  food  containing  dried  schizochytrium  in  place  of  fish  oil.  when  compared  to  a  control  group  raised  on  regular  food,  they  exhibited  higher  weight  gain  and  better  foodtogrowth  conversion,  plus  their  flesh  was  higher  in  healthy  omega3  fatty  acids.  fish  farms  within  intensive  and  extensive  aquaculture  methods,numerous  specific  types  of  fish  farms  are  used;  each  has  benefits  and  applications  unique  to  its  design.  cage  system
__label__environmentmonitoring fish  cages  are  placed  in  lakes,  bayous,  ponds,  rivers,  or  oceans  to  contain  and  protect  fish  until  they  can  be  harvested.  the  method  is  also  called  offshore  cultivation  when  the  cages  are  placed  in  the  sea.  they  can  be  constructed  of  a  wide  variety  of  components.  fish  are  stocked  in  cages,  artificially  fed,  and  harvested  when  they  reach  market  size.  a  few  advantages  of  fish  farming  with  cages  are  that  many  types  of  waters  can  be  used  rivers,  lakes,  filled  quarries,  etc.,  many  types  of  fish  can  be  raised,  and  fish  farming  can  coexist  with  sport  fishing  and  other  water
__label__environmentmonitoring uses.cage  farming  of  fishes  in  open  seas  is  also  gaining  popularity.  given  concerns  of  disease,  poaching,  poor  water  quality,  etc.,  generally  pond  systems  are  considered  more  simple  to  start  and  easier  to  manage.  also,  past  occurrences  of  cagefailures  leading  to  escapes,  have  raised  concern  regarding  the  culture  of  nonnative  fish  species  in  dam  or  openwater  cages.  on  august  22,  2017,  there  was  a  massive  failure  of  such  cages  at  a  commercial  fishery  in  washington  state  in  puget  sound,  leading  to  the  release  of  nearly  300,000  atlantic  salmon  in  nonnative  waters.  this  is  believed  to  risk  endangering  the  native  pacific  salmon
__label__environmentmonitoring species.though  the  cageindustry  has  made  numerous  technological  advances  in  cage  construction  in  recent  years,  the  risk  of  damage  and  escape  due  to  storms  is  always  a  concern.semisubmersible  marine  technology  is  beginning  to  impact  fish  farming.  in  2018,  1.5  million  salmon  are  in  the  middle  of  a  yearlong  trial  at  ocean  farm  1  off  the  coast  of  norway.  the  semisubmersible  us300  million  project  is  the  worlds  first  deepsea  aquaculture  project,  and  includes  61meter  200  fthigh  by  91meter  300  ftdiameter  pen  made  from  a  series  of  meshwire  frames  and  nets,  designed  to  disperse  wastes  better  than  more  conventional  farms  in  sheltered  coastal
__label__environmentmonitoring waters,  and  therefore,  be  able  to  support  higher  fish  packing  density.  copperalloy  nets  recently,  copper  alloys  have  become  important  netting  materials  in  aquaculture.  copper  alloys  are  antimicrobial,  that  is,  they  destroy  bacteria,  viruses,  fungi,  algae,  and  other  microbes.  in  the  marine  environment,  the  antimicrobial/algaecidal  properties  of  copper  alloys  prevent  biofouling,  which  can  briefly  be  described  as  the  undesirable  accumulation,  adhesion,  and  growth  of  microorganisms,  plants,  algae,  tube  worms,  barnacles,  mollusks,  and  other  organisms.the  resistance  of  organism  growth  on  copper  alloy  nets  also  provides  a  cleaner  and  healthier  environment  for  farmed  fish  to  grow  and  thrive.  traditional  netting  involves  regular  and
__label__environmentmonitoring laborintensive  cleaning.  in  addition  to  its  antifouling  benefits,  copper  netting  has  strong  structural  and  corrosionresistant  properties  in  marine  environments.copperzinc  brass  alloys  are  deployed  in  commercialscale  aquaculture  operations  in  asia,  south  america,  and  the  usa  hawaii.  extensive  research,  including  demonstrations  and  trials,  are  being  implemented  on  two  other  copper  alloys:  coppernickel  and  coppersilicon.  each  of  these  alloy  types  has  an  inherent  ability  to  reduce  biofouling,  cage  waste,  disease,  and  the  need  for  antibiotics,  while  simultaneously  maintaining  water  circulation  and  oxygen  requirements.  other  types  of  copper  alloys  are  also  being  considered  for  research  and  development  in  aquaculture  operations.in  southeast  asia,  the  traditional
__label__environmentmonitoring cage  farming  platform  is  called  kelong.  irrigation  ditch  or  pond  systems  these  use  irrigation  ditches  or  farm  ponds  to  raise  fish.  the  basic  requirement  is  to  have  a  ditch  or  pond  that  retains  water,  possibly  with  an  aboveground  irrigation  system  many  irrigation  systems  use  buried  pipes  with  headers.using  this  method,  water  allotments  can  be  stored  in  ponds  or  ditches,  usually  lined  with  bentonite  clay.  in  small  systems,  the  fish  are  often  fed  commercial  fish  food,  and  their  waste  products  can  help  fertilize  the  fields.  in  larger  ponds,  the  pond  grows  water  plants  and  algae  as  fish  food.  some  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring most  successful  ponds  grow  introduced  strains  of  plants,  as  well  as  introduced  strains  of  fish.control  of  water  quality  is  crucial.  fertilizing,  clarifying,  and  ph  control  of  the  water  can  increase  yields  substantially,  as  long  as  eutrophication  is  prevented  and  oxygen  levels  stay  high.  yields  can  be  low  if  the  fish  grow  ill  from  electrolyte  stress.  composite  fish  culture  the  composite  fish  culture  system  is  a  technology  developed  in  india  by  the  indian  council  of  agricultural  research  in  the  1970s.  in  this  system,  of  both  local  and  imported  fish,  a  combination  of  five  or  six  fish  species  is  used  in  a
__label__environmentmonitoring single  fish  pond.  these  species  are  selected  so  that  they  do  not  compete  for  food  among  them  by  having  different  types  of  food  habitats.  as  a  result,  the  food  available  in  all  the  parts  of  the  pond  is  used.  fish  used  in  this  system  include  catla  and  silver  carp  which  are  surface  feeders,  rohu,  a  column  feeder,  and  mrigal  and  common  carp,  which  are  bottom  feeders.  other  fish  also  feed  on  the  excreta  of  the  common  carp,  and  this  helps  contribute  to  the  efficiency  of  the  system  which  in  optimal  conditions  produces  30006000  kg  of  fish  per  hectare  per  year.one
__label__environmentmonitoring problem  with  such  composite  fish  culture  is  that  many  of  these  fish  breed  only  during  monsoon.  even  if  fish  are  collected  from  the  wild,  they  can  be  mixed  with  other  species,  as  well.  so,  a  major  problem  in  fish  farming  is  the  lack  of  availability  of  goodquality  stock.  to  overcome  this  problem,  ways  have  now  been  worked  out  to  breed  these  fish  in  ponds  using  hormonal  stimulation.  this  has  ensured  the  supply  of  pure  fish  stock  in  desired  quantities.  integrated  recycling  systems  one  of  the  largest  problems  with  freshwater  pisciculture  is  that  it  can  use  a  million  gallons  of  water
__label__environmentmonitoring per  acre  about  1  m3  of  water  per  m2  each  year.  extended  water  purification  systems  allow  for  the  reuse  recycling  of  local  water.the  largestscale  pure  fish  farms  use  a  system  derived  admittedly  much  refined  from  the  new  alchemy  institute  in  the  1970s.  basically,  large  plastic  fish  tanks  are  placed  in  a  greenhouse.  a  hydroponic  bed  is  placed  near,  above  or  between  them.  when  tilapia  are  raised  in  the  tanks,  they  are  able  to  eat  algae,  which  naturally  grow  in  the  tanks  when  the  tanks  are  properly  fertilized.the  tank  water  is  slowly  circulated  to  the  hydroponic  beds,  where  the  tilapia  waste
__label__environmentmonitoring feeds  commercial  plant  crops.  carefully  cultured  microorganisms  in  the  hydroponic  bed  convert  ammonia  to  nitrates,  and  the  plants  are  fertilized  by  the  nitrates  and  phosphates.  other  wastes  are  strained  out  by  the  hydroponic  media,  which  double  as  an  aerated  pebblebed  filter.this  system,  properly  tuned,  produces  more  edible  protein  per  unit  area  than  any  other.  a  wide  variety  of  plants  can  grow  well  in  the  hydroponic  beds.  most  growers  concentrate  on  herbs  e.g.  parsley  and  basil,  which  command  premium  prices  in  small  quantities  all  year  long.  the  most  common  customers  are  restaurant  wholesalers.since  the  system  lives  in  a  greenhouse,  it  adapts
__label__environmentmonitoring to  almost  all  temperate  climates,  and  may  also  adapt  to  tropical  climates.the  main  environmental  impact  is  discharge  of  water  that  must  be  salted  to  maintain  the  fishes  electrolyte  balance.  current  growers  use  a  variety  of  proprietary  tricks  to  keep  fish  healthy,  reducing  their  expenses  for  salt  and  wastewater  discharge  permits.  some  veterinary  authorities  speculate  that  ultraviolet  ozone  disinfectant  systems  widely  used  for  ornamental  fish  may  play  a  prominent  part  in  keeping  the  tilapia  healthy  with  recirculated  water.a  number  of  large,  wellcapitalized  ventures  in  this  area  have  failed.  managing  both  the  biology  and  markets  is  complicated.  one  future  development  is  the
__label__environmentmonitoring combination  of  integrated  recycling  systems  with  urban  farming  as  tried  in  sweden  by  the  greenfish  initiative.  classic  fry  farming  this  is  also  called  a  flow  through  system  trout  and  other  sport  fish  are  often  raised  from  eggs  to  fry  or  fingerlings  and  then  trucked  to  streams  and  released.  normally,  the  fry  are  raised  in  long,  shallow,  concrete  tanks,  fed  with  fresh  stream  water.  the  fry  receive  commercial  fish  food  in  pellets.  while  not  as  efficient  as  the  new  alchemists  method,  it  is  also  far  simpler  and  has  been  used  for  many  years  to  stock  streams  with  sport  fish.european  eel  anguilla
__label__environmentmonitoring anguilla  aquaculturalists  procure  a  limited  supply  of  glass  eels,  juvenile  stages  of  the  european  eel  which  swim  north  from  the  sargasso  sea  breeding  grounds,  for  their  farms.  the  european  eel  is  threatened  with  extinction  because  of  the  excessive  catch  of  glass  eels  by  spanish  fishermen  and  overfishing  of  adult  eels  in,  e.g.,  the  dutch  ijsselmeer,  netherlands.  although  european  eel  larvae  can  survive  for  several  weeks,  the  full  life  cycle  has  not  yet  been  achieved  in  captivity.  issues  the  issue  of  feeds  in  fish  farming  has  been  a  controversial  one.  many  cultured  fishes  tilapia,  carp,  catfish,  many  others  require  no  meat
__label__environmentmonitoring or  fish  products  in  their  diets.  toplevel  carnivores  most  salmon  species  depend  on  fish  feed  of  which  a  portion  is  usually  derived  from  wildcaught  fish  anchovies,  menhaden,  etc..  vegetablederived  proteins  have  successfully  replaced  fish  meal  in  feeds  for  carnivorous  fishes,  but  vegetablederived  oils  have  not  successfully  been  incorporated  into  the  diets  of  carnivores.  research  is  underway  to  try  to  change  this,  such  that  even  salmon  and  other  carnivores  could  be  successfully  fed  with  vegetable  products.  the  f3  challenge  fishfree  feed  challenge,  as  explained  by  a  report  from  wired  in  february  2017,  is  a  race  to  sell  100,000  metric  tons  of
__label__environmentmonitoring fish  food,  without  the  fish.  earlier  this  month,  startups  from  places  like  pakistan,  china,  and  belgium  joined  their  american  competition  at  the  google  headquarters  in  mountain  view,  california,  showing  off  feed  made  from  seaweed  extracts,  yeast,  and  algae  grown  in  bioreactors.  not  only  do  the  feeds  for  carnivorous  fish,  like  certain  salmon  species,  remain  controversial  due  to  the  containment  of  wild  caught  fish  like  anchovies,  but  they  are  not  helping  the  health  of  the  fish,  as  is  the  case  in  norway.  between  2003  and  2007,  aldrin  et  al.,  examined  three  infectious  diseases  in  norwegian  salmon  fish  farmsheart  and  skeletal  muscle
__label__environmentmonitoring inflammation,  pancreas  disease,  and  infectious  salmon  anemia.  in  2014,  martinezrubio  et  al.,  conducted  a  study  in  which  cardiomyopathy  syndrome  cms,  a  severe  cardiac  disease  in  atlantic  salmon  salmo  salar,  was  investigated  pertaining  the  effects  of  functional  feeds  with  reduced  lipid  content  and  increased  eicosapentaenoic  acid  levels  in  controlling  cms  in  salmon  after  infection  with  piscine  myocarditis  virus  pmcv.  functional  feeds  are  defined  as  highquality  feeds  that  beyond  purposes  of  nutrition,  they  are  formulated  with  health  promoting  features  that  could  be  beneficial  in  supporting  disease  resistance,  such  as  cms.  in  choosing  a  clinical  nutrition  approach  using  functional  feeds  could,  potentially  move
__label__environmentmonitoring away  from  chemotherapeutic  and  antibiotic  treatments,  which  could  lower  the  costs  of  disease  treatment  and  management  in  fish  farms.  in  this  investigation  three  fishmealbased  diets  were  servedone  made  of  31  lipid  and  the  other  two  made  of  18  lipid  one  contained  fishmeal  and  the  other  krill  meal.  results  demonstrated  a  significant  difference  in  the  immune  and  inflammatory  responses  and  pathology  in  heart  tissue  as  the  fish  were  infected  with  pmcv.  fish  fed  with  functional  feeds  with  low  lipid  content  demonstrated  milder  and  delayed  inflammatory  response  and  therefore,  less  severe  heart  lesions  at  earlier  and  later  stages  after  have  pmcv  infection.secondly,
__label__environmentmonitoring farmed  fish  are  kept  in  concentrations  never  seen  in  the  wild  e.g.  50,000  fish  in  a  2acre  8,100  m2  area..  however,  fish  tend  also  to  be  animals  that  aggregate  into  large  schools  at  high  density.  most  successful  aquaculture  species  are  schooling  species,  which  do  not  have  social  problems  at  high  density.  aquaculturists  feel  that  operating  a  rearing  system  above  its  design  capacity  or  above  the  social  density  limit  of  the  fish  will  result  in  decreased  growth  rate  and  increased  feed  conversion  ratio  kg  dry  feed/kg  of  fish  produced,  which  results  in  increased  cost  and  risk  of  health  problems  along  with
__label__environmentmonitoring a  decrease  in  profits.  stressing  the  animals  is  not  desirable,  but  the  concept  of  and  measurement  of  stress  must  be  viewed  from  the  perspective  of  the  animal  using  the  scientific  method.sea  lice,  particularly  lepeophtheirus  salmonis  and  various  caligus  species,  including  c.  clemensi  and  c.  rogercresseyi,  can  cause  deadly  infestations  of  both  farmgrown  and  wild  salmon.  sea  lice  are  ectoparasites  which  feed  on  mucus,  blood,  and  skin,  and  migrate  and  latch  onto  the  skin  of  wild  salmon  during  freeswimming,  planktonic  nauplii  and  copepodid  larval  stages,  which  can  persist  for  several  days.  large  numbers  of  highly  populated,  opennet  salmon  farms  can  create
__label__environmentmonitoring exceptionally  large  concentrations  of  sea  lice;  when  exposed  in  river  estuaries  containing  large  numbers  of  opennet  farms,  many  young  wild  salmon  are  infected,  and  do  not  survive  as  a  result.  adult  salmon  may  survive  otherwise  critical  numbers  of  sea  lice,  but  small,  thinskinned  juvenile  salmon  migrating  to  sea  are  highly  vulnerable.  on  the  pacific  coast  of  canada,  the  louseinduced  mortality  of  pink  salmon  in  some  regions  is  commonly  over  80.  in  scotland,  official  figures  show  that  more  than  nine  million  fish  were  lost  to  disease,  parasites,  botched  treatment  attempts  and  other  problems  on  fish  farms  between  2016  and  2019.a  2008
__label__environmentmonitoring metaanalysis  of  available  data  shows  that  salmon  farming  reduces  the  survival  of  associated  wild  salmon  populations.  this  relationship  has  been  shown  to  hold  for  atlantic,  steelhead,  pink,  chum,  and  coho  salmon.  the  decrease  in  survival  or  abundance  often  exceeds  50.diseases  and  parasites  are  the  most  commonly  cited  reasons  for  such  decreases.  some  species  of  sea  lice  have  been  noted  to  target  farmed  coho  and  atlantic  salmon.  such  parasites  have  been  shown  to  have  an  effect  on  nearby  wild  fish.  one  place  that  has  garnered  international  media  attention  is  british  columbias  broughton  archipelago.  there,  juvenile  wild  salmon  must  run  a  gauntlet
__label__environmentmonitoring of  large  fish  farms  located  offshore  near  river  outlets  before  making  their  way  to  sea.  the  farms  allegedly  cause  such  severe  sea  lice  infestations  that  one  study  predicted  in  2007  a  99  collapse  in  the  wild  salmon  population  by  2011.  this  claim,  however,  has  been  criticized  by  numerous  scientists  who  question  the  correlation  between  increased  fish  farming  and  increases  in  sea  lice  infestation  among  wild  salmon.because  of  parasite  problems,  some  aquaculture  operators  frequently  use  strong  antibiotic  drugs  to  keep  the  fish  alive,  but  many  fish  still  die  prematurely  at  rates  up  to  30.  additionally,  other  common  drugs  used  in  salmonid
__label__environmentmonitoring fish  farms  in  north  america  and  europe  include  anesthetic,  chemotherapeutic,  and  anthelmintic  agents.  in  some  cases,  these  drugs  have  entered  the  environment.  additionally,  the  residual  presence  of  these  drugs  in  human  food  products  has  become  controversial.  use  of  antibiotics  in  food  production  is  thought  to  increase  the  prevalence  of  antibiotic  resistance  in  human  diseases.  at  some  facilities,  the  use  of  antibiotic  drugs  in  aquaculture  has  decreased  considerably  due  to  vaccinations  and  other  techniques.  however,  most  fishfarming  operations  still  use  antibiotics,  many  of  which  escape  into  the  surrounding  environment.the  lice  and  pathogen  problems  of  the  1990s  facilitated  the  development  of  current
__label__environmentmonitoring treatment  methods  for  sea  lice  and  pathogens,  which  reduced  the  stress  from  parasite/pathogen  problems.  however,  being  in  an  ocean  environment,  the  transfer  of  disease  organisms  from  the  wild  fish  to  the  aquaculture  fish  is  an  everpresent  risk.the  large  number  of  fish  kept  longterm  in  a  single  location  contributes  to  habitat  destruction  of  the  nearby  areas.  the  high  concentrations  of  fish  produce  a  significant  amount  of  condensed  faeces,  often  contaminated  with  drugs,  which  again  affects  local  waterways.aquaculture  not  only  impact  the  fish  on  the  farm,  but  it  also  involves  environmental  interactions  with  other  species,  which  in  return  are  attracted  or  repelled
__label__environmentmonitoring by  the  farms.  mobile  fauna,  such  as  crustaceans,  fish,  birds,  and  marine  mammals,  interact  with  the  process  of  aquaculture,  but  the  longterm  or  ecological  effects  as  a  result  of  these  interactions  is  still  unknown.  some  of  these  fauna  may  be  attracted  or  demonstrate  repulsion.  the  attraction/  repulsion  mechanism  has  various  direct  and  indirect  effects  on  wild  organisms  at  individual  and  population  levels.  the  interactions  that  wild  organisms  have  with  aquaculture  may  have  implications  on  the  management  of  fisheries  species  and  the  ecosystem  in  relation  to  how  the  fish  farms  are  structured  and  organized.however,  if  the  farm  is  correctly  placed  in
__label__environmentmonitoring an  area  with  a  strong  current,  the  pollutants  are  flushed  out  of  the  area  fairly  quickly.  not  only  does  this  help  with  the  pollution  problem,  but  water  with  a  stronger  current  also  aids  in  overall  fish  growth.concern  remains  that  resultant  bacterial  growth  strips  the  water  of  oxygen,  reducing  or  killing  off  the  local  marine  life.  once  an  area  has  been  so  contaminated,  the  fish  farms  are  moved  to  new,  uncontaminated  areas.  this  practice  has  angered  nearby  fishermen.other  potential  problems  faced  by  aquaculturists  are  the  obtaining  of  various  permits  and  wateruse  rights,  profitability,  concerns  about  invasive  species  and  genetic  engineering  depending
__label__environmentmonitoring on  what  species  are  involved,  and  interaction  with  the  united  nations  convention  on  the  law  of  the  sea.in  regards  to  genetically  modified,  farmed  salmon,  concern  has  been  raised  over  their  proven  reproductive  advantage  and  how  it  could  potentially  decimate  local  fish  populations,  if  released  into  the  wild.  biologist  rick  howard  did  a  controlled  laboratory  study  where  wild  fish  and  gmo  fish  were  allowed  to  breed.  in  1989,  the  aquabounty  technologies  developed  the  aqua  advantage  salmon.  the  concerns  and  critiques  of  cultivating  this  gmo  fish  in  aquaculture  are  that  the  fish  will  escape  and  interact  with  other  fish  ultimately  leading  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  reproduction  with  other  fishes.  however,  the  fda,  has  determined  that  while  net  pens  would  not  be  the  most  appropriate  to  prevent  escapes,  that  raising  the  salmon  in  panama  waters  would  result  effective  in  the  prevention  of  escape  because  the  water  conditions  there  would  fail  to  support  longterm  survival  of  the  salmon  in  the  case  that  they  escaped.  another  method  of  preventing  aqua  advantage  fish  from  impacting  the  ecosystems  in  the  case  they  escape  suggested  by  the  fda  was  to  create  sterile  triploid  females.  this  way  concerns  on  reproducing  with  other  fishes  would  be  out  of  the  question.  the  gmo
__label__environmentmonitoring fish  crowded  out  the  wild  fish  in  spawning  beds,  but  the  offspring  were  less  likely  to  survive.the  colorant  used  to  make  penraised  salmon  appear  rosy  like  the  wild  fish  has  been  linked  with  retinal  problems  in  humans.  labeling  in  2005,  alaska  passed  legislation  requiring  that  any  genetically  altered  fish  sold  in  the  state  be  labeled.  in  2006,  a  consumer  reports  investigation  revealed  that  farmraised  salmon  is  frequently  sold  as  wild.in  2008,  the  us  national  organic  standards  board  allowed  farmed  fish  to  be  labeled  as  organic  provided  less  than  25  of  their  feed  came  from  wild  fish.  this  decision  was  criticized
__label__environmentmonitoring by  the  advocacy  group  food  water  watch  as  bending  the  rules  about  organic  labeling.  in  the  european  union,  fish  labeling  as  to  species,  method  of  production  and  origin,  has  been  required  since  2002.concerns  continue  over  the  labeling  of  salmon  as  farmed  or  wildcaught,  as  well  as  about  the  humane  treatment  of  farmed  fish.  the  marine  stewardship  council  has  established  an  eco  label  to  distinguish  between  farmed  and  wildcaught  salmon,  while  the  rspca  has  established  the  freedom  food  label  to  indicate  humane  treatment  of  farmed  salmon,  as  well  as  other  food  products.  indoor  fish  farming  an  alternative  to  outdoor  open  ocean
__label__environmentmonitoring cage  aquaculture,  is  through  the  use  of  a  recirculating  aquaculture  system  ras.  a  ras  is  a  series  of  culture  tanks  and  filters  where  water  is  continuously  recycled  and  monitored  to  keep  optimal  conditions  year  round.  to  prevent  the  deterioration  of  water  quality,  the  water  is  treated  mechanically  through  the  removal  of  particulate  matter  and  biologically  through  the  conversion  of  harmful  accumulated  chemicals  into  nontoxic  ones.other  treatments  such  as  ultraviolet  sterilization,  ozonation,  and  oxygen  injection  are  also  used  to  maintain  optimal  water  quality.  through  this  system,  many  of  the  environmental  drawbacks  of  aquaculture  are  minimized  including  escaped  fish,  water  usage,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  introduction  of  pollutants.  the  practices  also  increased  feeduse  efficiency  growth  by  providing  optimum  water  quality.one  of  the  drawbacks  to  recirculating  aquaculture  systems  is  the  need  for  periodic  water  exchanges.  however,  the  rate  of  water  exchange  can  be  reduced  through  aquaponics,  such  as  the  incorporation  of  hydroponically  grown  plants  and  denitrification.  both  methods  reduce  the  amount  of  nitrate  in  the  water,  and  can  potentially  eliminate  the  need  for  water  exchanges,  closing  the  aquaculture  system  from  the  environment.  the  amount  of  interaction  between  the  aquaculture  system  and  the  environment  can  be  measured  through  the  cumulative  feed  burden  cfb  kg/m3,  which  measures
__label__environmentmonitoring the  amount  of  feed  that  goes  into  the  ras  relative  to  the  amount  of  water  and  waste  discharged.  the  environmental  impact  of  larger  indoor  fish  farming  system  will  be  linked  to  the  local  infrastructure,  and  water  supply.  areas  which  are  more  droughtprone,  indoor  fish  farms  might  flow  out  wastewater  for  watering  agricultural  farms,  reducing  the  water  affliction.from  2011,  a  team  from  the  university  of  waterloo  led  by  tahbit  chowdhury  and  gordon  graff  examined  vertical  ras  aquaculture  designs  aimed  at  producing  proteinrich  fish  species.  however,  because  of  its  high  capital  and  operating  costs,  ras  has  generally  been  restricted  to  practices  such
__label__environmentmonitoring as  broodstock  maturation,  larval  rearing,  fingerling  production,  research  animal  production,  specific  pathogenfree  animal  production,  and  caviar  and  ornamental  fish  production.  as  such,  research  and  design  work  by  chowdhury  and  graff  remains  difficult  to  implement.  although  the  use  of  ras  for  other  species  is  considered  by  many  aquaculturalists  to  be  currently  impractical,  some  limited  successful  implementation  of  ras  has  occurred  with  highvalue  product  such  as  barramundi,  sturgeon,  and  live  tilapia  in  the  us,  eels  and  catfish  in  the  netherlands,  trout  in  denmark  and  salmon  is  planned  in  scotland  and  canada.  slaughter  methods  tanks  saturated  with  carbon  dioxide  have  been  used  to
__label__environmentmonitoring make  fish  unconscious.  their  gills  are  then  cut  with  a  knife  so  that  the  fish  bleed  out  before  they  are  further  processed.  this  is  no  longer  considered  a  humane  method  of  slaughter.  methods  that  induce  much  less  physiological  stress  are  electrical  or  percussive  stunning  and  this  has  led  to  the  phasing  out  of  the  carbon  dioxide  slaughter  method  in  europe.  inhumane  methods  according  to  t.  hstein  of  the  national  veterinary  institute,  different  methods  for  slaughter  of  fish  are  in  place  and  it  is  no  doubt  that  many  of  them  may  be  considered  as  appalling  from  an  animal  welfare  point  of
__label__environmentmonitoring view.  a  2004  report  by  the  efsa  scientific  panel  on  animal  health  and  welfare  explained:  many  existing  commercial  killing  methods  expose  fish  to  substantial  suffering  over  a  prolonged  period  of  time.  for  some  species,  existing  methods,  whilst  capable  of  killing  fish  humanely,  are  not  doing  so  because  operators  dont  have  the  knowledge  to  evaluate  them.  following  are  some  of  the  less  humane  ways  of  killing  fish.air  asphyxiation  amounts  to  suffocation  in  the  open  air.  the  process  can  take  upwards  of  15  minutes  to  induce  death,  although  unconsciousness  typically  sets  in  sooner.ice  baths  or  chilling  of  farmed  fish  on  ice  or
__label__environmentmonitoring submerged  in  nearfreezing  water  is  used  to  dampen  muscle  movements  by  the  fish  and  to  delay  the  onset  of  postdeath  decay.  however,  it  does  not  necessarily  reduce  sensibility  to  pain;  indeed,  the  chilling  process  has  been  shown  to  elevate  cortisol.  in  addition,  reduced  body  temperature  extends  the  time  before  fish  lose  consciousness.co  narcosisexsanguination  without  stunning  is  a  process  in  which  fish  are  taken  up  from  water,  held  still,  and  cut  so  as  to  cause  bleeding.  according  to  references  in  yue,  this  can  leave  fish  writhing  for  an  average  of  four  minutes,  and  some  catfish  still  responded  to  noxious  stimuli  after
__label__environmentmonitoring more  than  15  minutes.immersion  in  salt  followed  by  gutting  or  other  processing  such  as  smoking  is  applied  to  eel.  more  humane  methods  proper  stunning  renders  the  fish  unconscious  immediately  and  for  a  sufficient  period  of  time  such  that  the  fish  is  killed  in  the  slaughter  process  e.g.  through  exsanguination  without  regaining  consciousness.  percussive  stunning  involves  rendering  the  fish  unconscious  with  a  blow  on  the  head.electric  stunning  can  be  humane  when  a  proper  current  is  made  to  flow  through  the  fish  brain  for  a  sufficient  period  of  time.  electric  stunning  can  be  applied  after  the  fish  has  been  taken  out  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  water  dry  stunning  or  while  the  fish  is  still  in  the  water.  the  latter  generally  requires  a  much  higher  current  and  may  lead  to  operator  safety  issues.  an  advantage  could  be  that  inwater  stunning  allows  fish  to  be  rendered  unconscious  without  stressful  handling  or  displacement.  however,  improper  stunning  may  not  induce  insensibility  long  enough  to  prevent  the  fish  from  enduring  exsanguination  while  conscious.  whether  the  optimal  stunning  parameters  that  researchers  have  determined  in  studies  are  used  by  the  industry  in  practice  is  unknown.  gallery  see  also  aquaculture  of  catfishaquaculture  of  salmonidskelong  references  further  reading  benson,  tess.  advancing  aquaculture:  fish
__label__environmentmonitoring welfare  at  slaughter  pdf.  archived  from  the  original  pdf  on  20110721.  retrieved  20110612.yue,  stephanie.  an  hsus  report:  the  welfare  of  farmed  fish  at  slaughter  pdf.  humane  society  of  the  united  states.  retrieved  20110612.european  food  safety  authority  2004.  opinion  of  the  scientific  panel  on  animal  health  and  welfare  on  a  request  from  the  commission  related  to  welfare  aspects  of  the  main  systems  of  stunning  and  killing  the  main  commercial  species  of  animals.  the  efsa  journal.  2  7:  45.  doi:10.2903/j.efsa.2004.45.hstein,  t  2004,  animal  welfare  issues  relating  to  aquaculture,  proceedings  of  the  global  conference  on  animal  welfare:  an  oie  initiative  pdf,  pp.  21931,
__label__environmentmonitoring archived  from  the  original  pdf  on  20120325,  retrieved  20110612jhingran  vg  1987  introduction  to  aquaculture  nigerian  institute  for  oceanography  and  marine  research,  fao,  rome.d.  r.  1993.  aquaculture  training  manual  2nd  ed..  john  wiley  sons.  isbn  9780852381946.manci,  bill.  fish  farming  newsaquaculture  production  reaches  new  heights.  archived  from  the  original  on  20140701.  retrieved  20131107.  external  links  noaa  aquaculture  websitefao  fisheries  department  and  its  sofia  report  on  fisheries  and  aquaculturecoastal  alliance  for  aquaculture  reform  coalition  of  environmental  groups,  scientists  and  first  nations  opposed  to  current  salmon  farming  practicesethical  concerns  about  the  conditions  on  fish  farmsthe  pure  salmon  campaign  websitetropical  fish  farming  in  floridanatures  subsidies
__label__environmentmonitoring indoor  air  quality  iaq  is  the  air  quality  within  and  around  buildings  and  structures.  iaq  is  known  to  affect  the  health,  comfort  and  wellbeing  of  building  occupants.  poor  indoor  air  quality  has  been  linked  to  sick  building  syndrome,  reduced  productivity  and  impaired  learning  in  schools.iaq  can  be  affected  by  gases  including  carbon  monoxide,  radon,  volatile  organic  compounds,  particulates,  microbial  contaminants  mold,  bacteria,  or  any  mass  or  energy  stressor  that  can  induce  adverse  health  conditions.  source  control,  filtration  and  the  use  of  ventilation  to  dilute  contaminants  are  the  primary  methods  for  improving  indoor  air  quality  in  most  buildings.  residential  units  can
__label__environmentmonitoring further  improve  indoor  air  quality  by  routine  cleaning  of  carpets  and  area  rugs.determination  of  iaq  involves  the  collection  of  air  samples,  monitoring  human  exposure  to  pollutants,  collection  of  samples  on  building  surfaces,  and  computer  modelling  of  air  flow  inside  buildings.iaq  is  part  of  indoor  environmental  quality  ieq,  which  includes  iaq  as  well  as  other  physical  and  psychological  aspects  of  life  indoors  e.g.,  lighting,  visual  quality,  acoustics,  and  thermal  comfort.indoor  air  pollution  in  developing  nations  is  a  major  health  hazard.  a  major  source  of  indoor  air  pollution  in  developing  countries  is  the  burning  of  biomass  e.g.  wood,  charcoal,  dung,  or  crop
__label__environmentmonitoring residue  for  heating  and  cooking.  the  resulting  exposure  to  high  levels  of  particulate  matter  resulted  in  between  1.5  million  and  2  million  deaths  in  2000.  common  pollutants  secondhand  smoke  secondhand  smoke  is  tobacco  smoke  which  affects  people  other  than  the  active  smoker.  secondhand  tobacco  smoke  includes  both  a  gaseous  and  a  particulate  phase,  with  particular  hazards  arising  from  levels  of  carbon  monoxide  as  indicated  below  and  very  small  particulates  fine  particular  matter  at  especially  pm2.5  size,  and  pm10  which  get  into  the  bronchioles  and  alveoles  in  the  lung.  the  only  certain  method  to  improve  indoor  air  quality  as  regards  secondhand
__label__environmentmonitoring smoke  is  to  eliminate  smoking  indoors.  radon  radon  is  an  invisible,  radioactive  atomic  gas  that  results  from  the  radioactive  decay  of  radium,  which  may  be  found  in  rock  formations  beneath  buildings  or  in  certain  building  materials  themselves.  radon  is  probably  the  most  pervasive  serious  hazard  for  indoor  air  in  the  united  states  and  europe,  and  is  probably  responsible  for  tens  of  thousands  of  deaths  from  lung  cancer  each  year.  there  are  relatively  simple  test  kits  for  doityourself  radon  gas  testing,  but  if  a  home  is  for  sale  the  testing  must  be  done  by  a  licensed  person  in  some  u.s.  states.
__label__environmentmonitoring radon  gas  enters  buildings  as  a  soil  gas  and  is  a  heavy  gas  and  thus  will  tend  to  accumulate  at  the  lowest  level.  radon  may  also  be  introduced  into  a  building  through  drinking  water  particularly  from  bathroom  showers.  building  materials  can  be  a  rare  source  of  radon,  but  little  testing  is  carried  out  for  stone,  rock  or  tile  products  brought  into  building  sites;  radon  accumulation  is  greatest  for  well  insulated  homes.  the  half  life  for  radon  is  3.8  days,  indicating  that  once  the  source  is  removed,  the  hazard  will  be  greatly  reduced  within  a  few  weeks.  radon  mitigation  methods  include
__label__environmentmonitoring sealing  concrete  slab  floors,  basement  foundations,  water  drainage  systems,  or  by  increasing  ventilation.  they  are  usually  cost  effective  and  can  greatly  reduce  or  even  eliminate  the  contamination  and  the  associated  health  risks.radon  is  measured  in  picocuries  per  liter  of  air  pci/l,  a  measurement  of  radioactivity.  in  the  united  states,  the  average  indoor  radon  level  is  about  1.3  pci/l.  the  average  outdoor  level  is  about  0.4  pci/l.  the  u.s.  surgeon  general  and  epa  recommend  fixing  homes  with  radon  levels  at  or  above  4  pci/l.  epa  also  recommends  that  people  think  about  fixing  their  homes  for  radon  levels  between  2  pci/l  and
__label__environmentmonitoring 4  pci/l.  molds  and  other  allergens  these  biological  chemicals  can  arise  from  a  host  of  means,  but  there  are  two  common  classes:  a  moisture  induced  growth  of  mold  colonies  and  b  natural  substances  released  into  the  air  such  as  animal  dander  and  plant  pollen.  mold  is  always  associated  with  moisture,  and  its  growth  can  be  inhibited  by  keeping  humidity  levels  below  50.  moisture  buildup  inside  buildings  may  arise  from  water  penetrating  compromised  areas  of  the  building  envelope  or  skin,  from  plumbing  leaks,  from  condensation  due  to  improper  ventilation,  or  from  ground  moisture  penetrating  a  building  part.  even  something  as  simple
__label__environmentmonitoring as  drying  clothes  indoors  on  radiators  can  increase  the  risk  of  exposure  to  amongst  other  things  aspergillus  a  highly  dangerous  mould  that  can  be  fatal  for  asthma  sufferers  and  the  elderly.  in  areas  where  cellulosic  materials  paper  and  wood,  including  drywall  become  moist  and  fail  to  dry  within  48  hours,  mold  mildew  can  propagate  and  release  allergenic  spores  into  the  air.in  many  cases,  if  materials  have  failed  to  dry  out  several  days  after  the  suspected  water  event,  mold  growth  is  suspected  within  wall  cavities  even  if  it  is  not  immediately  visible.  through  a  mold  investigation,  which  may  include  destructive  inspection,
__label__environmentmonitoring one  should  be  able  to  determine  the  presence  or  absence  of  mold.  in  a  situation  where  there  is  visible  mold  and  the  indoor  air  quality  may  have  been  compromised,  mold  remediation  may  be  needed.  mold  testing  and  inspections  should  be  carried  out  by  an  independent  investigator  to  avoid  any  conflict  of  interest  and  to  insure  accurate  results;  free  mold  testing  offered  by  remediation  companies  is  not  recommended.there  are  some  varieties  of  mold  that  contain  toxic  compounds  mycotoxins.  however,  exposure  to  hazardous  levels  of  mycotoxin  via  inhalation  is  not  possible  in  most  cases,  as  toxins  are  produced  by  the  fungal  body
__label__environmentmonitoring and  are  not  at  significant  levels  in  the  released  spores.  the  primary  hazard  of  mold  growth,  as  it  relates  to  indoor  air  quality,  comes  from  the  allergenic  properties  of  the  spore  cell  wall.  more  serious  than  most  allergenic  properties  is  the  ability  of  mold  to  trigger  episodes  in  persons  that  already  have  asthma,  a  serious  respiratory  disease.  carbon  monoxide  one  of  the  most  acutely  toxic  indoor  air  contaminants  is  carbon  monoxide  co,  a  colourless  and  odourless  gas  that  is  a  byproduct  of  incomplete  combustion.  common  sources  of  carbon  monoxide  are  tobacco  smoke,  space  heaters  using  fossil  fuels,  defective  central  heating
__label__environmentmonitoring furnaces  and  automobile  exhaust.  by  depriving  the  brain  of  oxygen,  high  levels  of  carbon  monoxide  can  lead  to  nausea,  unconsciousness  and  death.  according  to  the  american  conference  of  governmental  industrial  hygienists  acgih,  the  timeweighted  average  twa  limit  for  carbon  monoxide  630080  is  25  ppm.  volatile  organic  compounds  volatile  organic  compounds  vocs  are  emitted  as  gases  from  certain  solids  or  liquids.  vocs  include  a  variety  of  chemicals,  some  of  which  may  have  short  and  longterm  adverse  health  effects.  concentrations  of  many  vocs  are  consistently  higher  indoors  up  to  ten  times  higher  than  outdoors.  vocs  are  emitted  by  a  wide  array  of
__label__environmentmonitoring products  numbering  in  the  thousands.  examples  include:  paints  and  lacquers,  paint  strippers,  cleaning  supplies,  pesticides,  building  materials  and  furnishings,  office  equipment  such  as  copiers  and  printers,  correction  fluids  and  carbonless  copy  paper,  graphics  and  craft  materials  including  glues  and  adhesives,  permanent  markers,  and  photographic  solutions.chlorinated  drinking  water  releases  chloroform  when  hot  water  is  used  in  the  home.  benzene  is  emitted  from  fuel  stored  in  attached  garages.  overheated  cooking  oils  emit  acrolein  and  formaldehyde.  a  metaanalysis  of  77  surveys  of  vocs  in  homes  in  the  us  found  the  top  ten  riskiest  indoor  air  vocs  were  acrolein,  formaldehyde,  benzene,  hexachlorobutadiene,  acetaldehyde,  1,3butadiene,
__label__environmentmonitoring benzyl  chloride,  1,4dichlorobenzene,  carbon  tetrachloride,  acrylonitrile,  and  vinyl  chloride.  these  compounds  exceeded  health  standards  in  most  homes.organic  chemicals  are  widely  used  as  ingredients  in  household  products.  paints,  varnishes,  and  wax  all  contain  organic  solvents,  as  do  many  cleaning,  disinfecting,  cosmetic,  degreasing,  and  hobby  products.  fuels  are  made  up  of  organic  chemicals.  all  of  these  products  can  release  organic  compounds  during  usage,  and,  to  some  degree,  when  they  are  stored.  testing  emissions  from  building  materials  used  indoors  has  become  increasingly  common  for  floor  coverings,  paints,  and  many  other  important  indoor  building  materials  and  finishes.several  initiatives  envisage  to  reduce  indoor  air  contamination
__label__environmentmonitoring by  limiting  voc  emissions  from  products.  there  are  regulations  in  france  and  in  germany,  and  numerous  voluntary  ecolabels  and  rating  systems  containing  low  voc  emissions  criteria  such  as  emicode,  m1,  blue  angel  and  indoor  air  comfort  in  europe,  as  well  as  california  standard  cdph  section  01350  and  several  others  in  the  usa.  these  initiatives  changed  the  marketplace  where  an  increasing  number  of  lowemitting  products  has  become  available  during  the  last  decades.at  least  18  microbial  vocs  mvocs  have  been  characterised  including  1octen3ol,  3methylfuran,  2pentanol,  2hexanone,  2heptanone,  3octanone,  3octanol,  2octen1ol,  1octene,  2pentanone,  2nonanone,  borneol,  geosmin,  1butanol,  3methyl1butanol,  3methyl2butanol,  and  thujopsene.  the  first
__label__environmentmonitoring of  these  compounds  is  called  mushroom  alcohol.  the  last  four  are  products  of  stachybotrys  chartarum,  which  has  been  linked  with  sick  building  syndrome.  legionella  legionellosis  or  legionnaires  disease  is  caused  by  a  waterborne  bacterium  legionella  that  grows  best  in  slowmoving  or  still,  warm  water.  the  primary  route  of  exposure  is  through  the  creation  of  an  aerosol  effect,  most  commonly  from  evaporative  cooling  towers  or  showerheads.  a  common  source  of  legionella  in  commercial  buildings  is  from  poorly  placed  or  maintained  evaporative  cooling  towers,  which  often  release  water  in  an  aerosol  which  may  enter  nearby  ventilation  intakes.  outbreaks  in  medical  facilities  and
__label__environmentmonitoring nursing  homes,  where  patients  are  immunosuppressed  and  immunoweak,  are  the  most  commonly  reported  cases  of  legionellosis.  more  than  one  case  has  involved  outdoor  fountains  in  public  attractions.  the  presence  of  legionella  in  commercial  building  water  supplies  is  highly  underreported,  as  healthy  people  require  heavy  exposure  to  acquire  infection.legionella  testing  typically  involves  collecting  water  samples  and  surface  swabs  from  evaporative  cooling  basins,  shower  heads,  faucets/taps,  and  other  locations  where  warm  water  collects.  the  samples  are  then  cultured  and  colony  forming  units  cfu  of  legionella  are  quantified  as  cfu/liter.legionella  is  a  parasite  of  protozoans  such  as  amoeba,  and  thus  requires  conditions  suitable
__label__environmentmonitoring for  both  organisms.  the  bacterium  forms  a  biofilm  which  is  resistant  to  chemical  and  antimicrobial  treatments,  including  chlorine.  remediation  for  legionella  outbreaks  in  commercial  buildings  vary,  but  often  include  very  hot  water  flushes  160  f;  70  c,  sterilisation  of  standing  water  in  evaporative  cooling  basins,  replacement  of  shower  heads,  and  in  some  cases  flushes  of  heavy  metal  salts.  preventative  measures  include  adjusting  normal  hot  water  levels  to  allow  for  120  f  50  c  at  the  tap,  evaluating  facility  design  layout,  removing  faucet  aerators,  and  periodic  testing  in  suspect  areas.  other  bacteria  there  are  many  bacteria  of  health  significance  found  in
__label__environmentmonitoring indoor  air  and  on  indoor  surfaces.  the  role  of  microbes  in  the  indoor  environment  is  increasingly  studied  using  modern  genebased  analysis  of  environmental  samples.  currently  efforts  are  under  way  to  link  microbial  ecologists  and  indoor  air  scientists  to  forge  new  methods  for  analysis  and  to  better  interpret  the  results.there  are  approximately  ten  times  as  many  bacterial  cells  in  the  human  flora  as  there  are  human  cells  in  the  body,  with  large  numbers  of  bacteria  on  the  skin  and  as  gut  flora.  a  large  fraction  of  the  bacteria  found  in  indoor  air  and  dust  are  shed  from  humans.  among  the  most
__label__environmentmonitoring important  bacteria  known  to  occur  in  indoor  air  are  mycobacterium  tuberculosis,  staphylococcus  aureus,  streptococcus  pneumoniae.  asbestos  fibers  many  common  building  materials  used  before  1975  contain  asbestos,  such  as  some  floor  tiles,  ceiling  tiles,  shingles,  fireproofing,  heating  systems,  pipe  wrap,  taping  muds,  mastics,  and  other  insulation  materials.  normally,  significant  releases  of  asbestos  fiber  do  not  occur  unless  the  building  materials  are  disturbed,  such  as  by  cutting,  sanding,  drilling,  or  building  remodelling.  removal  of  asbestoscontaining  materials  is  not  always  optimal  because  the  fibers  can  be  spread  into  the  air  during  the  removal  process.  a  management  program  for  intact  asbestoscontaining  materials  is  often
__label__environmentmonitoring recommended  instead.when  asbestoscontaining  material  is  damaged  or  disintegrates,  microscopic  fibers  are  dispersed  into  the  air.  inhalation  of  asbestos  fibers  over  long  exposure  times  is  associated  with  increased  incidence  of  lung  cancer,  in  particular  the  specific  form  mesothelioma.  the  risk  of  lung  cancer  from  inhaling  asbestos  fibers  is  significantly  greater  to  smokers,  however  there  is  no  confirmed  connection  to  damage  caused  by  asbestosis  .  the  symptoms  of  the  disease  do  not  usually  appear  until  about  20  to  30  years  after  the  first  exposure  to  asbestos.asbestos  is  found  in  older  homes  and  buildings,  but  occurs  most  commonly  in  schools,  hospitals  and  industrial
__label__environmentmonitoring settings.  although  all  asbestos  is  hazardous,  products  that  are  friable,  eg.  sprayed  coatings  and  insulation,  pose  a  significantly  higher  hazard  as  they  are  more  likely  to  release  fibers  to  the  air.  the  us  federal  government  and  some  states  have  set  standards  for  acceptable  levels  of  asbestos  fibers  in  indoor  air.  there  are  particularly  stringent  regulations  applicable  to  schools.  carbon  dioxide  carbon  dioxide  co2  is  a  relatively  easy  to  measure  surrogate  for  indoor  pollutants  emitted  by  humans,  and  correlates  with  human  metabolic  activity.  carbon  dioxide  at  levels  that  are  unusually  high  indoors  may  cause  occupants  to  grow  drowsy,  to  get  headaches,
__label__environmentmonitoring or  to  function  at  lower  activity  levels.  outdoor  co2  levels  are  usually  350450  ppm  whereas  the  maximum  indoor  co2  level  considered  acceptable  is  1000  ppm.  humans  are  the  main  indoor  source  of  carbon  dioxide  in  most  buildings.  indoor  co2  levels  are  an  indicator  of  the  adequacy  of  outdoor  air  ventilation  relative  to  indoor  occupant  density  and  metabolic  activity.to  eliminate  most  complaints,  the  total  indoor  co2  level  should  be  reduced  to  a  difference  of  less  than  600  ppm  above  outdoor  levels.  the  national  institute  for  occupational  safety  and  health  niosh  considers  that  indoor  air  concentrations  of  carbon  dioxide  that  exceed  1,000
__label__environmentmonitoring ppm  are  a  marker  suggesting  inadequate  ventilation.  the  uk  standards  for  schools  say  that  carbon  dioxide  in  all  teaching  and  learning  spaces,  when  measured  at  seated  head  height  and  averaged  over  the  whole  day  should  not  exceed  1,500  ppm.  the  whole  day  refers  to  normal  school  hours  i.e.  9:00am  to  3:30pm  and  includes  unoccupied  periods  such  as  lunch  breaks.  in  hong  kong,  the  epd  established  indoor  air  quality  objectives  for  office  buildings  and  public  places  in  which  a  carbon  dioxide  level  below  1,000  ppm  is  considered  to  be  good.  european  standards  limit  carbon  dioxide  to  3,500  ppm.  osha  limits  carbon
__label__environmentmonitoring dioxide  concentration  in  the  workplace  to  5,000  ppm  for  prolonged  periods,  and  35,000  ppm  for  15  minutes.  these  higher  limits  are  concerned  with  avoiding  loss  of  consciousness  fainting,  and  do  not  address  impaired  cognitive  performance  and  energy,  which  begin  to  occur  at  lower  concentrations  of  carbon  dioxide.  given  the  well  established  roles  of  oxygen  sensing  pathways  in  cancer  and  the  acidosis  independent  role  of  carbon  dioxide  in  modulating  immune  and  inflammation  linking  pathways,  it  has  been  suggested  that  the  effects  of  longterm  indoor  inspired  elevated  carbon  dioxide  levels  on  the  modulation  of  carcinogenesis  be  investigated.carbon  dioxide  concentrations  increase  as  a
__label__environmentmonitoring result  of  human  occupancy,  but  lag  in  time  behind  cumulative  occupancy  and  intake  of  fresh  air.  the  lower  the  air  exchange  rate,  the  slower  the  buildup  of  carbon  dioxide  to  quasi  steady  state  concentrations  on  which  the  niosh  and  uk  guidance  are  based.  therefore,  measurements  of  carbon  dioxide  for  purposes  of  assessing  the  adequacy  of  ventilation  need  to  be  made  after  an  extended  period  of  steady  occupancy  and  ventilation  in  schools  at  least  2  hours,  and  in  offices  at  least  3  hours  for  concentrations  to  be  a  reasonable  indicator  of  ventilation  adequacy.  portable  instruments  used  to  measure  carbon  dioxide  should
__label__environmentmonitoring be  calibrated  frequently,  and  outdoor  measurements  used  for  calculations  should  be  made  close  in  time  to  indoor  measurements.  corrections  for  temperature  effects  on  measurements  made  outdoors  may  also  be  necessary.carbon  dioxide  concentrations  in  closed  or  confined  rooms  can  increase  to  1,000  ppm  within  45  minutes  of  enclosure.  for  example,  in  a  3.5by4metre  11  ft  13  ft  sized  office,  atmospheric  carbon  dioxide  increased  from  500  ppm  to  over  1,000  ppm  within  45  minutes  of  ventilation  cessation  and  closure  of  windows  and  doors  ozone  ozone  is  produced  by  ultraviolet  light  from  the  sun  hitting  the  earths  atmosphere  especially  in  the  ozone  layer,
__label__environmentmonitoring lightning,  certain  highvoltage  electric  devices  such  as  air  ionizers,  and  as  a  byproduct  of  other  types  of  pollution.ozone  exists  in  greater  concentrations  at  altitudes  commonly  flown  by  passenger  jets.  reactions  between  ozone  and  onboard  substances,  including  skin  oils  and  cosmetics,  can  produce  toxic  chemicals  as  byproducts.  ozone  itself  is  also  irritating  to  lung  tissue  and  harmful  to  human  health.  larger  jets  have  ozone  filters  to  reduce  the  cabin  concentration  to  safer  and  more  comfortable  levels.outdoor  air  used  for  ventilation  may  have  sufficient  ozone  to  react  with  common  indoor  pollutants  as  well  as  skin  oils  and  other  common  indoor  air  chemicals
__label__environmentmonitoring or  surfaces.  particular  concern  is  warranted  when  using  green  cleaning  products  based  on  citrus  or  terpene  extracts,  because  these  chemicals  react  very  quickly  with  ozone  to  form  toxic  and  irritating  chemicals  as  well  as  fine  and  ultrafine  particles.  ventilation  with  outdoor  air  containing  elevated  ozone  concentrations  may  complicate  remediation  attempts.ozone  is  on  the  list  of  six  criteria  air  pollutant  list.  the  clean  air  act  of  1990  required  the  united  states  environmental  protection  agency  to  set  national  ambient  air  quality  standards  naaqs  for  six  common  indoor  air  pollutants  harmful  to  human  health.  there  are  also  multiple  other  organizations  that  have  put
__label__environmentmonitoring forth  air  standards  such  as  occupational  safety  and  health  administration  osha,  national  institute  for  occupational  safety  and  health  niosh,  and  the  world  health  organization  who.  the  osha  standard  for  ozone  concentration  within  a  space  is  0.1  ppm.  while  the  naaqs  and  the  epa  standard  for  ozone  concentration  is  limited  to  0.07  ppm.  the  type  of  ozone  being  regulated  is  groundlevel  ozone  that  is  within  the  breathing  range  of  most  building  occupants  particulates  atmospheric  particulate  matter,  also  known  as  particulates,  can  be  found  indoors  and  can  affect  the  health  of  occupants.  authorities  have  established  standards  for  the  maximum  concentration  of  particulates
__label__environmentmonitoring to  ensure  indoor  air  quality.  prompt  cognitive  deficits  in  2015,  experimental  studies  reported  the  detection  of  significant  episodic  situational  cognitive  impairment  from  impurities  in  the  air  breathed  by  test  subjects  who  were  not  informed  about  changes  in  the  air  quality.  researchers  at  the  harvard  university  and  suny  upstate  medical  university  and  syracuse  university  measured  the  cognitive  performance  of  24  participants  in  three  different  controlled  laboratory  atmospheres  that  simulated  those  found  in  conventional  and  green  buildings,  as  well  as  green  buildings  with  enhanced  ventilation.  performance  was  evaluated  objectively  using  the  widely  used  strategic  management  simulation  software  simulation  tool,  which  is  a
__label__environmentmonitoring wellvalidated  assessment  test  for  executive  decisionmaking  in  an  unconstrained  situation  allowing  initiative  and  improvisation.  significant  deficits  were  observed  in  the  performance  scores  achieved  in  increasing  concentrations  of  either  vocs  or  carbon  dioxide,  while  keeping  other  factors  constant.  the  highest  impurity  levels  reached  are  not  uncommon  in  some  classroom  or  office  environments.  effect  of  indoor  plants  houseplants  together  with  the  medium  in  which  they  are  grown  can  reduce  components  of  indoor  air  pollution,  particularly  volatile  organic  compounds  voc  such  as  benzene,  toluene,  and  xylene.  plants  remove  co2  and  release  oxygen  and  water,  although  the  quantitative  impact  for  house  plants  is  small.
__label__environmentmonitoring most  of  the  effect  is  attributed  to  the  growing  medium  alone,  but  even  this  effect  has  finite  limits  associated  with  the  type  and  quantity  of  medium  and  the  flow  of  air  through  the  medium.  the  effect  of  house  plants  on  voc  concentrations  was  investigated  in  one  study,  done  in  a  static  chamber,  by  nasa  for  possible  use  in  space  colonies.  the  results  showed  that  the  removal  of  the  challenge  chemicals  was  roughly  equivalent  to  that  provided  by  the  ventilation  that  occurred  in  a  very  energy  efficient  dwelling  with  a  very  low  ventilation  rate,  an  air  exchange  rate  of  about  1/10
__label__environmentmonitoring per  hour.  therefore,  air  leakage  in  most  homes,  and  in  nonresidential  buildings  too,  will  generally  remove  the  chemicals  faster  than  the  researchers  reported  for  the  plants  tested  by  nasa.  the  most  effective  household  plants  reportedly  included  aloe  vera,  english  ivy,  and  boston  fern  for  removing  chemicals  and  biological  compounds.plants  also  appear  to  reduce  airborne  microbes  and  molds,  and  to  increase  humidity.  however,  the  increased  humidity  can  itself  lead  to  increased  levels  of  mold  and  even  vocs.when  carbon  dioxide  concentrations  are  elevated  indoors  relative  to  outdoor  concentrations,  it  is  only  an  indicator  that  ventilation  is  inadequate  to  remove  metabolic  products  associated
__label__environmentmonitoring with  human  occupancy.  plants  require  carbon  dioxide  to  grow  and  release  oxygen  when  they  consume  carbon  dioxide.  a  study  published  in  the  journal  environmental  science  technology  considered  uptake  rates  of  ketones  and  aldehydes  by  the  peace  lily  spathiphyllum  clevelandii  and  golden  pothos  epipremnum  aureum  akira  tani  and  c.  nicholas  hewitt  found  longerterm  fumigation  results  revealed  that  the  total  uptake  amounts  were  30100  times  as  much  as  the  amounts  dissolved  in  the  leaf,  suggesting  that  volatile  organic  carbons  are  metabolized  in  the  leaf  and/or  translocated  through  the  petiole.  it  is  worth  noting  the  researchers  sealed  the  plants  in  teflon  bags.  no
__label__environmentmonitoring voc  loss  was  detected  from  the  bag  when  the  plants  were  absent.  however,  when  the  plants  were  in  the  bag,  the  levels  of  aldehydes  and  ketones  both  decreased  slowly  but  continuously,  indicating  removal  by  the  plants.  studies  done  in  sealed  bags  do  not  faithfully  reproduce  the  conditions  in  the  indoor  environments  of  interest.  dynamic  conditions  with  outdoor  air  ventilation  and  the  processes  related  to  the  surfaces  of  the  building  itself  and  its  contents  as  well  as  the  occupants  need  to  be  studied.while  results  do  indicate  house  plants  may  be  effective  at  removing  some  vocs  from  air  supplies,  a  review  of
__label__environmentmonitoring studies  between  1989  and  2006  on  the  performance  of  houseplants  as  air  cleaners,  presented  at  the  healthy  buildings  2009  conference  in  syracuse,  new  york,  concluded  ...indoor  plants  have  little,  if  any,  benefit  for  removing  indoor  air  of  voc  in  residential  and  commercial  buildings.  this  conclusion  was  based  on  a  trial  involving  an  unknown  quantity  of  indoor  plants  kept  in  an  uncontrolled  ventilated  air  environment  of  an  arbitrary  office  building  in  arlington,  virginia.since  extremely  high  humidity  is  associated  with  increased  mold  growth,  allergic  responses,  and  respiratory  responses,  the  presence  of  additional  moisture  from  houseplants  may  not  be  desirable  in  all  indoor
__label__environmentmonitoring settings  if  watering  is  done  inappropriately.  hvac  design  environmentally  sustainable  design  concepts  also  include  aspects  related  to  the  commercial  and  residential  heating,  ventilation  and  airconditioning  hvac  industry.  among  several  considerations,  one  of  the  topics  attended  to  is  the  issue  of  indoor  air  quality  throughout  the  design  and  construction  stages  of  a  buildings  life.one  technique  to  reduce  energy  consumption  while  maintaining  adequate  air  quality,  is  demandcontrolled  ventilation.  instead  of  setting  throughput  at  a  fixed  air  replacement  rate,  carbon  dioxide  sensors  are  used  to  control  the  rate  dynamically,  based  on  the  emissions  of  actual  building  occupants.for  the  past  several  years,  there  have
__label__environmentmonitoring been  many  debates  among  indoor  air  quality  specialists  about  the  proper  definition  of  indoor  air  quality  and  specifically  what  constitutes  acceptable  indoor  air  quality.one  way  of  quantitatively  ensuring  the  health  of  indoor  air  is  by  the  frequency  of  effective  turnover  of  interior  air  by  replacement  with  outside  air.  in  the  uk,  for  example,  classrooms  are  required  to  have  2.5  outdoor  air  changes  per  hour.  in  halls,  gym,  dining,  and  physiotherapy  spaces,  the  ventilation  should  be  sufficient  to  limit  carbon  dioxide  to  1,500  ppm.  in  the  usa,  and  according  to  ashrae  standards,  ventilation  in  classrooms  is  based  on  the  amount  of
__label__environmentmonitoring outdoor  air  per  occupant  plus  the  amount  of  outdoor  air  per  unit  of  floor  area,  not  air  changes  per  hour.  since  carbon  dioxide  indoors  comes  from  occupants  and  outdoor  air,  the  adequacy  of  ventilation  per  occupant  is  indicated  by  the  concentration  indoors  minus  the  concentration  outdoors.  the  value  of  615  ppm  above  the  outdoor  concentration  indicates  approximately  15  cubic  feet  per  minute  of  outdoor  air  per  adult  occupant  doing  sedentary  office  work  where  outdoor  air  contains  385  ppm,  the  current  global  average  atmospheric  co2  concentration.  in  classrooms,  the  requirements  in  the  ashrae  standard  62.1,  ventilation  for  acceptable  indoor  air  quality,
__label__environmentmonitoring would  typically  result  in  about  3  air  changes  per  hour,  depending  on  the  occupant  density.  of  course  the  occupants  are  not  the  only  source  of  pollutants,  so  outdoor  air  ventilation  may  need  to  be  higher  when  unusual  or  strong  sources  of  pollution  exist  indoors.  when  outdoor  air  is  polluted,  then  bringing  in  more  outdoor  air  can  actually  worsen  the  overall  quality  of  the  indoor  air  and  exacerbate  some  occupant  symptoms  related  to  outdoor  air  pollution.  generally,  outdoor  country  air  is  better  than  indoor  city  air.  exhaust  gas  leakages  can  occur  from  furnace  metal  exhaust  pipes  that  lead  to  the  chimney
__label__environmentmonitoring when  there  are  leaks  in  the  pipe  and  the  pipe  gas  flow  area  diameter  has  been  reduced.the  use  of  air  filters  can  trap  some  of  the  air  pollutants.  the  department  of  energys  energy  efficiency  and  renewable  energy  section  suggests  that  air  filtration  should  have  a  minimum  efficiency  reporting  value  merv  of  13  as  determined  by  ashrae  52.21999.  air  filters  are  used  to  reduce  the  amount  of  dust  that  reaches  the  wet  coils.  dust  can  serve  as  food  to  grow  molds  on  the  wet  coils  and  ducts  and  can  reduce  the  efficiency  of  the  coils.moisture  management  and  humidity  control  requires  operating
__label__environmentmonitoring hvac  systems  as  designed.  moisture  management  and  humidity  control  may  conflict  with  efforts  to  try  to  optimize  the  operation  to  conserve  energy.  for  example,  moisture  management  and  humidity  control  requires  systems  to  be  set  to  supply  makeup  air  at  lower  temperatures  design  levels,  instead  of  the  higher  temperatures  sometimes  used  to  conserve  energy  in  coolingdominated  climate  conditions.  however,  for  most  of  the  us  and  many  parts  of  europe  and  japan,  during  the  majority  of  hours  of  the  year,  outdoor  air  temperatures  are  cool  enough  that  the  air  does  not  need  further  cooling  to  provide  thermal  comfort  indoors.  however,  high  humidity
__label__environmentmonitoring outdoors  creates  the  need  for  careful  attention  to  humidity  levels  indoors.  high  humidities  give  rise  to  mold  growth  and  moisture  indoors  is  associated  with  a  higher  prevalence  of  occupant  respiratory  problems.the  dew  point  temperature  is  an  absolute  measure  of  the  moisture  in  air.  some  facilities  are  being  designed  with  the  design  dew  points  in  the  lower  50s  f,  and  some  in  the  upper  and  lower  40s  f.  some  facilities  are  being  designed  using  desiccant  wheels  with  gasfired  heaters  to  dry  out  the  wheel  enough  to  get  the  required  dew  points.  on  those  systems,  after  the  moisture  is  removed  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring makeup  air,  a  cooling  coil  is  used  to  lower  the  temperature  to  the  desired  level.commercial  buildings,  and  sometimes  residential,  are  often  kept  under  slightly  positive  air  pressure  relative  to  the  outdoors  to  reduce  infiltration.  limiting  infiltration  helps  with  moisture  management  and  humidity  control.dilution  of  indoor  pollutants  with  outdoor  air  is  effective  to  the  extent  that  outdoor  air  is  free  of  harmful  pollutants.  ozone  in  outdoor  air  occurs  indoors  at  reduced  concentrations  because  ozone  is  highly  reactive  with  many  chemicals  found  indoors.  the  products  of  the  reactions  between  ozone  and  many  common  indoor  pollutants  include  organic  compounds  that  may  be  more
__label__environmentmonitoring odorous,  irritating,  or  toxic  than  those  from  which  they  are  formed.  these  products  of  ozone  chemistry  include  formaldehyde,  higher  molecular  weight  aldehydes,  acidic  aerosols,  and  fine  and  ultrafine  particles,  among  others.  the  higher  the  outdoor  ventilation  rate,  the  higher  the  indoor  ozone  concentration  and  the  more  likely  the  reactions  will  occur,  but  even  at  low  levels,  the  reactions  will  take  place.  this  suggests  that  ozone  should  be  removed  from  ventilation  air,  especially  in  areas  where  outdoor  ozone  levels  are  frequently  high.  recent  research  has  shown  that  mortality  and  morbidity  increase  in  the  general  population  during  periods  of  higher  outdoor  ozone
__label__environmentmonitoring and  that  the  threshold  for  this  effect  is  around  20  parts  per  billion  ppb.  building  ecology  it  is  common  to  assume  that  buildings  are  simply  inanimate  physical  entities,  relatively  stable  over  time.  this  implies  that  there  is  little  interaction  between  the  triad  of  the  building,  what  is  in  it  occupants  and  contents,  and  what  is  around  it  the  larger  environment.  we  commonly  see  the  overwhelming  majority  of  the  mass  of  material  in  a  building  as  relatively  unchanged  physical  material  over  time.  in  fact,  the  true  nature  of  buildings  can  be  viewed  as  the  result  of  a  complex  set  of  dynamic
__label__environmentmonitoring interactions  among  their  physical,  chemical,  and  biological  dimensions.  buildings  can  be  described  and  understood  as  complex  systems.  research  applying  the  approaches  ecologists  use  to  the  understanding  of  ecosystems  can  help  increase  our  understanding.  building  ecology  is  proposed  here  as  the  application  of  those  approaches  to  the  built  environment  considering  the  dynamic  system  of  buildings,  their  occupants,  and  the  larger  environment.buildings  constantly  evolve  as  a  result  of  the  changes  in  the  environment  around  them  as  well  as  the  occupants,  materials,  and  activities  within  them.  the  various  surfaces  and  the  air  inside  a  building  are  constantly  interacting,  and  this  interaction  results  in
__label__environmentmonitoring changes  in  each.  for  example,  we  may  see  a  window  as  changing  slightly  over  time  as  it  becomes  dirty,  then  is  cleaned,  accumulates  dirt  again,  is  cleaned  again,  and  so  on  through  its  life.  in  fact,  the  dirt  we  see  may  be  evolving  as  a  result  of  the  interactions  among  the  moisture,  chemicals,  and  biological  materials  found  there.buildings  are  designed  or  intended  to  respond  actively  to  some  of  these  changes  in  and  around  them  with  heating,  cooling,  ventilating,  air  cleaning  or  illuminating  systems.  we  clean,  sanitize,  and  maintain  surfaces  to  enhance  their  appearance,  performance,  or  longevity.  in  other  cases,  such
__label__environmentmonitoring changes  subtly  or  even  dramatically  alter  buildings  in  ways  that  may  be  important  to  their  own  integrity  or  their  impact  on  building  occupants  through  the  evolution  of  the  physical,  chemical,  and  biological  processes  that  define  them  at  any  time.  we  may  find  it  useful  to  combine  the  tools  of  the  physical  sciences  with  those  of  the  biological  sciences  and,  especially,  some  of  the  approaches  used  by  scientists  studying  ecosystems,  in  order  to  gain  an  enhanced  understanding  of  the  environments  in  which  we  spend  the  majority  of  our  time,  our  buildings.building  ecology  was  first  described  by  hal  levin  in  an  article
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  april  1981  issue  of  progressive  architecture  magazine.  institutional  programs  the  topic  of  iaq  has  become  popular  due  to  the  greater  awareness  of  health  problems  caused  by  mold  and  triggers  to  asthma  and  allergies.  in  the  us,  awareness  has  also  been  increased  by  the  involvement  of  the  united  states  environmental  protection  agency,  who  have  developed  an  iaq  tools  for  schools  program  to  help  improve  the  indoor  environmental  conditions  in  educational  institutions  see  external  link  below.  the  national  institute  for  occupational  safety  and  health  conducts  health  hazard  evaluations  hhes  in  workplaces  at  the  request  of  employees,  authorised  representative  of  employees,
__label__environmentmonitoring or  employers,  to  determine  whether  any  substance  normally  found  in  the  place  of  employment  has  potentially  toxic  effects,  including  indoor  air  quality.a  variety  of  scientists  work  in  the  field  of  indoor  air  quality  including  chemists,  physicists,  mechanical  engineers,  biologists,  bacteriologists  and  computer  scientists.  some  of  these  professionals  are  certified  by  organisations  such  as  the  american  industrial  hygiene  association,  the  american  indoor  air  quality  council  and  the  indoor  environmental  air  quality  council.  of  note,  a  new  european  scientific  network  is  now  addressing  indoor  air  pollution  under  cost  support  ca17136.  their  findings  are  routinely  updated  on  their  website.on  the  international  level,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring international  society  of  indoor  air  quality  and  climate  isiaq,  formed  in  1991,  organises  two  major  conferences,  the  indoor  air  and  the  healthy  buildings  series.  isiaqs  journal  indoor  air  is  published  6  times  a  year  and  contains  peerreviewed  scientific  papers  with  an  emphasis  on  interdisciplinary  studies  including  exposure  measurements,  modeling,  and  health  outcomes.  see  also  environmental  managementindoor  air  pollution  in  developing  nationsindoor  bioaerosolmicrobiomes  of  the  built  environmentolfactory  fatiguephase  i  environmental  site  assessment  notes  references  monographs  may,  jeffrey  c.;  connie  l.  may;  ouellette,  john  j.;  reed,  charles  e.  2004.  the  mold  survival  guide  for  your  home  and  for  your  health.  baltimore:  johns
__label__environmentmonitoring hopkins  university  press.  isbn  9780801879388.may,  jeffrey  c.  2001.  my  house  is  killing  me  :  the  home  guide  for  families  with  allergies  and  asthma.  baltimore:  the  johns  hopkins  university  press.  isbn  9780801867309.may,  jeffrey  c.  2006.  my  office  is  killing  me  :  the  sick  building  survival  guide.  baltimore:  the  johns  hopkins  university  press.  isbn  9780801883422.salthammer,  t.,  ed.  1999.  organic  indoor  air  pollutants  occurrence,  measurement,  evaluation.  wileyvch.  isbn  9783527296224.spengler,  j.d.;  samet,  j.m.  1991.  indoor  air  pollution:  a  health  perspective.  baltimore:  johns  hopkins  university  press.  isbn  9780801841255.spengler,  j.d.;  samet,  j.m.;  mccarthy,  j.f.  2001.  indoor  air  quality  handbook.  ny:  mcgrawhill.  isbn  9780074455494.tichenor,  b.  1996.  characterizing
__label__environmentmonitoring sources  of  indoor  air  pollution  and  related  sink  effects.  astm  stp  1287.  west  conshohocken,  pa:  astm.  isbn  9780803120303.  articles,  radio  segments,  web  pages  apte,  mg,  et  al.,  outdoor  ozone  and  building  related  symptoms  in  the  base  study,  indoor  air,  2008  apr;182:15670,  cited  by:  national  center  for  biotechnology  information,  nih.gov.bad  inflight  air  exacerbated  by  passengers,  talk  of  the  nation,  national  public  radio,  september  21,  2007.indoor  air  pollution  index  page,  united  states  environmental  protection  agency.steinemann,  anne  2017.  ten  questions  concerning  air  fresheners  and  indoor  built  environments.  building  and  environment.  111:  279284.  doi:10.1016/j.buildenv.2016.11.009.  external  links  us  environmental  protection  agency  info  on  iaq
__label__environmentmonitoring heating,  ventilation,  and  air  conditioning  hvac  is  the  technology  of  indoor  and  vehicular  environmental  comfort.  its  goal  is  to  provide  thermal  comfort  and  acceptable  indoor  air  quality.  hvac  system  design  is  a  subdiscipline  of  mechanical  engineering,  based  on  the  principles  of  thermodynamics,  fluid  mechanics  and  heat  transfer.  refrigeration  is  sometimes  added  to  the  fields  abbreviation,  as  hvacr  or  hvacr  or  ventilation  is  dropped,  as  in  hacr  as  in  the  designation  of  hacrrated  circuit  breakers.hvac  is  an  important  part  of  residential  structures  such  as  single  family  homes,  apartment  buildings,  hotels  and  senior  living  facilities,  medium  to  large  industrial  and  office  buildings
__label__environmentmonitoring such  as  skyscrapers  and  hospitals,  vehicles  such  as  cars,  trains,  airplanes,  ships  and  submarines,  and  in  marine  environments,  where  safe  and  healthy  building  conditions  are  regulated  with  respect  to  temperature  and  humidity,  using  fresh  air  from  outdoors.ventilating  or  ventilation  the  v  in  hvac  is  the  process  of  exchanging  or  replacing  air  in  any  space  to  provide  high  indoor  air  quality  which  involves  temperature  control,  oxygen  replenishment,  and  removal  of  moisture,  odors,  smoke,  heat,  dust,  airborne  bacteria,  carbon  dioxide,  and  other  gases.  ventilation  removes  unpleasant  smells  and  excessive  moisture,  introduces  outside  air,  keeps  interior  building  air  circulating,  and  prevents  stagnation  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  interior  air.ventilation  includes  both  the  exchange  of  air  to  the  outside  as  well  as  circulation  of  air  within  the  building.  it  is  one  of  the  most  important  factors  for  maintaining  acceptable  indoor  air  quality  in  buildings.  methods  for  ventilating  a  building  may  be  divided  into  mechanical/forced  and  natural  types.  overview  the  three  major  functions  of  heating,  ventilation,  and  air  conditioning  are  interrelated,  especially  with  the  need  to  provide  thermal  comfort  and  acceptable  indoor  air  quality  within  reasonable  installation,  operation,  and  maintenance  costs.  hvac  systems  can  be  used  in  both  domestic  and  commercial  environments.  hvac  systems  can  provide  ventilation,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring maintain  pressure  relationships  between  spaces.  the  means  of  air  delivery  and  removal  from  spaces  is  known  as  room  air  distribution.  individual  systems  in  modern  buildings,  the  design,  installation,  and  control  systems  of  these  functions  are  integrated  into  one  or  more  hvac  systems.  for  very  small  buildings,  contractors  normally  estimate  the  capacity  and  type  of  system  needed  and  then  design  the  system,  selecting  the  appropriate  refrigerant  and  various  components  needed.  for  larger  buildings,  building  service  designers,  mechanical  engineers,  or  building  services  engineers  analyze,  design,  and  specify  the  hvac  systems.  specialty  mechanical  contractors  then  fabricate  and  commission  the  systems.  building  permits  and
__label__environmentmonitoring codecompliance  inspections  of  the  installations  are  normally  required  for  all  sizes  of  building.  district  networks  although  hvac  is  executed  in  individual  buildings  or  other  enclosed  spaces  like  norads  underground  headquarters,  the  equipment  involved  is  in  some  cases  an  extension  of  a  larger  district  heating  dh  or  district  cooling  dc  network,  or  a  combined  dhc  network.  in  such  cases,  the  operating  and  maintenance  aspects  are  simplified  and  metering  becomes  necessary  to  bill  for  the  energy  that  is  consumed,  and  in  some  cases  energy  that  is  returned  to  the  larger  system.  for  example,  at  a  given  time  one  building  may  be  utilizing
__label__environmentmonitoring chilled  water  for  air  conditioning  and  the  warm  water  it  returns  may  be  used  in  another  building  for  heating,  or  for  the  overall  heatingportion  of  the  dhc  network  likely  with  energy  added  to  boost  the  temperature.basing  hvac  on  a  larger  network  helps  provide  an  economy  of  scale  that  is  often  not  possible  for  individual  buildings,  for  utilizing  renewable  energy  sources  such  as  solar  heat,  winters  cold,  the  cooling  potential  in  some  places  of  lakes  or  seawater  for  free  cooling,  and  the  enabling  function  of  seasonal  thermal  energy  storage.  history  hvac  is  based  on  inventions  and  discoveries  made  by  nikolay  lvov,
__label__environmentmonitoring michael  faraday,  willis  carrier,  edwin  ruud,  reuben  trane,  james  joule,  william  rankine,  sadi  carnot,  and  many  others.multiple  inventions  within  this  time  frame  preceded  the  beginnings  of  first  comfort  air  conditioning  system,  which  was  designed  in  1902  by  alfred  wolff  cooper,  2003  for  the  new  york  stock  exchange,  while  willis  carrier  equipped  the  sackettswilhems  printing  company  with  the  process  ac  unit  the  same  year.  coyne  college  was  the  first  school  to  offer  hvac  training  in  1899.the  invention  of  the  components  of  hvac  systems  went  handinhand  with  the  industrial  revolution,  and  new  methods  of  modernization,  higher  efficiency,  and  system  control  are  constantly
__label__environmentmonitoring being  introduced  by  companies  and  inventors  worldwide.  heating  heaters  are  appliances  whose  purpose  is  to  generate  heat  i.e.  warmth  for  the  building.  this  can  be  done  via  central  heating.  such  a  system  contains  a  boiler,  furnace,  or  heat  pump  to  heat  water,  steam,  or  air  in  a  central  location  such  as  a  furnace  room  in  a  home,  or  a  mechanical  room  in  a  large  building.  the  heat  can  be  transferred  by  convection,  conduction,  or  radiation.  generation  heaters  exist  for  various  types  of  fuel,  including  solid  fuels,  liquids,  and  gases.  another  type  of  heat  source  is  electricity,  normally  heating  ribbons  composed
__label__environmentmonitoring of  high  resistance  wire  see  nichrome.  this  principle  is  also  used  for  baseboard  heaters  and  portable  heaters.  electrical  heaters  are  often  used  as  backup  or  supplemental  heat  for  heat  pump  systems.the  heat  pump  gained  popularity  in  the  1950s  in  japan  and  the  united  states.  heat  pumps  can  extract  heat  from  various  sources,  such  as  environmental  air,  exhaust  air  from  a  building,  or  from  the  ground.  heat  pumps  transfer  heat  from  outside  the  structure  into  the  air  inside.  initially,  heat  pump  hvac  systems  were  only  used  in  moderate  climates,  but  with  improvements  in  low  temperature  operation  and  reduced  loads  due  to
__label__environmentmonitoring more  efficient  homes,  they  are  increasing  in  popularity  in  cooler  climates.  distribution  water/steam  in  the  case  of  heated  water  or  steam,  piping  is  used  to  transport  the  heat  to  the  rooms.  most  modern  hot  water  boiler  heating  systems  have  a  circulator,  which  is  a  pump,  to  move  hot  water  through  the  distribution  system  as  opposed  to  older  gravityfed  systems.  the  heat  can  be  transferred  to  the  surrounding  air  using  radiators,  hot  water  coils  hydroair,  or  other  heat  exchangers.  the  radiators  may  be  mounted  on  walls  or  installed  within  the  floor  to  produce  floor  heat.the  use  of  water  as  the  heat
__label__environmentmonitoring transfer  medium  is  known  as  hydronics.  the  heated  water  can  also  supply  an  auxiliary  heat  exchanger  to  supply  hot  water  for  bathing  and  washing.  air  warm  air  systems  distribute  heated  air  through  duct  work  systems  of  supply  and  return  air  through  metal  or  fiberglass  ducts.  many  systems  use  the  same  ducts  to  distribute  air  cooled  by  an  evaporator  coil  for  air  conditioning.  the  air  supply  is  normally  filtered  through  air  cleaners  to  remove  dust  and  pollen  particles.  dangers  the  use  of  furnaces,  space  heaters,  and  boilers  as  a  method  of  indoor  heating  could  result  in  incomplete  combustion  and  the  emission
__label__environmentmonitoring of  carbon  monoxide,  nitrogen  oxides,  formaldehyde,  volatile  organic  compounds,  and  other  combustion  byproducts.  incomplete  combustion  occurs  when  there  is  insufficient  oxygen;  the  inputs  are  fuels  containing  various  contaminants  and  the  outputs  are  harmful  byproducts,  most  dangerously  carbon  monoxide,  which  is  a  tasteless  and  odorless  gas  with  serious  adverse  health  effects.without  proper  ventilation,  carbon  monoxide  can  be  lethal  at  concentrations  of  1000  ppm  0.1.  however,  at  several  hundred  ppm,  carbon  monoxide  exposure  induces  headaches,  fatigue,  nausea,  and  vomiting.  carbon  monoxide  binds  with  hemoglobin  in  the  blood,  forming  carboxyhemoglobin,  reducing  the  bloods  ability  to  transport  oxygen.  the  primary  health  concerns  associated  with
__label__environmentmonitoring carbon  monoxide  exposure  are  its  cardiovascular  and  neurobehavioral  effects.  carbon  monoxide  can  cause  atherosclerosis  the  hardening  of  arteries  and  can  also  trigger  heart  attacks.  neurologically,  carbon  monoxide  exposure  reduces  hand  to  eye  coordination,  vigilance,  and  continuous  performance.  it  can  also  affect  time  discrimination.  ventilation  ventilation  is  the  process  of  changing  or  replacing  air  in  any  space  to  control  temperature  or  remove  any  combination  of  moisture,  odors,  smoke,  heat,  dust,  airborne  bacteria,  or  carbon  dioxide,  and  to  replenish  oxygen.  ventilation  includes  both  the  exchange  of  air  with  the  outside  as  well  as  circulation  of  air  within  the  building.  it  is  one
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  most  important  factors  for  maintaining  acceptable  indoor  air  quality  in  buildings.  methods  for  ventilating  a  building  may  be  divided  into  mechanical/forced  and  natural  types.  mechanical  or  forced  ventilation  mechanical,  or  forced,  ventilation  is  provided  by  an  air  handler  ahu  and  used  to  control  indoor  air  quality.  excess  humidity,  odors,  and  contaminants  can  often  be  controlled  via  dilution  or  replacement  with  outside  air.  however,  in  humid  climates  more  energy  is  required  to  remove  excess  moisture  from  ventilation  air.kitchens  and  bathrooms  typically  have  mechanical  exhausts  to  control  odors  and  sometimes  humidity.  factors  in  the  design  of  such  systems  include  the
__label__environmentmonitoring flow  rate  which  is  a  function  of  the  fan  speed  and  exhaust  vent  size  and  noise  level.  direct  drive  fans  are  available  for  many  applications,  and  can  reduce  maintenance  needs.ceiling  fans  and  table/floor  fans  circulate  air  within  a  room  for  the  purpose  of  reducing  the  perceived  temperature  by  increasing  evaporation  of  perspiration  on  the  skin  of  the  occupants.  because  hot  air  rises,  ceiling  fans  may  be  used  to  keep  a  room  warmer  in  the  winter  by  circulating  the  warm  stratified  air  from  the  ceiling  to  the  floor.  natural  ventilation  natural  ventilation  is  the  ventilation  of  a  building  with  outside  air
__label__environmentmonitoring without  using  fans  or  other  mechanical  systems.  it  can  be  via  operable  windows,  louvers,  or  trickle  vents  when  spaces  are  small  and  the  architecture  permits.  in  more  complex  schemes,  warm  air  is  allowed  to  rise  and  flow  out  high  building  openings  to  the  outside  stack  effect,  causing  cool  outside  air  to  be  drawn  into  low  building  openings.  natural  ventilation  schemes  can  use  very  little  energy,  but  care  must  be  taken  to  ensure  comfort.  in  warm  or  humid  climates,  maintaining  thermal  comfort  solely  via  natural  ventilation  might  not  be  possible.  air  conditioning  systems  are  used,  either  as  backups  or  supplements.  airside
__label__environmentmonitoring economizers  also  use  outside  air  to  condition  spaces,  but  do  so  using  fans,  ducts,  dampers,  and  control  systems  to  introduce  and  distribute  cool  outdoor  air  when  appropriate.an  important  component  of  natural  ventilation  is  air  change  rate  or  air  changes  per  hour:  the  hourly  rate  of  ventilation  divided  by  the  volume  of  the  space.  for  example,  six  air  changes  per  hour  means  an  amount  of  new  air,  equal  to  the  volume  of  the  space,  is  added  every  ten  minutes.  for  human  comfort,  a  minimum  of  four  air  changes  per  hour  is  typical,  though  warehouses  might  have  only  two.  too  high  of
__label__environmentmonitoring an  air  change  rate  may  be  uncomfortable,  akin  to  a  wind  tunnel  which  have  thousands  of  changes  per  hour.  the  highest  air  change  rates  are  for  crowded  spaces,  bars,  night  clubs,  commercial  kitchens  at  around  30  to  50  air  changes  per  hour.room  pressure  can  be  either  positive  or  negative  with  respect  to  outside  the  room.  positive  pressure  occurs  when  there  is  more  air  being  supplied  than  exhausted,  and  is  common  to  reduce  the  infiltration  of  outside  contaminants.  airborne  diseases  natural  ventilation  is  a  key  factor  in  reducing  the  spread  of  airborne  illnesses  such  as  tuberculosis,  the  common  cold,  influenza  and
__label__environmentmonitoring meningitis.  opening  doors,  windows,  and  using  ceiling  fans  are  all  ways  to  maximize  natural  ventilation  and  reduce  the  risk  of  airborne  contagion.  natural  ventilation  requires  little  maintenance  and  is  inexpensive.  air  conditioning  an  air  conditioning  system,  or  a  standalone  air  conditioner,  provides  cooling  and  humidity  control  for  all  or  part  of  a  building.  air  conditioned  buildings  often  have  sealed  windows,  because  open  windows  would  work  against  the  system  intended  to  maintain  constant  indoor  air  conditions.  outside,  fresh  air  is  generally  drawn  into  the  system  by  a  vent  into  the  indoor  heat  exchanger  section,  creating  positive  air  pressure.  the  percentage  of
__label__environmentmonitoring return  air  made  up  of  fresh  air  can  usually  be  manipulated  by  adjusting  the  opening  of  this  vent.  typical  fresh  air  intake  is  about  10.air  conditioning  and  refrigeration  are  provided  through  the  removal  of  heat.  heat  can  be  removed  through  radiation,  convection,  or  conduction.  refrigeration  conduction  media  such  as  water,  air,  ice,  and  chemicals  are  referred  to  as  refrigerants.  a  refrigerant  is  employed  either  in  a  heat  pump  system  in  which  a  compressor  is  used  to  drive  thermodynamic  refrigeration  cycle,  or  in  a  free  cooling  system  which  uses  pumps  to  circulate  a  cool  refrigerant  typically  water  or  a  glycol  mix.it
__label__environmentmonitoring is  imperative  that  the  air  conditioning  horsepower  is  sufficient  for  the  area  being  cooled.  underpowered  air  conditioning  system  will  lead  to  power  wastage  and  inefficient  usage.  adequate  horsepower  is  required  for  any  air  conditioner  installed.  refrigeration  cycle  the  refrigeration  cycle  uses  four  essential  elements  to  cool.the  system  refrigerant  starts  its  cycle  in  a  gaseous  state.  the  compressor  pumps  the  refrigerant  gas  up  to  a  high  pressure  and  temperature.from  there  it  enters  a  heat  exchanger  sometimes  called  a  condensing  coil  or  condenser  where  it  loses  energy  heat  to  the  outside,  cools,  and  condenses  into  its  liquid  phase.an  expansion  valve  also  called
__label__environmentmonitoring metering  device  regulates  the  refrigerant  liquid  to  flow  at  the  proper  rate.the  liquid  refrigerant  is  returned  to  another  heat  exchanger  where  it  is  allowed  to  evaporate,  hence  the  heat  exchanger  is  often  called  an  evaporating  coil  or  evaporator.  as  the  liquid  refrigerant  evaporates  it  absorbs  energy  heat  from  the  inside  air,  returns  to  the  compressor,  and  repeats  the  cycle.  in  the  process,  heat  is  absorbed  from  indoors  and  transferred  outdoors,  resulting  in  cooling  of  the  building.in  variable  climates,  the  system  may  include  a  reversing  valve  that  switches  from  heating  in  winter  to  cooling  in  summer.  by  reversing  the  flow  of
__label__environmentmonitoring refrigerant,  the  heat  pump  refrigeration  cycle  is  changed  from  cooling  to  heating  or  vice  versa.  this  allows  a  facility  to  be  heated  and  cooled  by  a  single  piece  of  equipment  by  the  same  means,  and  with  the  same  hardware.  free  cooling  free  cooling  systems  can  have  very  high  efficiencies,  and  are  sometimes  combined  with  seasonal  thermal  energy  storage  so  that  the  cold  of  winter  can  be  used  for  summer  air  conditioning.  common  storage  mediums  are  deep  aquifers  or  a  natural  underground  rock  mass  accessed  via  a  cluster  of  smalldiameter,  heatexchangerequipped  boreholes.  some  systems  with  small  storages  are  hybrids,  using  free
__label__environmentmonitoring cooling  early  in  the  cooling  season,  and  later  employing  a  heat  pump  to  chill  the  circulation  coming  from  the  storage.  the  heat  pump  is  addedin  because  the  storage  acts  as  a  heat  sink  when  the  system  is  in  cooling  as  opposed  to  charging  mode,  causing  the  temperature  to  gradually  increase  during  the  cooling  season.some  systems  include  an  economizer  mode,  which  is  sometimes  called  a  freecooling  mode.  when  economizing,  the  control  system  will  open  fully  or  partially  the  outside  air  damper  and  close  fully  or  partially  the  return  air  damper.  this  will  cause  fresh,  outside  air  to  be  supplied  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring system.  when  the  outside  air  is  cooler  than  the  demanded  cool  air,  this  will  allow  the  demand  to  be  met  without  using  the  mechanical  supply  of  cooling  typically  chilled  water  or  a  direct  expansion  dx  unit,  thus  saving  energy.  the  control  system  can  compare  the  temperature  of  the  outside  air  vs.  return  air,  or  it  can  compare  the  enthalpy  of  the  air,  as  is  frequently  done  in  climates  where  humidity  is  more  of  an  issue.  in  both  cases,  the  outside  air  must  be  less  energetic  than  the  return  air  for  the  system  to  enter  the  economizer  mode.  packaged  vs.  split
__label__environmentmonitoring system  central,  allair  airconditioning  systems  or  package  systems  with  a  combined  outdoor  condenser/evaporator  unit  are  often  installed  in  north  american  residences,  offices,  and  public  buildings,  but  are  difficult  to  retrofit  install  in  a  building  that  was  not  designed  to  receive  it  because  of  the  bulky  air  ducts  required.  minisplit  ductless  systems  are  used  in  these  situations.  outside  of  north  america,  packaged  systems  are  only  used  in  limited  applications  involving  large  indoor  space  such  as  stadiums,  theatres  or  exhibition  halls.an  alternative  to  packaged  systems  is  the  use  of  separate  indoor  and  outdoor  coils  in  split  systems.  split  systems  are  preferred  and
__label__environmentmonitoring widely  used  worldwide  except  in  north  america.  in  north  america,  split  systems  are  most  often  seen  in  residential  applications,  but  they  are  gaining  popularity  in  small  commercial  buildings.the  split  systems  are  a  great  choice  for  small  buildings  where  ductwork  is  not  feasible  or  where  the  space  conditioning  efficiency  is  of  prime  concern.  the  benefits  of  ductless  air  conditioning  systems  include  easy  installation,  no  ductwork,  greater  zonal  control,  flexibility  of  control  and  quiet  operation.  in  space  conditioning,  the  duct  losses  can  account  for  30  of  energy  consumption.  the  use  of  minisplit  can  result  in  energy  savings  in  space  conditioning  as  there
__label__environmentmonitoring are  no  losses  associated  with  ducting.with  the  split  system,  the  evaporator  coil  is  connected  to  a  remote  condenser  unit  using  refrigerant  piping  between  an  indoor  and  outdoor  unit  instead  of  ducting  air  directly  from  the  outdoor  unit.  indoor  units  with  directional  vents  mount  onto  walls,  suspended  from  ceilings,  or  fit  into  the  ceiling.  other  indoor  units  mount  inside  the  ceiling  cavity,  so  that  short  lengths  of  duct  handle  air  from  the  indoor  unit  to  vents  or  diffusers  around  the  rooms.split  systems  are  more  efficient  and  the  footprint  is  typically  smaller  than  the  package  systems.  on  the  other  hand,  package  systems
__label__environmentmonitoring tend  to  have  slightly  lower  indoor  noise  level  compared  to  split  system  since  the  fan  motor  is  located  outside.  dehumidification  dehumidification  air  drying  in  an  air  conditioning  system  is  provided  by  the  evaporator.  since  the  evaporator  operates  at  a  temperature  below  the  dew  point,  moisture  in  the  air  condenses  on  the  evaporator  coil  tubes.  this  moisture  is  collected  at  the  bottom  of  the  evaporator  in  a  pan  and  removed  by  piping  to  a  central  drain  or  onto  the  ground  outside.a  dehumidifier  is  an  airconditionerlike  device  that  controls  the  humidity  of  a  room  or  building.  it  is  often  employed  in  basements
__label__environmentmonitoring which  have  a  higher  relative  humidity  because  of  their  lower  temperature  and  propensity  for  damp  floors  and  walls.  in  food  retailing  establishments,  large  open  chiller  cabinets  are  highly  effective  at  dehumidifying  the  internal  air.  conversely,  a  humidifier  increases  the  humidity  of  a  building.  maintenance  all  modern  air  conditioning  systems,  even  small  window  package  units,  are  equipped  with  internal  air  filters.  these  are  generally  of  a  lightweight  gauzelike  material,  and  must  be  replaced  or  washed  as  conditions  warrant.  for  example,  a  building  in  a  high  dust  environment,  or  a  home  with  furry  pets,  will  need  to  have  the  filters  changed  more
__label__environmentmonitoring often  than  buildings  without  these  dirt  loads.  failure  to  replace  these  filters  as  needed  will  contribute  to  a  lower  heat  exchange  rate,  resulting  in  wasted  energy,  shortened  equipment  life,  and  higher  energy  bills;  low  air  flow  can  result  in  icedover  evaporator  coils,  which  can  completely  stop  air  flow.  additionally,  very  dirty  or  plugged  filters  can  cause  overheating  during  a  heating  cycle,  and  can  result  in  damage  to  the  system  or  even  fire.because  an  air  conditioner  moves  heat  between  the  indoor  coil  and  the  outdoor  coil,  both  must  be  kept  clean.  this  means  that,  in  addition  to  replacing  the  air  filter
__label__environmentmonitoring at  the  evaporator  coil,  it  is  also  necessary  to  regularly  clean  the  condenser  coil.  failure  to  keep  the  condenser  clean  will  eventually  result  in  harm  to  the  compressor,  because  the  condenser  coil  is  responsible  for  discharging  both  the  indoor  heat  as  picked  up  by  the  evaporator  and  the  heat  generated  by  the  electric  motor  driving  the  compressor.  energy  efficiency  since  the  1980s,  manufacturers  of  hvac  equipment  have  been  making  an  effort  to  make  the  systems  they  manufacture  more  efficient.  this  was  originally  driven  by  rising  energy  costs,  and  has  more  recently  been  driven  by  increased  awareness  of  environmental  issues.  additionally,
__label__environmentmonitoring improvements  to  the  hvac  system  efficiency  can  also  help  increase  occupant  health  and  productivity.  in  the  us,  the  epa  has  imposed  tighter  restrictions  over  the  years.  there  are  several  methods  for  making  hvac  systems  more  efficient.  heating  energy  in  the  past,  water  heating  was  more  efficient  for  heating  buildings  and  was  the  standard  in  the  united  states.  today,  forced  air  systems  can  double  for  air  conditioning  and  are  more  popular.some  benefits  of  forced  air  systems,  which  are  now  widely  used  in  churches,  schools  and  highend  residences,  arebetter  air  conditioning  effectsenergy  savings  of  up  to  1520even  conditioninga  drawback  is  the  installation
__label__environmentmonitoring cost,  which  can  be  slightly  higher  than  traditional  hvac  systems.energy  efficiency  can  be  improved  even  more  in  central  heating  systems  by  introducing  zoned  heating.  this  allows  a  more  granular  application  of  heat,  similar  to  noncentral  heating  systems.  zones  are  controlled  by  multiple  thermostats.  in  water  heating  systems  the  thermostats  control  zone  valves,  and  in  forced  air  systems  they  control  zone  dampers  inside  the  vents  which  selectively  block  the  flow  of  air.  in  this  case,  the  control  system  is  very  critical  to  maintaining  a  proper  temperature.forecasting  is  another  method  of  controlling  building  heating  by  calculating  demand  for  heating  energy  that  should
__label__environmentmonitoring be  supplied  to  the  building  in  each  time  unit.  ground  source  heat  pump  ground  source,  or  geothermal,  heat  pumps  are  similar  to  ordinary  heat  pumps,  but  instead  of  transferring  heat  to  or  from  outside  air,  they  rely  on  the  stable,  even  temperature  of  the  earth  to  provide  heating  and  air  conditioning.  many  regions  experience  seasonal  temperature  extremes,  which  would  require  largecapacity  heating  and  cooling  equipment  to  heat  or  cool  buildings.  for  example,  a  conventional  heat  pump  system  used  to  heat  a  building  in  montanas  70  f  57  c  low  temperature  or  cool  a  building  in  the  highest  temperature  ever  recorded
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  us134  f  57  c  in  death  valley,  california,  in  1913  would  require  a  large  amount  of  energy  due  to  the  extreme  difference  between  inside  and  outside  air  temperatures.  a  few  feet  below  the  earths  surface,  however,  the  ground  remains  at  a  relatively  constant  temperature.  utilizing  this  large  source  of  relatively  moderate  temperature  earth,  a  heating  or  cooling  systems  capacity  can  often  be  significantly  reduced.  although  ground  temperatures  vary  according  to  latitude,  at  6  feet  1.8  m  underground,  temperatures  generally  only  range  from  45  to  75  f  7  to  24  c.an  example  of  a  geothermal  heat  pump  that  uses
__label__environmentmonitoring a  body  of  water  as  the  heat  sink,  is  the  system  used  by  the  trump  international  hotel  and  tower  in  chicago,  illinois.  this  building  is  situated  on  the  chicago  river,  and  uses  cold  river  water  by  pumping  it  into  a  recirculating  cooling  system,  where  heat  exchangers  transfer  heat  from  the  building  into  the  water,  and  then  the  nowwarmed  water  is  pumped  back  into  the  chicago  river.while  they  may  be  more  costly  to  install  than  regular  heat  pumps,  geothermal  heat  pumps  can  produce  markedly  lower  energy  bills  30  to  40  percent  lower,  according  to  estimates  from  the  us  environmental  protection  agency.geothermal
__label__environmentmonitoring heat  pumps  still  provide  higher  efficiency  than  air  source  heat  pumps.  some  models  provide  70  saving  compared  to  electric  resistance  heaters.  ventilation  energy  recovery  energy  recovery  systems  sometimes  utilize  heat  recovery  ventilation  or  energy  recovery  ventilation  systems  that  employ  heat  exchangers  or  enthalpy  wheels  to  recover  sensible  or  latent  heat  from  exhausted  air.  this  is  done  by  transfer  of  energy  to  the  incoming  outside  fresh  air.  air  conditioning  energy  the  performance  of  vapor  compression  refrigeration  cycles  is  limited  by  thermodynamics.  these  air  conditioning  and  heat  pump  devices  move  heat  rather  than  convert  it  from  one  form  to  another,  so  thermal
__label__environmentmonitoring efficiencies  do  not  appropriately  describe  the  performance  of  these  devices.  the  coefficientofperformance  cop  measures  performance,  but  this  dimensionless  measure  has  not  been  adopted.  instead,  the  energy  efficiency  ratio  eer  has  traditionally  been  used  to  characterize  the  performance  of  many  hvac  systems.  eer  is  the  energy  efficiency  ratio  based  on  a  35  c  95  f  outdoor  temperature.  to  more  accurately  describe  the  performance  of  air  conditioning  equipment  over  a  typical  cooling  season  a  modified  version  of  the  eer,  the  seasonal  energy  efficiency  ratio  seer,  or  in  europe  the  eseer,  is  used.  seer  ratings  are  based  on  seasonal  temperature  averages  instead  of
__label__environmentmonitoring a  constant  35  c  95  f  outdoor  temperature.  the  current  industry  minimum  seer  rating  is  14  seer.engineers  have  pointed  out  some  areas  where  efficiency  of  the  existing  hardware  could  be  improved.  for  example,  the  fan  blades  used  to  move  the  air  are  usually  stamped  from  sheet  metal,  an  economical  method  of  manufacture,  but  as  a  result  they  are  not  aerodynamically  efficient.  a  welldesigned  blade  could  reduce  electrical  power  required  to  move  the  air  by  a  third.  demand  controlled  kitchen  ventilation  demand  controlled  kitchen  ventilation  dckv  is  a  building  controls  approach  of  controlling  the  volume  of  kitchen  exhaust  and  supply  air
__label__environmentmonitoring in  response  to  the  actual  cooking  loads  in  a  commercial  kitchen.  traditional  commercial  kitchen  ventilation  systems  operate  at  100  fan  speed  independent  of  the  volume  of  cooking  activity  and  dckv  technology  changes  that  to  provide  significant  fan  energy  and  conditioned  air  savings.  by  deploying  smart  sensing  technology,  both  the  exhaust  and  supply  fans  can  be  controlled  to  capitalize  on  the  affinity  laws  for  motor  energy  savings,  reduce  makeup  air  heating  and  cooling  energy,  increasing  safety  and  reducing  ambient  kitchen  noise  levels.  air  filtration  and  cleaning  air  cleaning  and  filtration  removes  particles,  contaminants,  vapors  and  gases  from  the  air.  the  filtered
__label__environmentmonitoring and  cleaned  air  then  is  used  in  heating,  ventilation  and  air  conditioning.  air  cleaning  and  filtration  should  be  taken  in  account  when  protecting  our  building  environments.  clean  air  delivery  rate  and  filter  performance  clean  air  delivery  rate  is  the  amount  of  clean  air  an  air  cleaner  provides  to  a  room  or  space.  when  determining  cadr,  the  amount  of  airflow  in  a  space  is  taken  into  account.  for  example,  an  air  cleaner  with  a  flow  rate  of  100  cfm  cubic  feet  per  minute  and  an  efficiency  of  50  has  a  cadr  of  50  cfm.  along  with  cadr,  filtration  performance  is  very
__label__environmentmonitoring important  when  it  comes  to  the  air  in  our  indoor  environment.  filter  performance  depends  on  the  size  of  the  particle  or  fiber,  the  filter  packing  density  and  depth  and  also  the  air  flow  rate.  hvac  industry  and  standards  the  hvac  industry  is  a  worldwide  enterprise,  with  roles  including  operation  and  maintenance,  system  design  and  construction,  equipment  manufacturing  and  sales,  and  in  education  and  research.  the  hvac  industry  was  historically  regulated  by  the  manufacturers  of  hvac  equipment,  but  regulating  and  standards  organizations  such  as  hardi,  ashrae,  smacna,  acca,  uniform  mechanical  code,  international  mechanical  code,  and  amca  have  been  established  to  support
__label__environmentmonitoring the  industry  and  encourage  high  standards  and  achievement.the  starting  point  in  carrying  out  an  estimate  both  for  cooling  and  heating  depends  on  the  exterior  climate  and  interior  specified  conditions.  however,  before  taking  up  the  heat  load  calculation,  it  is  necessary  to  find  fresh  air  requirements  for  each  area  in  detail,  as  pressurization  is  an  important  consideration.  international  iso  16813:2006  is  one  of  the  iso  building  environment  standards.  it  establishes  the  general  principles  of  building  environment  design.  it  takes  into  account  the  need  to  provide  a  healthy  indoor  environment  for  the  occupants  as  well  as  the  need  to  protect  the  environment
__label__environmentmonitoring for  future  generations  and  promote  collaboration  among  the  various  parties  involved  in  building  environmental  design  for  sustainability.  iso16813  is  applicable  to  new  construction  and  the  retrofit  of  existing  buildings.the  building  environmental  design  standard  aims  to:provide  the  constraints  concerning  sustainability  issues  from  the  initial  stage  of  the  design  process,  with  building  and  plant  life  cycle  to  be  considered  together  with  owning  and  operating  costs  from  the  beginning  of  the  design  process;assess  the  proposed  design  with  rational  criteria  for  indoor  air  quality,  thermal  comfort,  acoustical  comfort,  visual  comfort,  energy  efficiency  and  hvac  system  controls  at  every  stage  of  the  design  process;iterate  decisions
__label__environmentmonitoring and  evaluations  of  the  design  throughout  the  design  process.  north  america  united  states  in  the  united  states,  hvac  engineers  generally  are  members  of  the  american  society  of  heating,  refrigerating,  and  airconditioning  engineers  ashrae,  epa  universal  cfc  certified  for  installation  and  service  of  cfc  hvac  devices,  or  locally  engineer  certified  such  as  a  special  to  chief  boilers  license  issued  by  the  state  or,  in  some  jurisdictions,  the  city.  ashrae  is  an  international  technical  society  for  all  individuals  and  organizations  interested  in  hvac.  the  society,  organized  into  regions,  chapters,  and  student  branches,  allows  exchange  of  hvac  knowledge  and  experiences  for  the  benefit
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  fields  practitioners  and  the  public.  ashrae  provides  many  opportunities  to  participate  in  the  development  of  new  knowledge  via,  for  example,  research  and  its  many  technical  committees.  these  committees  typically  meet  twice  per  year  at  the  ashrae  annual  and  winter  meetings.  a  popular  product  show,  the  ahr  expo,  is  held  in  conjunction  with  each  winter  meeting.  the  society  has  approximately  50,000  members  and  has  headquarters  in  atlanta,  georgia.the  most  recognized  standards  for  hvac  design  are  based  on  ashrae  data.  the  most  general  of  four  volumes  of  the  ashrae  handbook  is  fundamentals;  it  includes  heating  and  cooling  calculations.  each  volume
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  ashrae  handbook  is  updated  every  four  years.  the  design  professional  must  consult  ashrae  data  for  the  standards  of  design  and  care  as  the  typical  building  codes  provide  little  to  no  information  on  hvac  design  practices;  codes  such  as  the  umc  and  imc  do  include  much  detail  on  installation  requirements,  however.  other  useful  reference  materials  include  items  from  smacna,  acgih,  and  technical  trade  journals.american  design  standards  are  legislated  in  the  uniform  mechanical  code  or  international  mechanical  code.  in  certain  states,  counties,  or  cities,  either  of  these  codes  may  be  adopted  and  amended  via  various  legislative  processes.  these  codes  are
__label__environmentmonitoring updated  and  published  by  the  international  association  of  plumbing  and  mechanical  officials  iapmo  or  the  international  code  council  icc  respectively,  on  a  3year  code  development  cycle.  typically,  local  building  permit  departments  are  charged  with  enforcement  of  these  standards  on  private  and  certain  public  properties.hvac  professionals  in  the  us  can  receive  training  through  formal  training  institutions,  where  most  earn  associate  degrees.  training  for  hvac  technicians  includes  classroom  lectures  and  handson  tasks,  and  can  be  followed  by  an  apprenticeship  wherein  the  recent  graduate  works  alongside  a  professional  hvac  technician  for  a  temporary  period.  hvac  techs  who  have  been  trained  can  also  be
__label__environmentmonitoring certified  in  areas  such  as  air  conditioning,  heat  pumps,  gas  heating,  and  commercial  refrigeration.  europe  united  kingdom  the  chartered  institution  of  building  services  engineers  is  a  body  that  covers  the  essential  service  systems  architecture  that  allow  buildings  to  operate.  it  includes  the  electrotechnical,  heating,  ventilating,  air  conditioning,  refrigeration  and  plumbing  industries.  to  train  as  a  building  services  engineer,  the  academic  requirements  are  gcses  ac  /  standard  grades  13  in  maths  and  science,  which  are  important  in  measurements,  planning  and  theory.  employers  will  often  want  a  degree  in  a  branch  of  engineering,  such  as  building  environment  engineering,  electrical  engineering  or  mechanical
__label__environmentmonitoring engineering.  to  become  a  full  member  of  cibse,  and  so  also  to  be  registered  by  the  engineering  council  uk  as  a  chartered  engineer,  engineers  must  also  attain  an  honours  degree  and  a  masters  degree  in  a  relevant  engineering  subject.cibse  publishes  several  guides  to  hvac  design  relevant  to  the  uk  market,  and  also  the  republic  of  ireland,  australia,  new  zealand  and  hong  kong.  these  guides  include  various  recommended  design  criteria  and  standards,  some  of  which  are  cited  within  the  uk  building  regulations,  and  therefore  form  a  legislative  requirement  for  major  building  services  works.  the  main  guides  are:guide  a:  environmental  designguide  b:
__label__environmentmonitoring heating,  ventilating,  air  conditioning  and  refrigerationguide  c:  reference  dataguide  d:  transportation  systems  in  buildingsguide  e:  fire  safety  engineeringguide  f:  energy  efficiency  in  buildingsguide  g:  public  health  engineeringguide  h:  building  control  systemsguide  j:  weather,  solar  and  illuminance  dataguide  k:  electricity  in  buildingsguide  l:  sustainabilityguide  m:  maintenance  engineering  and  managementwithin  the  construction  sector,  it  is  the  job  of  the  building  services  engineer  to  design  and  oversee  the  installation  and  maintenance  of  the  essential  services  such  as  gas,  electricity,  water,  heating  and  lighting,  as  well  as  many  others.  these  all  help  to  make  buildings  comfortable  and  healthy  places  to  live  and  work  in.
__label__environmentmonitoring building  services  is  part  of  a  sector  that  has  over  51,000  businesses  and  employs  represents  23  of  the  gdp.  australia  the  air  conditioning  and  mechanical  contractors  association  of  australia  amca,  australian  institute  of  refrigeration,  air  conditioning  and  heating  airah,  australian  refrigeration  mechanical  association  and  cibse  are  responsible.  asia  asian  architectural  temperaturecontrol  have  different  priorities  than  european  methods.  for  example,  asian  heating  traditionally  focuses  on  maintaining  temperatures  of  objects  such  as  the  floor  or  furnishings  such  as  kotatsu  tables  and  directly  warming  people,  as  opposed  to  the  western  focus,  in  modern  periods,  on  designing  air  systems.  philippines  the  philippine  society  of
__label__environmentmonitoring ventilating,  air  conditioning  and  refrigerating  engineers  psvare  along  with  philippine  society  of  mechanical  engineers  psme  govern  on  the  codes  and  standards  for  hvac  /  mvac  mvac  means  mechanical  ventilation  and  air  conditioning  in  the  philippines.  india  the  indian  society  of  heating,  refrigerating  and  air  conditioning  engineers  ishrae  was  established  to  promote  the  hvac  industry  in  india.  ishrae  is  an  associate  of  ashrae.  ishrae  was  started  at  delhi  in  1981  and  a  chapter  was  started  in  bangalore  in  1989.  between  1989  1993,  ishrae  chapters  were  formed  in  all  major  cities  in  india.  see  also  references  further  reading  mechanical  system  building  service
__label__environmentmonitoring at  the  encyclopdia  britannicainternational  mechanical  code  2012  second  printing  by  the  international  code  council,  thomson  delmar  learning.modern  refrigeration  and  air  conditioning  august  2003  by  althouse,  turnquist,  and  bracciano,  goodheartwilcox  publisher;  18th  edition.the  cost  of  cool.  external  links  media  related  to  climate  control  at  wikimedia  commons
__label__environmentmonitoring a  building  management  system  bms,  otherwise  known  as  a  building  automation  system  bas,  is  a  computerbased  control  system  installed  in  buildings  that  controls  and  monitors  the  buildings  mechanical  and  electrical  equipment  such  as  ventilation,  lighting,  power  systems,  fire  systems,  and  security  systems.  a  bms  consists  of  software  and  hardware;  the  software  program,  usually  configured  in  a  hierarchical  manner,  can  be  proprietary,  using  such  protocols  as  cbus,  profibus,  and  so  on.  vendors  are  also  producing  a  bms  that  integrates  the  use  of  internet  protocols  and  open  standards  such  as  devicenet,  soap,  xml,  bacnet,  lonworks  and  modbus.  characteristics  building  management  systems  are
__label__environmentmonitoring most  commonly  implemented  in  large  projects  with  extensive  mechanical,  hvac,  and  electrical  systems.  systems  linked  to  a  bms  typically  represent  40  of  a  buildings  energy  usage;  if  lighting  is  included,  this  number  approaches  to  70.  bms  systems  are  a  critical  component  to  managing  energy  demand.  improperly  configured  bms  systems  are  believed  to  account  for  20  of  building  energy  usage,  or  approximately  8  of  total  energy  usage  in  the  united  states.in  addition  to  controlling  the  buildings  internal  environment,  bms  systems  are  sometimes  linked  to  access  control  turnstiles  and  access  doors  controlling  who  is  allowed  access  and  egress  to  the  building  or
__label__environmentmonitoring other  security  systems  such  as  closedcircuit  television  cctv  and  motion  detectors.  fire  alarm  systems  and  elevators  are  also  sometimes  linked  to  a  bms  for  monitoring.  in  case  a  fire  is  detected  then  only  the  fire  alarm  panel  could  close  dampers  in  the  ventilation  system  to  stop  smoke  spreading,  shut  down  air  handlers,  start  smoke  evacuation  fans,  and  send  all  the  elevators  to  the  ground  floor  and  park  them  to  prevent  people  from  using  them.building  management  systems  have  also  included  disasterresponse  mechanisms  such  as  base  isolation  to  save  structures  from  earthquakes.  in  more  recent  times,  companies  and  governments  have  been  working
__label__environmentmonitoring to  find  similar  solutions  for  flood  zones  and  coastal  areas  atrisk  to  rising  sealevels.  one  such  example  is  the  safe  building  system  by  arx  pax  labs,  inc.,  which  is  designed  to  float  buildings,  roadways,  and  utilities  in  a  few  feet  of  water.  the  selfadjusting  floating  environment  draws  from  existing  technologies  used  to  float  concrete  bridges  and  runways  such  as  washingtons  sr  520  and  japans  megafloat.a  list  of  systems  that  can  be  monitored  or  controlled  by  a  bms  are  shown  below:illumination  lighting  controlelectric  power  controlheating,  ventilation,  and  air  conditioningsecurity  and  observationaccess  controlfire  alarm  systemlifts,  elevators  etc.plumbingclosedcircuit  television  cctvother  engineering  systemscontrol  panelpa
__label__environmentmonitoring systemalarm  monitorsecurity  automation  benefits  many  benefits  exist  when  a  bms  is  installed  in  a  building,  some  of  them  are:possibility  of  individual  room  controlincreased  staff  productivityeffective  monitoring  and  targeting  of  energy  consumptionimproved  plant  reliability  and  lifeeffective  response  to  hvacrelated  complaintssave  time  and  money  during  the  maintenanceoccupancy  sensors  allow  automatic  setback  override  during  unoccupied  periods  as  well  as  adaptive  occupancy  scheduling.lighting  controls  reduce  unnecessary  artificial  lighting  via  motion  sensors  and  schedules  as  well  as  by  controlling  daylight  harvesting  louverscontrollers  save  water  and  energy  by  controlling  rainwater  harvesting  and  landscape  irrigation  building  managers  higher  rental  valueflexibility  on  change  of  building  useindividual  tenant  billing
__label__environmentmonitoring for  services  facilities  time  savingremote  monitoring  of  the  plants  such  as  ahus,  fire  pumps,  plumbing  pumps,  electrical  supply,  stp,  wtp,  greywater  treatment  plant  etc.ease  of  maintenance  maintenance  companies  ease  of  information  availabilitycomputerized  maintenance  schedulingeffective  use  of  maintenance  staffearly  detection  of  problems  or  service  work  easymore  satisfied  occupants  additional  benefits  data  is  consolidated  onto  a  single  system  to  improve  reporting,  information  management  and  decisionmaking.  integrating  and  managing  the  hvac,  energy,  security,  digital  video  and  life  safety  applications  from  a  single  workstation  allows  facilitywide  insight  and  control  for  better  performance.increased  operational  savings  efficient  resource  deployment  can  result  in  reduced  operational  costs,  empowering
__label__environmentmonitoring operators,  simplifying  training  and  decreasing  false  alarms.energy  efficient  realtime  view  into  facility  operations  and  deep  trend  analysis  provide  datadriven  insight  to  optimize  your  energy  management  strategies  and  minimize  operational  costs.flexibility  to  grow  and  expand  the  powerful  combination  of  open  systems  protocols  and  a  scalable  platform  means  the  bms  can  help  support  growth  and  expansion  of  the  system  in  the  future.reduced  risk  strategic  mobile  or  desktop  control,  exceptional  alarm  management  and  integrated  security  solutions  helps  to  see  the  big  picture,  helping  to  speed  up  response  time  and  mitigate  risks  for  the  property,  people  and  business.intelligent  reporting  comprehensive  reporting  with  functionality  for
__label__environmentmonitoring customizable  reports  delivers  greater  transparency  into  system  history  and  promotes  compliance.bms  deals  with  energy  demand  management.  edm  integrates  energy  policies  and  regulations  in  to  overall  company  operations.  it  incorporates  energy  targets  into  overall  business  strategies.  edm  conduct  management  reviews  and  establishes  a  system  to  collect,  analyse  and  report  data  related  energy  consumption  and  ensure  correctness  and  integrity  of  that  data.  see  also  building  automationdirect  digital  control  references  external  links  building  controls  industry  association
__label__environmentmonitoring a  fire  alarm  system  has  a  number  of  devices  working  together  to  detect  and  warn  people  through  visual  and  audio  appliances  when  smoke,  fire,  carbon  monoxide  or  other  emergencies  are  present.  these  alarms  may  be  activated  automatically  from  smoke  detectors,  and  heat  detectors  or  may  also  be  activated  via  manual  fire  alarm  activation  devices  such  as  manual  call  points  or  pull  stations.  alarms  can  be  either  motorized  bells  or  wall  mountable  sounders  or  horns.  they  can  also  be  speaker  strobes  which  sound  an  alarm,  followed  by  a  voice  evacuation  message  which  warns  people  inside  the  building  not  to  use  the
__label__environmentmonitoring elevators.  fire  alarm  sounders  can  be  set  to  certain  frequencies  and  different  tones  including  low,  medium  and  high,  depending  on  the  country  and  manufacturer  of  the  device.  most  fire  alarm  systems  in  europe  sound  like  a  siren  with  alternating  frequencies.  fire  alarm  electronic  devices  are  known  as  horns  in  the  united  states  and  canada,  and  can  be  either  continuous  or  set  to  different  codes.  fire  alarm  warning  devices  can  also  be  set  to  different  volume  levels.  design  after  the  fire  protection  goals  are  established  usually  by  referencing  the  minimum  levels  of  protection  mandated  by  the  appropriate  model  building  code,  insurance
__label__environmentmonitoring agencies,  and  other  authorities  the  fire  alarm  designer  undertakes  to  detail  specific  components,  arrangements,  and  interfaces  necessary  to  accomplish  these  goals.  equipment  specifically  manufactured  for  these  purposes  is  selected  and  standardized  installation  methods  are  anticipated  during  the  design.iso  724014  is  the  international  standard  for  design,  installation,  commissioning  and  service  of  fire  detection  and  fire  alarm  system  in  and  around  the  building.  this  standard  was  published  in  august  2013;  status,  published;  edition  1;  technical  committee  iso/tc  21/sc  3  fire  detection  and  alarm  system.1nfpa  72,  the  national  fire  alarm  code  is  an  established  and  widely  used  installation  standard  from  the  united  states.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  canada,  the  ulc  is  the  standard  for  the  fire  system.last  version  2019;  status,  published.this  code  is  part  of  a  family  standard  nfpats  54  14  is  a  technical  specification  cen/ts  for  fire  detection  and  fire  alarm  system  part  14:  guidelines  for  planning,  design,  installation,  commissioning,  use,  and  maintenance.  this  document  has  been  prepared  by  technical  committee  cen/tc72,  this  document  is  part  of  the  en  54  series  of  standards.  this  standard  was  published  in  october  2018;  status,  published.2there  are  national  codes  in  each  european  country  for  planning,  design,  installation,  commissioning,  use  and  maintenance  of  fire  detection  system  with  additional  requirements  that
__label__environmentmonitoring are  mentioned  on  ts  54  14germany,  vds  2095  3italy,  uni  9795  4france  nf  s61936  5spain  une  2300714  6united  kingdom  bs  5839  part  1  7  parts  fire  alarm  control  panel  facp  aka  fire  alarm  control  unit  facu;  this  component,  the  hub  of  the  system,  monitors  inputs  and  system  integrity,  controls  outputs  and  relays  information.primary  power  supply:  commonly  the  nonswitched  120  or  240volt  alternating  current  source  supplied  from  a  commercial  power  utility.  in  nonresidential  applications,  a  branch  circuit  is  dedicated  to  the  fire  alarm  system  and  its  constituents.  dedicated  branch  circuits  should  not  be  confused  with  individual  branch  circuits  which  supply  energy
__label__environmentmonitoring to  a  single  appliance.secondary  backup  power  supplies:  this  component,  commonly  consisting  of  sealed  leadacid  storage  batteries  or  other  emergency  sources  including  generators,  is  used  to  supply  energy  in  the  event  of  a  primary  power  failure.  the  batteries  can  be  either  inside  the  bottom  of  the  panel  or  inside  a  separate  battery  box  installed  near  the  panel.initiating  devices:  these  components  act  as  inputs  to  the  fire  alarm  control  unit  and  are  either  manually  or  automatically  activated.  examples  would  be  devices  such  as  pull  stations,  heat  detectors,  duct  detectors,  and  smoke  detectors.  heat  and  smoke  detectors  have  different  categories  of  both  kinds.
__label__environmentmonitoring some  categories  are  a  beam,  photoelectric,  ionization,  aspiration,  and  duct.fire  alarm  notification  appliance:  this  component  uses  energy  supplied  from  the  fire  alarm  system  or  other  stored  energy  source,  to  inform  the  proximate  persons  of  the  need  to  take  action,  usually  to  evacuate.  this  is  done  by  means  of  pulsing  incandescent  light,  flashing  strobe  light,  electromechanical  horn,  siren,  electronic  horn,  chime,  bell,  speaker,  or  a  combination  of  these  devices.  strobes  are  either  made  of  a  xenon  tube  most  common  or  recently  leds.building  safety  interfaces:  this  interface  allows  the  fire  alarm  system  to  control  aspects  of  the  built  environment,  prepare  the  building
__label__environmentmonitoring for  fire,  and  control  the  spread  of  smoke  fumes  and  fire  by  influencing  air  movement,  lighting,  process  control,  and  human  transport  and  exit.  initiating  devices  manually  actuated  devices;  also  known  as  fire  alarm  boxes,  manual  pull  stations,  or  simply  pull  stations,  break  glass  stations,  and  in  europe  call  points.  devices  for  manual  fire  alarm  activation  are  installed  to  be  readily  located  near  the  exits,  identified,  and  operated.  they  are  usually  actuated  by  means  of  physical  interaction,  such  as  pulling  a  lever  or  breaking  glass.automatically  actuated  devices  can  take  many  forms  intended  to  respond  to  any  number  of  detectable  physical  changes
__label__environmentmonitoring associated  with  fire:  convected  thermal  energy;  heat  detector,  products  of  combustion;  smoke  detector,  radiant  energy;  flame  detector,  combustion  gases;  fire  gas  detector,  and  release  of  extinguishing  agents;  waterflow  detector.  the  newest  innovations  can  use  cameras  and  computer  algorithms  to  analyze  the  visible  effects  of  fire  and  movement  in  applications  inappropriate  for  or  hostile  to  other  detection  methods  notification  appliances  notification  appliances  utilize  audible,  visible,  tactile,  textual  or  even  olfactory  stimuli  odorizer  to  alert  the  occupants  of  the  need  to  evacuate  or  take  action  in  the  event  of  a  fire  or  other  emergency.  evacuation  signals  may  consist  of  simple  appliances  that
__label__environmentmonitoring transmit  uncoded  information,  coded  appliances  that  transmit  a  predetermined  pattern,  and  or  appliances  that  transmit  audible  and  visible  textual  information  such  as  live  or  prerecorded  instructions,  and  illuminated  message  displays.in  the  united  states,  fire  alarm  evacuation  signals  generally  consist  of  a  standardized  audible  tone,  with  visual  notification  in  all  public  and  common  use  areas.  emergency  signals  are  intended  to  be  distinct  and  understandable  to  avoid  confusion  with  other  signals.as  per  nfpa  72,  18.4.2  2010  editiontemporal  code  3  is  the  standard  audible  notification  in  a  modern  system.  it  consists  of  a  repeated  3pulse  cycle  .5s  on  .5s  off  .5s  on  .5s
__label__environmentmonitoring off  .5s  on  1.5s  off.  voice  evacuation  is  the  second  most  common  audible  in  a  modern  system.  legacy  systems,  typically  found  in  older  schools  and  buildings  have  used  continuous  tones  alongside  other  audible  schemas.  in  the  united  kingdom,  fire  alarm  evacuation  signals  generally  consist  of  a  twotone  siren  with  visual  notification  in  all  public  and  common  use  areas.  some  fire  alarm  devices  have  an  alert  signal  which  is  generally  used  for  schools  for  lesson  changes,  the  start  of  morning  break,  end  of  morning  break,  the  start  of  lunch  break,  end  of  lunch  break  and  when  the  school  day  is  over.audible
__label__environmentmonitoring textual  appliances,  which  are  employed  as  part  of  a  fire  alarm  system  that  includes  emergency  voice  alarm  communications  evac  capabilities.  highreliability  speakers  are  used  to  notifying  the  occupants  of  the  need  for  action  in  connection  with  a  fire  or  other  emergency.  these  speakers  are  employed  in  large  facilities  where  general  undirected  evacuation  is  considered  impracticable  or  undesirable.  the  signals  from  the  speakers  are  used  to  direct  the  occupants  response.  the  system  may  be  controlled  from  one  or  more  locations  within  the  building  known  as  fire  wardens  stations,  or  from  a  single  location  designated  as  the  building  fire  command  center.  speakers
__label__environmentmonitoring are  automatically  actuated  by  the  fire  alarm  system  in  a  fire  event,  and  following  a  prealert  tone,  selected  groups  of  speakers  may  transmit  one  or  more  prerecorded  messages  directing  the  occupants  to  safety.  these  messages  may  be  repeated  in  one  or  more  languages.  trained  personnel  activating  and  speaking  into  a  dedicated  microphone  can  suppress  the  replay  of  automated  messages  in  order  to  initiate  or  relay  realtime  voice  instructions.  emergency  voice  alarm  communication  systems  some  fire  alarm  systems  utilize  emergency  voice  alarm  communication  systems  evac  to  provide  prerecorded  and  manual  voice  messages.  voice  alarm  systems  are  typically  used  in  highrise  buildings,
__label__environmentmonitoring arenas  and  other  large  defendinplace  occupancies  such  as  hospitals  and  detention  facilities  where  total  evacuation  is  difficult  to  achieve.voicebased  systems  provide  response  personnel  with  the  ability  to  conduct  orderly  evacuation  and  notify  building  occupants  of  changing  event  circumstances.in  high  rise  buildings,  different  evacuation  messages  may  be  played  on  each  floor,  depending  on  the  location  of  the  fire.  the  floor  the  fire  is  on  along  with  ones  above  it  may  be  told  to  evacuate  while  floors  much  lower  may  simply  be  asked  to  stand  by.  mass  notification  systems/emergency  communication  systems  new  codes  and  standards  introduced  around  2010  especially  the  new  ul
__label__environmentmonitoring standard  2572,  the  u.s.  department  of  defenses  ufc  402101  design  and  om  mass  notification  systems,  and  nfpa  72  2010  edition  chapter  24  have  led  fire  alarm  system  manufacturers  to  expand  their  systems  voice  evacuation  capabilities  to  support  new  requirements  for  mass  notification  including  support  for  multiple  types  of  emergency  messaging  i.e.  inclement  weather  emergency,  security  alerts,  amber  alerts.  the  major  requirements  of  a  mass  notification  system  are  to  provide  prioritized  messaging  according  to  the  local  facilities  emergency  response  plan.  the  emergency  response  team  must  define  the  priority  of  potential  emergency  events  at  the  site  and  the  fire  alarm  system  must
__label__environmentmonitoring be  able  to  support  the  promotion  and  demotion  of  notifications  based  on  this  emergency  response  plan.  emergency  communication  systems  also  have  requirements  for  visible  notification  in  coordination  with  any  audible  notification  activities  to  meet  requirements  of  the  americans  with  disabilities  act.  many  manufacturers  have  made  efforts  to  certify  their  equipment  to  meet  these  new  and  emerging  standards.  mass  notification  system  categories  include  the  following:tier  1  systems  are  inbuilding  and  provide  the  highest  level  of  survivabilitytier  2  systems  are  out  of  the  building  and  provide  the  middle  level  of  survivabilitytier  3  systems  are  at  your  side  and  provide  the  lowest  level
__label__environmentmonitoring of  survivabilitymass  notification  systems  often  extend  the  notification  appliances  of  a  standard  fire  alarm  system  to  include  pc  based  workstations,  textbased  digital  signage,  and  a  variety  of  remote  notification  options  including  email,  text  message,  rss  feed  ,  or  ivrbased  telephone  texttospeech  messaging.  building  safety  interfaces  magnetic  smoke  door  holders/retainers:  wall  mounted  solenoids  or  electromagnets  controlled  by  a  fire  alarm  system  or  detection  component  that  magnetically  secures  springloaded  selfclosing  smoke  tight  doors  in  the  open  position.  designed  to  demagnetize  to  allow  automatic  closure  of  the  door  on  command  from  the  fire  control  or  upon  failure  of  the  power  source,  interconnection  or
__label__environmentmonitoring controlling  element.  stored  energy  in  the  form  of  a  spring  or  gravity  can  then  close  the  door  to  restrict  the  passage  of  smoke  from  one  space  to  another  in  an  effort  to  maintain  a  tenable  atmosphere  on  either  side  of  the  door  during  evacuation  and  fire  fighting  efforts  in  buildings.  electromagnetic  fire  door  holders  can  be  hardwired  into  the  fire  panel,  radiocontrolled  triggered  by  radio  waves  from  a  central  controller  connected  to  a  fire  panel,  or,  acoustic,  which  learn  the  sound  of  the  fire  alarm  and  release  the  door  upon  hearing  this  exact  sound.duct  mounted  smoke  detection:  smoke  detection  mounted
__label__environmentmonitoring in  such  a  manner  as  to  sample  the  airflow  through  ductwork  and  other  plenums  specifically  fabricated  for  the  transport  of  environmental  air  into  conditioned  spaces.  interconnection  to  the  fan  motor  control  circuits  is  intended  to  stop  air  movement,  close  dampers  and  generally  prevent  the  recirculation  of  toxic  smoke  and  fumes  produced  by  fire  into  occupiable  spaces.emergency  elevator  service:  activation  of  automatic  initiating  devices  associated  with  elevator  operation  is  used  to  initiate  emergency  elevator  functions,  such  as  the  recall  of  associated  elevator  cabs.  the  recall  will  cause  the  elevator  cabs  to  return  to  the  ground  level  for  use  by  fire  service
__label__environmentmonitoring response  teams  and  to  ensure  that  cabs  do  not  return  to  the  floor  of  fire  incidence,  in  addition,  to  prevent  people  from  becoming  trapped  in  the  elevators.  phases  of  operation  include  primary  recall  typically  the  ground  level,  alternate/secondary  recall  typically  a  floor  adjacent  to  the  ground  level  used  when  the  initiation  occurred  on  the  primary  level,  illumination  of  the  fire  hat  indicator  when  an  alarm  occurs  in  the  elevator  hoistway  or  associated  control  room,  and  in  some  cases  shunt  trip  disconnect  of  elevator  power  generally  used  where  the  control  room  or  hoistway  is  protected  by  fire  sprinklers.public  address  rack  par:
__label__environmentmonitoring an  audio  public  address  rack  shall  be  interfaced  with  a  fire  alarm  system,  by  adding  a  signaling  control  relay  module  to  either  rack  power  supply  unit,  or  to  the  main  amplifier  driving  this  rack.  the  purpose  is  to  mute  the  bgm  background  music  of  this  rack  in  case  of  an  emergency  in  case  of  a  fire  initiating  the  true  alarm.  us  fire  alarm  system  categories  fire  alarm  systems  in  nondomestic  premises  are  generally  designed  and  installed  in  accordance  with  the  guidance  given  in  bs  5839  part  1.  there  are  many  types  of  fire  alarm  systems  each  suited  to  different  building
__label__environmentmonitoring types  and  applications.  a  fire  alarm  system  can  vary  dramatically  in  both  price  and  complexity,  from  a  single  panel  with  a  detector  and  sounder  in  a  small  commercial  property  to  an  addressable  fire  alarm  system  in  a  multioccupancy  building.bs  5839  part  1  categorizes  fire  alarm  systems  as:m  manual  system  no  automatic  fire  detectors  so  the  building  is  fitted  with  call  points  and  sounders.l  automatic  systems  intended  for  the  protection  of  life.p  automatic  systems  intended  for  the  protection  of  property.categories  for  automatic  systems  are  further  subdivided  into  l1  to  l5  and  p1  to  p2.  zoning  an  important  consideration  when  designing  fire
__label__environmentmonitoring alarms  is  that  of  individual  zones.  the  following  recommendations  are  found  in  bs  5839  part  1:a  single  zone  should  not  exceed  2,000m  in  floor  space.where  addressable  systems  are  in  place,  two  faults  should  not  remove  protection  from  an  area  greater  than  10,000m.a  building  may  be  viewed  as  a  single  zone  if  the  floor  space  is  less  than  300m.where  the  floor  space  exceeds  300m  then  all  zones  should  be  restricted  to  a  single  floor  level.stairwells,  lift  shafts  or  other  vertical  shafts  nonstop  risers  within  a  single  fire  compartment  should  be  considered  as  one  or  more  separate  zones.the  maximum  distance  traveled  within
__label__environmentmonitoring a  zone  to  locate  the  fire  should  not  exceed  60m.also,  the  nfpa  recommends  placing  a  list  for  reference  near  the  facp  showing  the  devices  contained  in  each  zone.  see  also  fire  safety  equivalency  systemmultiplealarm  firenational  fire  protection  associationsmoke  alarmfire  drillen  54  european  standard  for  fire  detection.  references  external  links  example  specification  section  283100  fire  alarm  systemsauthoritative  guide  to  fire  alarm  systems  in  uknfpa  standards
__label__environmentmonitoring building  insulation  is  any  object  in  a  building  used  as  insulation  for  any  purpose.  while  the  majority  of  insulation  in  buildings  is  for  thermal  purposes,  the  term  also  applies  to  acoustic  insulation,  fire  insulation,  and  impact  insulation  e.g.  for  vibrations  caused  by  industrial  applications.  often  an  insulation  material  will  be  chosen  for  its  ability  to  perform  several  of  these  functions  at  once.  thermal  insulation  the  definition  of  thermal  insulation  thermal  insulation  usually  refers  to  the  use  of  appropriate  insulation  materials  and  design  adaptations  for  buildings  to  slow  the  transfer  of  heat  through  the  enclosure  to  reduce  heat  loss  and  gain.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  transfer  of  heat  is  caused  by  the  temperature  difference  between  indoors  and  outdoors.  heat  may  be  transferred  either  by  conduction,  convection,  or  radiation.  the  rate  of  transmission  is  closely  related  to  the  propagating  medium.  heat  is  lost  or  gained  by  transmission  through  the  ceilings,  walls,  floors,  windows,  and  doors.  this  heat  reduction  and  acquisition  are  usually  unwelcome.  it  not  only  increases  the  load  on  the  hvac  system  resulting  in  more  energy  wastes  but  also  reduces  the  thermal  comfort  of  people  in  the  building.  thermal  insulation  in  buildings  is  an  important  factor  in  achieving  thermal  comfort  for  its  occupants.  insulation
__label__environmentmonitoring reduces  unwanted  heat  loss  or  gain  and  can  decrease  the  energy  demands  of  heating  and  cooling  systems.  it  does  not  necessarily  deal  with  issues  of  adequate  ventilation  and  may  or  may  not  affect  the  level  of  sound  insulation.  in  a  narrow  sense  insulation  can  just  refer  to  the  insulation  materials  employed  to  slow  heat  loss,  such  as:  cellulose,  glass  wool,  rock  wool,  polystyrene,  urethane  foam,  vermiculite,  perlite,  wood  fiber,  plant  fiber  cannabis,  flax,  cotton,  cork,  etc.,  recycled  cotton  denim,  plant  straw,  animal  fiber  sheeps  wool,  cement,  and  earth  or  soil,  reflective  insulation  also  known  as  radiant  barrier  but  it  can
__label__environmentmonitoring also  involve  a  range  of  designs  and  techniques  to  address  the  main  modes  of  heat  transfer  conduction,  radiation,  and  convection  materials.most  of  the  materials  in  the  above  list  only  retain  a  large  amount  of  air  or  other  gases  between  the  molecules  of  the  material.  the  gas  conducts  heat  much  less  than  the  solids.  these  materials  can  form  gas  cavities,  which  can  be  used  to  insulate  heat  with  low  heat  transfer  efficiency.  this  situation  also  occurs  in  the  fur  of  animals  and  birds  feathers,  animal  hair  can  employ  the  low  thermal  conductivity  of  small  pockets  of  gas,  so  as  to  achieve
__label__environmentmonitoring the  purpose  of  reducing  heat  loss.the  effectiveness  of  reflective  insulation  radiant  barrier  is  commonly  evaluated  by  the  reflectivity  emittance  of  the  surface  with  airspace  facing  to  the  heat  source.the  effectiveness  of  bulk  insulation  is  commonly  evaluated  by  its  rvalue,  of  which  there  are  two  metric  si  and  us  customary,  the  former  being  0.176  times  the  latter.  for  attics,  it  is  recommended  that  it  should  be  at  least  r38  us  customary,  r6.7  metric.  however,  an  rvalue  does  not  take  into  account  the  quality  of  construction  or  local  environmental  factors  for  each  building.  construction  quality  issues  include  inadequate  vapor  barriers  and  problems
__label__environmentmonitoring with  draftproofing.  in  addition,  the  properties  and  density  of  the  insulation  material  itself  are  critical.  the  history  of  thermal  insulation  the  history  of  thermal  insulation  is  not  so  long  compared  with  other  materials,  but  human  beings  have  been  aware  of  the  importance  of  insulation  for  a  long  time.  in  the  prehistoric  time,  human  beings  began  their  activity  of  making  shelters  against  wild  animals  and  heavy  weather,  human  beings  started  their  exploration  of  thermal  insulation.  prehistoric  peoples  built  their  dwellings  by  using  the  materials  of  animal  skins,  fur  and  plant  materials  like  reed,  flax,  and  straw,  these  materials  were  first  used
__label__environmentmonitoring as  clothing  materials,  because  of  their  dwellings  were  temporary,  they  were  more  likely  to  use  the  materials  they  used  in  clothing,  which  were  easy  to  obtain  and  process.  the  materials  of  animal  furs  and  plant  products  can  hold  a  large  amount  of  air  between  molecules  which  can  create  an  air  cavity  to  reduce  the  heat  exchange.later,  human  beings  long  life  span  and  development  of  agriculture  determined  that  they  needed  a  fixed  place  of  residence,  earthsheltered  houses,  stone  houses,  and  cave  dwellings  began  to  emerge.  the  high  density  of  these  materials  can  cause  a  time  lag  effect  in  thermal  transfer,  which
__label__environmentmonitoring can  make  the  inside  temperature  change  slowly.  this  effect  keep  inside  of  the  buildings  warm  in  winter  and  cool  in  summer,  also  because  of  the  materials  like  earth  or  stone  is  easy  to  get,  this  design  is  really  popular  in  many  places  like  russia,  iceland,  greenland.organic  materials  were  the  first  available  to  build  a  shelter  for  people  to  protect  themselves  from  bad  weather  conditions  and  to  help  keep  them  warm.  but  organic  materials  like  animal  and  plant  fiber  cannot  exist  for  a  long  time,  so  these  natural  materials  cannot  satisfy  peoples  longterm  need  for  thermal  insulation.  so,  people  began  to
__label__environmentmonitoring search  for  substitutes  which  are  more  durable.  in  the  19th  century,  people  were  no  longer  satisfied  with  using  natural  materials  for  thermal  insulation,  they  processed  the  organic  materials  and  produced  the  first  insulated  panels.  at  the  same  time,  more  and  more  artificial  materials  start  to  emerge,  and  a  large  range  of  artificial  thermal  insulation  materials  were  developed,  e.g.  rock  wool,  fiberglass,  foam  glass,  and  hollow  bricks.  the  significance  of  thermal  insulation  thermal  insulation  can  play  a  significant  role  in  buildings,  great  demands  of  thermal  comfort  result  in  a  large  amount  of  energy  consumed  for  fullheating  for  all  rooms.  around  40
__label__environmentmonitoring of  energy  consumption  can  be  attributed  to  the  building,  mainly  consumed  by  heating  or  cooling.  sufficient  thermal  insulation  is  the  fundamental  task  that  ensures  a  healthy  indoor  environment  and  against  structure  damages.  it  is  also  a  key  factor  in  dealing  with  high  energy  consumption,  it  can  reduce  the  heat  flow  through  the  building  envelope.  good  thermal  insulation  can  also  bring  the  following  benefits  to  the  building:1.  preventing  building  damage  caused  by  the  formation  of  moisture  on  the  inside  of  the  building  envelope.  thermal  insulation  makes  sure  that  the  temperatures  of  room  surface  dont  fall  below  a  critical  level,  which  avoids
__label__environmentmonitoring condensation  and  the  formation  of  mould.  according  to  the  building  damage  reports,  12.7  and  14  of  building  damages  were  caused  by  mould  problems.  if  there  is  no  sufficient  thermal  insulation  in  the  building,  high  relative  humidity  inside  the  building  will  lead  to  condensation  and  finally  result  in  mould  problems.2.  producing  a  comfortable  thermal  environment  for  people  living  in  the  building.  good  thermal  insulation  allows  sufficiently  high  temperatures  inside  the  building  during  the  winter,  and  it  also  achieves  the  same  level  of  thermal  comfort  by  offering  relatively  low  air  temperature  in  the  summer.3.  reducing  unwanted  heating  or  cooling  energy  input.  thermal
__label__environmentmonitoring insulation  reduces  the  heat  exchange  through  the  building  envelope,  which  allows  the  heating  and  cooling  machines  to  achieve  the  same  indoor  air  temperature  with  less  energy  input.  planning  and  examples  how  much  insulation  a  house  should  have  depends  on  building  design,  climate,  energy  costs,  budget,  and  personal  preference.  regional  climates  make  for  different  requirements.  building  codes  often  set  minimum  standards  for  fire  safety  and  energy  efficiency,  which  can  be  voluntarily  exceeded  within  the  context  of  sustainable  architecture  for  green  certifications  such  as  leed.the  insulation  strategy  of  a  building  needs  to  be  based  on  a  careful  consideration  of  the  mode  of
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  transfer  and  the  direction  and  intensity  in  which  it  moves.  this  may  alter  throughout  the  day  and  from  season  to  season.  it  is  important  to  choose  an  appropriate  design,  the  correct  combination  of  materials  and  building  techniques  to  suit  the  particular  situation.  in  the  united  states  of  america  the  thermal  insulation  requirements  in  the  usa  follow  the  ashrae  90.1  which  is  the  u.s.  energy  standard  for  all  commercial  and  some  residential  buildings.  ashrae  90.1  standard  considers  multiple  perspectives  such  as  prescriptive,  building  envelope  types  and  energy  cost  budget.  and  the  standard  has  some  mandatory  thermal  insulation  requirements.  all  thermal
__label__environmentmonitoring insulation  requirements  in  ashrae  90.1  are  divided  by  the  climate  zone,  it  means  that  the  amount  of  insulation  needed  for  a  building  is  determined  by  which  climate  zone  the  building  locates.  the  thermal  insulation  requirements  are  shown  as  rvalue  and  continuous  insulation  rvalue  as  the  second  index.  the  requirements  for  different  types  of  walls  wood  framed  walls,  steel  framed  walls  and  mass  walls  are  shown  in  the  table.to  determine  whether  you  should  add  insulation,  you  first  need  to  find  out  how  much  insulation  you  already  have  in  your  home  and  where.  a  qualified  home  energy  auditor  will  include  an  insulation
__label__environmentmonitoring check  as  a  routine  part  of  a  wholehouse  energy  audit.  however,  you  can  sometimes  perform  a  selfassessment  in  certain  areas  of  the  home,  such  as  attics.  here,  a  visual  inspection,  along  with  use  of  a  ruler,  can  give  you  a  sense  of  whether  you  may  benefit  from  additional  insulation.an  initial  estimate  of  insulation  needs  in  the  united  states  can  be  determined  by  the  us  department  of  energys  zip  code  insulation  calculator.  russia  in  russia,  the  availability  of  abundant  and  cheap  gas  has  led  to  poorly  insulated,  overheated  and  inefficient  consumption  of  energy.  the  russian  center  for  energy  efficiency  found  that
__label__environmentmonitoring russian  buildings  are  either  over  or  underheated,  and  often  consume  up  to  50  percent  more  heat  and  hot  water  than  needed.  53  percent  of  all  carbon  dioxide  co2  emissions  in  russia  are  produced  through  heating  and  generating  electricity  for  buildings.  however,  greenhouse  gas  emissions  from  the  former  soviet  bloc  are  still  below  their  1990  levels.energy  codes  in  russia  start  to  establish  in  1955,  norms  and  rules  first  mentioned  the  performance  of  the  building  envelope  and  heat  losses,  and  they  formed  norms  to  regulate  the  energy  characteristics  of  the  building  envelope.  and  the  most  recent  version  of  russia  energy  code  sp
__label__environmentmonitoring 50.13330.2012  was  published  in  2003.  the  energy  codes  of  russia  were  established  by  experts  of  government  institutes  or  nongovernmental  organization  like  abok.  the  energy  code  of  russia  have  been  revised  several  times  since  1955,  the  1995  versions  reduced  energy  depletion  per  square  meter  for  heating  by  20,  and  the  2000  version  reduced  by  40.  the  code  also  has  a  mandatory  requirement  on  thermal  insulation  of  buildings  accompany  with  some  voluntary  provisions,  mainly  focused  on  heat  loss  from  the  building  shell.  australia  the  thermal  insulation  requirements  of  australia  follow  the  climate  of  the  building  location,  the  table  below  is  the  minimum
__label__environmentmonitoring insulation  requirements  based  on  climate,  which  is  determined  by  bca.  the  building  in  australia  applies  insulation  in  roofs,  ceilings,  external  walls  and  various  components  of  the  building  such  as  veranda  roofs  in  the  hot  climate,  bulkhead,  floors.  bulkheads  wall  section  between  ceilings  which  are  in  different  heights  should  have  the  same  insulated  level  as  the  ceilings  since  they  suffer  the  same  temperature  levels.  and  the  external  walls  of  australias  building  should  be  insulated  to  decrease  all  kinds  of  heat  transfer.  besides  the  walls  and  ceilings,  the  australia  energy  code  also  requires  insulation  for  floors  not  all  floors.  raised  timber  floors
__label__environmentmonitoring must  have  around  400mm  soil  clearance  below  the  lowest  timbers  to  provide  sufficient  space  for  insulation,  and  concrete  slab  such  as  suspended  slabs  and  slabonground  should  be  insulated  in  the  same  way.  china  china  has  various  climatic  characters,  which  are  divided  by  geographical  areas.  as  a  result,  there  are  five  climate  zones  in  china  to  identify  the  building  design  include  thermal  insulation.  the  very  cold  zone,  cold  zone,  hot  summer  and  cold  winter  zone,  hot  summer  and  warm  winter  zone  and  cold  winter  zone.  germany  germany  established  its  requirements  of  building  energy  efficiency  in  1977,  and  the  first  energy  codethe
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  saving  ordinance  enev  which  based  on  the  building  performance  was  introduced  in  2002.  and  the  2009  version  of  the  energy  saving  ordinance  increased  the  minimum  rvalues  of  the  thermal  insulation  of  the  building  shell  and  introduced  requirements  for  airtightness  tests.  the  energy  saving  ordinance  enev  2013  clarified  the  requirement  of  thermal  insulation  of  the  ceiling.  and  it  mentioned  that  if  the  ceiling  was  not  fulfilled,  thermal  insulation  will  be  needed  in  accessible  ceilings  over  upper  floors  heated  rooms.  uvalue  must  be  under  0.24  watts/mk  the  netherlands  the  building  decree  of  the  netherlands  makes  a  clear  distinction  between  home  renovation
__label__environmentmonitoring or  newly  build  houses.  new  builds  count  as  completely  new  homes,  but  also  new  additions  and  extensions  are  considered  to  be  new  builds.  furthermore,  renovations  whereby  at  least  25  of  the  surface  of  the  integral  building  is  changed  or  enlarged  is  also  considered  to  be  a  new  build.  therefore,  during  thorough  renovations,  theres  a  chance  that  the  new  construction  must  meet  the  new  building  requirement  for  insulation  of  the  netherlands.  if  the  renovation  is  of  a  smaller  nature,  the  renovation  directive  applies.  examples  of  renovation  are  postinsulation  of  a  cavity  wall  and  postinsulation  of  a  sloping  roof  against  the  roof
__label__environmentmonitoring boarding  or  under  the  tiles.  note  that  every  renovation  must  meet  the  minimum  rc  value  of  1.3  w  /  mk.  if  the  current  insulation  has  a  higher  insulation  value  the  legally  obtained  level,  then  this  value  counts  as  a  lower  limit.  technologies  and  strategies  in  different  climates  cold  climates  strategies  in  cold  climate  in  cold  conditions,  the  main  aim  is  to  reduce  heat  flow  out  of  the  building.  the  components  of  the  building  envelopewindows,  doors,  roofs,  floors/foundations,  walls,  and  air  infiltration  barriersare  all  important  sources  of  heat  loss;  in  an  otherwise  well  insulated  home,  windows  will  then  become  an  important
__label__environmentmonitoring source  of  heat  transfer.  the  resistance  to  conducted  heat  loss  for  standard  glazing  corresponds  to  an  rvalue  of  about  0.17  m2kw1  compared  to  24  m2kw1  for  glass  wool  batts.  losses  can  be  reduced  by  good  weatherisation,  bulk  insulation,  and  minimising  the  amount  of  noninsulative  particularly  nonsolar  facing  glazing.  indoor  thermal  radiation  can  also  be  a  disadvantage  with  spectrally  selective  lowe,  lowemissivity  glazing.  some  insulated  glazing  systems  can  double  to  triple  r  values.  technologies  in  cold  climate.  the  vacuum  panels  and  aerogel  wall  surface  insulation  are  two  technologies  that  can  enhance  the  energy  performance  and  thermal  insulating  effectiveness  of  the  residential
__label__environmentmonitoring buildings  and  commercial  buildings  in  cold  climate  regions  such  as  new  england  and  boston.  in  the  past  time,  the  price  of  thermal  insulation  materials  that  displayed  high  insulated  performance  was  very  expensive.  with  the  development  of  material  industry  and  the  booming  of  science  technologies,  more  and  more  insulation  materials  and  insulated  technologies  have  emerged  during  the  20th  century,  which  gives  us  various  options  for  building  insulation.  especially  in  the  cold  climate  areas,  a  large  amount  of  thermal  insulation  is  needed  to  deal  with  the  heat  losses  caused  by  cold  weather  infiltration,  ventilation,  and  radiation.  there  are  two  technologies  that  are
__label__environmentmonitoring worth  discussing:  exterior  insulation  system  eifs  based  on  vacuum  insulation  panels  vip.  vips  are  noticeable  because  of  their  ultrahigh  thermal  resistance,  their  ability  of  thermal  resistance  is  four  to  eight  times  more  than  conventional  foam  insulation  materials  which  lead  to  a  thinner  thickness  of  thermal  insulation  to  the  building  shell  compared  with  traditional  materials.  the  vips  are  usually  composed  of  core  panels  and  metallic  enclosures.  the  common  materials  that  used  to  produce  core  panels  are  fumed  and  precipitated  silica,  opencell  polyurethane  pu,  and  different  types  of  fiberglass.  and  the  core  panel  is  covered  by  the  metallic  enclosure  to  create  a
__label__environmentmonitoring vacuum  environment,  the  metallic  enclosure  can  make  sure  that  the  core  panel  is  kept  in  the  vacuum  environment.  although  this  material  has  a  high  thermal  performance,  it  still  maintains  a  high  price  in  the  last  twenty  years.  aerogel  exterior  and  interior  wall  surface  insulation.  aerogel  was  first  discovered  by  samuel  stephens  kistle  in  1931.  it  is  a  kind  of  gel  that  the  liquid  part  is  replaced  by  gas,  it  actually  is  composed  of  99  of  air.  this  material  has  a  relatively  high  rvalue  of  around  r10  per  inch  which  is  considerably  higher  compared  with  conventional  plastic  foam  insulation  materials.  but
__label__environmentmonitoring the  difficulties  in  processing  and  low  productivity  limit  the  development  of  aerogels,  the  cost  price  of  this  material  still  remains  at  a  high  level.  only  two  companies  in  the  united  states  offer  the  commercial  aerogel  product.  hot  climates  strategies  in  hot  climate  in  hot  conditions,  the  greatest  source  of  heat  energy  is  solar  radiation.  this  can  enter  buildings  directly  through  windows  or  it  can  heat  the  building  shell  to  a  higher  temperature  than  the  ambient,  increasing  the  heat  transfer  through  the  building  envelope.  the  solar  heat  gain  coefficient  shgc  a  measure  of  solar  heat  transmittance  of  standard  single  glazing  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  around  7885.  solar  gain  can  be  reduced  by  adequate  shading  from  the  sun,  light  coloured  roofing,  spectrally  selective  heatreflective  paints  and  coatings  and  various  types  of  insulation  for  the  rest  of  the  envelope.  specially  coated  glazing  can  reduce  shgc  to  around  10.  radiant  barriers  are  highlyeffective  for  attic  spaces  in  hot  climates.  in  this  application,  they  are  much  more  effective  in  hot  climates  than  cold  climates.  for  downward  heat  flow,  convection  is  weak  and  radiation  dominates  heat  transfer  across  an  air  space.  radiant  barriers  must  face  an  adequate  airgap  to  be  effective.if  refrigerative  airconditioning  is  employed  in  a  hot,
__label__environmentmonitoring humid  climate,  then  it  is  particularly  important  to  seal  the  building  envelope.  dehumidification  of  humid  air  infiltration  can  waste  significant  energy.  on  the  other  hand,  some  building  designs  are  based  on  effective  crossventilation  instead  of  refrigerative  airconditioning  to  provide  convective  cooling  from  prevailing  breezes.  technologies  in  hot  climate  in  hot  dry  climate  regions  like  egypt  and  africa,  thermal  comfort  in  the  summer  is  the  main  question,  nearly  half  of  energy  consumption  in  urban  area  is  depleted  by  air  conditioning  system  to  satisfy  peoples  demand  for  thermal  comfort,  many  developing  countries  in  hot  dry  climate  region  suffer  a  shortage  of  electricity
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  summer  due  to  the  increasing  use  of  cooling  machines.  a  new  technology  called  cool  roof  has  been  introduced  to  ameliorate  this  situation.  in  the  past,  architects  used  thermal  mass  materials  to  improve  thermal  comfort,  the  heavy  thermal  insulation  could  cause  the  timelag  effect  which  might  slow  down  the  speed  of  heat  transfer  during  the  daytime  and  keep  the  indoor  temperature  in  a  certain  range  hot  and  dry  climate  regions  usually  have  a  large  temperature  difference  between  the  day  and  night.the  cool  roof  is  lowcost  technology  based  on  solar  reflectance  and  thermal  emittance,  which  uses  reflective  materials  and  light
__label__environmentmonitoring colors  to  reflect  the  solar  radiation.  the  solar  reflectance  and  the  thermal  emittance  are  two  key  factors  that  determine  the  thermal  performance  of  the  roof,  and  they  can  also  improve  the  effectiveness  of  the  thermal  insulation  since  around  30  solar  radiation  is  reflected  back  to  the  sky.  the  shape  of  the  roof  is  also  under  consideration,  the  curved  roof  can  receive  less  solar  energy  compared  with  conventional  shapes.  meanwhile,  the  drawback  of  this  technology  is  obvious  that  the  high  reflectivity  will  cause  visual  discomfort.  on  the  other  hand,  the  high  reflectivity  and  thermal  emittance  of  the  roof  will  increase  the
__label__environmentmonitoring heating  load  of  the  building.  orientation  passive  solar  design  optimal  placement  of  building  elements  e.g.  windows,  doors,  heaters  can  play  a  significant  role  in  insulation  by  considering  the  impact  of  solar  radiation  on  the  building  and  the  prevailing  breezes.  reflective  laminates  can  help  reduce  passive  solar  heat  in  pole  barns,  garages,  and  metal  buildings.  construction  see  insulated  glass  for  discussion  of  windows.  building  envelope  the  thermal  envelope  defines  the  conditioned  or  living  space  in  a  house.  the  attic  or  basement  may  or  may  not  be  included  in  this  area.  reducing  airflow  from  inside  to  outside  can  help  to  reduce  convective
__label__environmentmonitoring heat  transfer  significantly.ensuring  low  convective  heat  transfer  also  requires  attention  to  building  construction  weatherization  and  the  correct  installation  of  insulative  materials.the  less  natural  airflow  into  a  building,  the  more  mechanical  ventilation  will  be  required  to  support  human  comfort.  high  humidity  can  be  a  significant  issue  associated  with  lack  of  airflow,  causing  condensation,  rotting  construction  materials,  and  encouraging  microbial  growth  such  as  mould  and  bacteria.  moisture  can  also  drastically  reduce  the  effectiveness  of  insulation  by  creating  a  thermal  bridge  see  below.  air  exchange  systems  can  be  actively  or  passively  incorporated  to  address  these  problems.  thermal  bridge  thermal  bridges  are  points  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  building  envelope  that  allow  heat  conduction  to  occur.  since  heat  flows  through  the  path  of  least  resistance,  thermal  bridges  can  contribute  to  poor  energy  performance.  a  thermal  bridge  is  created  when  materials  create  a  continuous  path  across  a  temperature  difference,  in  which  the  heat  flow  is  not  interrupted  by  thermal  insulation.  common  building  materials  that  are  poor  insulators  include  glass  and  metal.a  building  design  may  have  limited  capacity  for  insulation  in  some  areas  of  the  structure.  a  common  construction  design  is  based  on  stud  walls,  in  which  thermal  bridges  are  common  in  wood  or  steel  studs  and  joists,  which
__label__environmentmonitoring are  typically  fastened  with  metal.  notable  areas  that  most  commonly  lack  sufficient  insulation  are  the  corners  of  buildings,  and  areas  where  insulation  has  been  removed  or  displaced  to  make  room  for  system  infrastructure,  such  as  electrical  boxes  outlets  and  light  switches,  plumbing,  fire  alarm  equipment,  etc.thermal  bridges  can  also  be  created  by  uncoordinated  construction,  for  example  by  closing  off  parts  of  external  walls  before  they  are  fully  insulated.the  existence  of  inaccessible  voids  within  the  wall  cavity  which  are  devoid  of  insulation  can  be  a  source  of  thermal  bridging.some  forms  of  insulation  transfer  heat  more  readily  when  wet,  and  can  therefore
__label__environmentmonitoring also  form  a  thermal  bridge  in  this  state.the  heat  conduction  can  be  minimized  by  any  of  the  following:  reducing  the  cross  sectional  area  of  the  bridges,  increasing  the  bridge  length,  or  decreasing  the  number  of  thermal  bridges.one  method  of  reducing  thermal  bridge  effects  is  the  installation  of  an  insulation  board  e.g.  foam  board  eps  xps,  wood  fibre  board,  etc.  over  the  exterior  outside  wall.  another  method  is  using  insulated  lumber  framing  for  a  thermal  break  inside  the  wall.  installation  insulating  buildings  during  construction  is  much  easier  than  retrofitting,  as  generally  the  insulation  is  hidden,  and  parts  of  the  building  need
__label__environmentmonitoring to  be  deconstructed  to  reach  them.  materials  there  are  essentially  two  types  of  building  insulation  bulk  insulation  and  reflective  insulation.  most  buildings  use  a  combination  of  both  types  to  make  up  a  total  building  insulation  system.  the  type  of  insulation  used  is  matched  to  create  maximum  resistance  to  each  of  the  three  forms  of  building  heat  transfer  conduction,  convection,  and  radiation.  the  classification  of  thermal  insulation  materials  according  to  three  ways  of  heat  exchangemost  thermal  insulation  we  used  in  our  building  can  be  divided  into  two  categories:  conductive  and  convective  insulators  and  radiant  heat  barriers.  and  there  are  more  detailed
__label__environmentmonitoring classifications  to  distinguish  between  different  materials.  many  thermal  insulation  materials  work  by  creating  tiny  air  cavity  between  molecules,  this  air  cavity  can  largely  reduce  the  heat  exchange  through  the  materials.  but  there  are  two  exceptions  which  dont  use  air  cavity  as  their  functional  element  to  prevent  heat  transfer.  one  is  reflective  thermal  insulation,  which  creates  a  great  airspace  by  forming  a  radiation  barrier  by  attaching  metal  foil  on  one  side  or  both  sides,  this  thermal  insulation  mainly  reduces  the  radiation  heat  transfer.  although  the  polished  metal  foil  attached  on  the  materials  can  only  prevent  the  radiation  heat  transfer,  its  effect
__label__environmentmonitoring to  stop  heat  transfer  can  be  dramatic.  another  thermal  insulation  that  doesnt  apply  air  cavity  is  vacuum  insulation,  the  vacuuminsulated  panels  can  stop  all  kinds  of  convection  and  conduction  and  it  can  also  largely  mitigate  the  radiation  heat  transfer.  but  the  effectiveness  of  vacuum  insulation  is  also  limited  by  the  edge  of  the  material,  since  the  edge  of  the  vacuum  panel  can  form  a  thermal  bridge  which  leads  to  a  reduction  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  vacuum  insulation.  the  effectiveness  of  the  vacuum  insulation  is  also  related  to  the  area  of  the  vacuum  panels.  conductive  and  convective  insulators  bulk  insulators
__label__environmentmonitoring block  conductive  heat  transfer  and  convective  flow  either  into  or  out  of  a  building.  the  denser  a  material  is,  the  better  it  will  conduct  heat.  because  air  has  such  low  density,  air  is  a  very  poor  conductor  and  therefore  makes  a  good  insulator.  insulation  to  resist  conductive  heat  transfer  uses  air  spaces  between  fibers,  inside  foam  or  plastic  bubbles  and  in  building  cavities  like  the  attic.  this  is  beneficial  in  an  actively  cooled  or  heated  building,  but  can  be  a  liability  in  a  passively  cooled  building;  adequate  provisions  for  cooling  by  ventilation  or  radiation  are  needed.  fibrous  insulation  materials  fibrous
__label__environmentmonitoring materials  are  made  by  tiny  diameter  fibers  which  evenly  distribute  the  airspace.  the  commonly  used  materials  are  silica,  glass,  rock  wool,  and  slag  wool.  glass  fiber  and  mineral  wool  are  two  insulation  materials  that  are  most  widely  used  in  this  type.  cellular  insulation  materials  cellular  insulation  is  composed  of  small  cells  which  are  separated  from  each  other.  the  commonly  cellular  materials  are  glass  and  foamed  plastic  like  polystyrene,  polyolefin,  and  polyurethane.  radiant  heat  barriers  radiant  barriers  work  in  conjunction  with  an  air  space  to  reduce  radiant  heat  transfer  across  the  air  space.  radiant  or  reflective  insulation  reflects  heat  instead  of
__label__environmentmonitoring either  absorbing  it  or  letting  it  pass  through.  radiant  barriers  are  often  seen  used  in  reducing  downward  heat  flow,  because  upward  heat  flow  tends  to  be  dominated  by  convection.  this  means  that  for  attics,  ceilings,  and  roofs,  they  are  most  effective  in  hot  climates.they  also  have  a  role  in  reducing  heat  losses  in  cool  climates.  however,  much  greater  insulation  can  be  achieved  through  the  addition  of  bulk  insulators  see  above.some  radiant  barriers  are  spectrally  selective  and  will  preferentially  reduce  the  flow  of  infrared  radiation  in  comparison  to  other  wavelengths.  for  instance  lowemissivity  lowe  windows  will  transmit  light  and  shortwave  infrared
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  into  a  building  but  reflect  the  longwave  infrared  radiation  generated  by  interior  furnishings.  similarly,  special  heatreflective  paints  are  able  to  reflect  more  heat  than  visible  light,  or  vice  versa.thermal  emissivity  values  probably  best  reflect  the  effectiveness  of  radiant  barriers.  some  manufacturers  quote  an  equivalent  rvalue  for  these  products  but  these  figures  can  be  difficult  to  interpret,  or  even  misleading,  since  rvalue  testing  measures  total  heat  loss  in  a  laboratory  setting  and  does  not  control  the  type  of  heat  loss  responsible  for  the  net  result  radiation,  conduction,  convection.a  film  of  dirt  or  moisture  can  alter  the  emissivity  and  hence  the
__label__environmentmonitoring performance  of  radiant  barriers.  ecofriendly  insulation  ecofriendly  insulation  is  a  term  used  for  insulating  products  with  limited  environmental  impact.  the  commonly  accepted  approach  to  determine  whether  or  not  an  insulation  products,  but  in  fact  any  product  or  service  is  ecofriendly  is  by  doing  a  lifecycle  assessment  lca.  a  number  of  studies  compared  the  environmental  impact  of  insulation  materials  in  their  application.  the  comparison  shows  that  most  important  is  the  insulation  value  of  the  product  meeting  the  technical  requirements  for  the  application.  only  in  a  second  order  step  a  differentiation  between  materials  becomes  relevant.  the  report  commissioned  by  the  belgian  government
__label__environmentmonitoring to  vito  is  a  good  example  of  such  a  study.  a  valuable  way  to  graphically  represent  such  results  is  by  a  spider  diagram.  see  also  references  external  links  tips  for  selecting  roof  insulationresources  on  the  history  of  insulation.  solarhousehistory.com.
__label__environmentmonitoring published  august  09,  2016  monitoring  air  monitoring  water  monitoring  soil  monitoring  forests  monitoring  for  natural  disasters  monitoring  fisheries  monitoring  snowfall  levels  monitoring  data  centers  low  power,  widearea  networks  lpwan  as  an  ideal  choice  long  battery  life  low  cost.  long  range.  satellite  backhaul  ability  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and
__label__environmentmonitoring m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for  the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link
__label__environmentmonitoring covering  the  latest  news  and  technologies  around  internet  of  things,  machine  learning,  and  more.  menu  ,  pollution  around  the  globe  now  contributes  to  an  estimated  9  million  deathsannually  or  roughly  one  in  six  people.  with  sprawling  population  growth  comes  more  industrialbased  jobs  resulting  in  massive  increases  in  pollution.  combine  swelling  population  growth  and  pollution  with  more  severe  droughts,  floods,  and  storms  and  it  becomes  clear  that  finding  a  solution  to  climate  change  is  of  the  utmost  importance.  so  how  do  we  protect  our  only  planet?  one  way  is  by  collecting  environmental  data  to  understand  our  physical  world,  and  then  using
__label__environmentmonitoring it  to  influence  policy,  draw  attention  to  local  and  national  issues,  and  pursue  pathways  to  solving  this  global  crisis.  is  the  collection  of  measurements  from  the  physical  world  that  determine  the  status  and  trends  of  environmental  conditions.  it  is  critical  to  the  protection  of  human  health,  environmental  sustainability,  and  policy  development.  environmental  monitoring,  maybe  better  called  human  ecosystem  monitoring,  is  about  tracking  data  points  related  to  core  human  health,  and  ensures  access  to  resources  vital  to  our  ability  to  live  and  thrive.  further,  its  as  much  about  preserving  human  health  and  reducing  organizational  financial  liabilities  as  it  is  about  resource
__label__environmentmonitoring conservation.  if  that  helps  people  better  understand  the  value,  than  so  be  it.  environmental  monitoring  data  is  being  used  to:  environmental  monitoring  efforts  around  the  world  are  disparate,  and  inconsistent  at  best.  very  few  countries  in  europe  and  central  asia  are  able  to  maintain  monitoring  systems.  even  then,  the  lack  of  consistent  data  is  oftentimes  difficult  to  overcome.  as  a  former  environmental  consultant,  i  can  attest  that  the  current  process  of  collecting  environmental  data  can  be  extremely  difficult.  why?  a  number  of  factors  including:  as  the  is  set  in  motion,  environmental  monitoring  with  new  technologies  like  the  internet  of  things
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  can  help  to  protect  our  natural  resources  like  we  have  never  seen  before.  iot  can  be  the  inner  workings  behind  a  healthy  society  that  has  a  bountiful  of  clean  air,  water,  and  an  abundant  amount  of  fresh  food  without  expensing  the  environment.  why?  because  can  provide:  creating  a  which  is  an  infrastructure  of  nodes  machines/sensors  that  are  wirelessly  connected  to  each  other  is  one  way  that  iot  can  overcome  traditional  environmental  monitoring  practices.  these  nodes  or  sensors  can  be  spread  out  in  a  given  area  to  collect  data.  the  data  is  then  shared  as  the  sensors  piggyback  off  one
__label__environmentmonitoring another  other  to  extend  a  radio  signal  on  a  network  to  relay  information  to  a  central  hub.  by  installing  a  mesh  network  of  environmental  monitoring  sensors,  continuous  and  periodic  data  collection  and  recordings  can  be  made  available  to  stakeholders  be  it  to  management,  public  authorities,  and  the  general  public.  imagine  if  your  city  had  air  quality  sensors  hidden  in  the  infrastructure  that  constantly  pulled  data  about  the  air  you  breathe.  if  a  carcinogen  was  released  on  the  outskirts  of  your  city  by  accident,  you  could  get  an  alert  telling  you  that  the  current  air  quality  is  dangerous,  and  to  please
__label__environmentmonitoring stay  inside.  traditionally  speaking,  it  would  take  time  for  an  environmental  consultant  arrive  in  this  area,  take  measurements,  and  recommend  the  best  way  to  mitigate  the  source  of  pollution.  but  with  a  mesh  network,  the  data  would  become  immediate,  helping  the  environmental  consultant  make  quicker  recommendations.  as  a  result,  citizens  would  be  aware  of  their  surroundings,  and  would  be  able  to  make  evidencebased  decisions  asap.  if  environmental  monitoring  data  was  made  available  to  the  public,  private  citizens  and  community  groups  would  be  able  to  bring  up  problems  like  air  quality  concerns  to  local  government  officials  and  push  for  new  legislative
__label__environmentmonitoring policies  to  protect  their  communities.  the  local  government  could  even  combine  this  data  with  geographical  information  systems  gis  to  better  understand  a  affected  region  and  push  through  new  compliance  regulations.  in  short,  the  more  the  environmental  monitoring  data  is  made  available,  the  better  equipped  we  are  to  advocate  and  enact  policies  that  can  dramatically  improve  our  quality  of  life.  ten  years  ago,  environmental  sensing  hardware  could  cost  well  into  the  thousands  of  dollars  for  a  single  monitoring  device.  today,  environmental  monitoring  hardware  and  software  is  now  more  affordable  than  ever  before  and  can  be  integrated  with  a  light  touch.  there
__label__environmentmonitoring are  hundreds  of  hardware  manufacturers  that  are  producing  utility  grade  sensors  with  great  accuracy  at  a  low  cost  and  ruggedizing  hardware  has  become  much  easier  thanks  to  new  technologies  like  3d  printing.  the  makes  it  easy  to  deploy  environmental  monitoring  applications  everywhere.  environmental  monitoring  software  is  also  evolving  such  that  you  no  longer  need  an  it  employee  to  install  a  software  program.  as  the  culture  of  iot  software  shifts  to  become  more  democratic  thanks  to  things  like  machinegenerated  and  lowcode  software  options,  everyone  can  learn  about  their  physical  environmental  in  realtime  in  any  part  of  the  world.  its  a  beautiful
__label__environmentmonitoring thing  when  we  can  learn  and  share  our  knowledge  with  one  another.  air  pollution  is  deteriorating  both  the  human  and  environmental  health  of  the  planet.  in  fact,  according  to  the  ,  an  estimated  4.6  million  people  die  each  year  from  causes  directly  attributable  to  air  pollution.  an  estimated  4.6  million  people  die  each  year  from  causes  directly  attributable  to  air  pollution.  not  to  mention  that  air  pollutants  in  the  form  of  acid  rain  are  permanently  damaging  some  of  the  worlds  most  beloved  such  as  the  taj  mahal,  the  colosseum,  the  leshan  buddha,  and  the  arch  of  hadrian.  so  where  do
__label__environmentmonitoring these  air  pollutants  come  from?  mostly  from  emissions  from  oil  and  gas  combustion  processes  in  the  form  of  nitrogen  oxides  and  particulate  matter,  as  well  as  sulphur  from  vehicles,  commercial  maritime  vessels,  utilities,  and  waste  disposal.  air  pollutant  concentration  is  heavily  affected  by  wind  and  topography.  having  a  mesh  network  of  interconnected  sensors  that  read  temperature,  humidity,  nitrogen  oxides,  particulate  matter,  sulphur,  and  wind  speed  would  be  ideal  for  monitoring  air  quality.  the  data  could  pinpoint  the  source  of  pollution  or  areas  greatly  impacted  by  pollution.  protecting  water  resources  be  it  freshwater,  groundwater,  rainwater,  ocean  water,  recycled  water,  or  brackish
__label__environmentmonitoring water  continuously  ranks  in  the  top  10  environmental  risk  factors  in  the  for  the  past  6  years.  why?  because  water  has  an  intrinsic  environmental  and  socioeconomic  value,  and  without  it,  we  die.  is  critical  to  our  survival.  from  a  geopolitical  perspective,  countries  are  fighting  over  depleting  transboundary  freshwater  resources.  take  syria  for  example.  millions  of  people  have  fled  their  homes  due  to  a  depleting  water  system  exacerbated  by  transboundary  political  issues.  from  an  environmental  perspective,  coral  reef  bleaching  is  decimating  oceanic  ecosystems  and  plummeting  fisheries  around  the  world.  imagine  if  we  were  able  to  collect  ocean  and  freshwater  data  in
__label__environmentmonitoring realtime  and  share  it  with  stakeholders.  we  could  make  evidencebased  decisions  to  protect  our  waterways  that  wouldextend  beyond  the  local  community  to  protect  people  downstream.  water  quality  monitoring  parameters  are  fairly  common  but  the  thresholds  are  different  depending  on  which  standards  are  used.  these  parameters  can  include  dissolved  oxygen,  ph,  salinity,  turbidity,  conductivity,  biological  contaminants,  sulphate,  phosphate,  etc.  for  example,  if  a  city  had  a  network  of  water  quality  sensors  embedded  into  their  waterways,  cso  outflow  points,  and  intertidal  zones,  water  conditions  would  be  available  in  realtime.  stakeholders  would  know  the  current  status  of  their  conditions  at  all  times.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  data  would  also  give  insight  into  how  the  are  reacting  to  current  weather  conditions  and  inform  better  management  practices.  seventy  percent  of  the  worlds  freshwater  resources  are  used  by  agriculture.  but  wait,  we  have  a  growing  population  and  we  have  to  feed  all  these  people  how  do  we  do  it?  well,  we  need  to  farm  more  efficiently.  traditional  methods  of  watering  crop  fields  are  incredibly  wasteful.  an  astonishing  of  the  water  diverted  or  pumped  for  irrigation  is  wastedvia  runoff  into  waterways  or  evapotranspiration.  the  runoff  then  flows  down  the  river  and  enters  oceans  causing  eutrophication  and  fish  kills  in
__label__environmentmonitoring communities  whose  livelihoods  depend  on  the  ocean.  ever  heard  of  climate  change  refugees?  they  are  real  people  who  are  leaving  their  homes  due  to  rising  sea  levels,  fish  kills,  and  overfishing.  the  best  way  to  stop  this  collateral  damage  is  to  address  the  root  of  the  problem  with  soil  moisture  monitoring.  i  have  a  sitting  on  my  desk  right  now,  and  it  is  not  only  incredibly  durable  and  accurate,  but  the  price  point  is  low,  and  the  sensor  will  last  for  57  years.  more  importantly,  if  these  low  cost  sensors  were  implemented  on  farms,  farmers  would  be  able  to  tell
__label__environmentmonitoring which  areas  on  their  land  are  dry,  the  ph,  levels  of  the  crops,  and  which  areas  are  oversaturated  with  water.  the  farmer  could  then  choose  when  and  how  to  water  their  crops.  not  only  does  this  iot  solution  save  money  by  reducing  water  usage,  it  also  aids  in  reducing  soil  erosion  and  eutrophication  down  stream.  environmental  monitoring  with  iot  enables  a  reliable  and  continuous  assessment  of  the  environments  current  condition,  its  trends,  and  predictability.  as  the  world  is  understanding  the  importance  of  data,  environmental  monitoring  can  positively  influence  regional,  continental,  and  global  discussions  on  how  to  scale  environmental  protection  policies.
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  one  of  the  quickest,  most  affordable  ways  we  can  understand  and  share  data  about  our  current  conditions,  and  where  we  can  make  improvements.  the  payoff?  protecting  our  lives  and  our  assets.  if  you  are  working  on  an  environmental  monitoring  solution  at  a  nonprofit  or  government  agency,  we  want  to  help.  we  offer  special  programs  and  discounts  for  using  temboos  kosmos  iot  system  for  environmental  monitoring  applications  that  contribute  to  sustainability,  legislation  changes,  or  community  improvement.  for  more  information,  contact  us  at  heytemboo.com.  related  briana  is  on  the  product  outreach  team  at  temboo.  she  helps  industries  harness  the  power
__label__environmentmonitoring of  iot  to  obtain  a  greater  data  insight  into  their  system  be  it  to  enhance  their  resource  management,  improve  their  operational  efficiency,  or  find  new  areas  of  growth.  she  is  personally  passionate  about  connecting  the  humanmade  world  with  the  natural  environment  with  iot  to  create  real,  longterm  sustainability  with  regards  to  water  quality,  energy  usage,  and  circular  economy.  is  temboos  allinone  saas  offering  for  industrial  internet  of  things  applications.  a  powerful  software  toolkit  that  lets  companies  develop,  deploy,  and  manage  their  own  iot  systems  no  coding  required.
__label__environmentmonitoring 100  increased  visibility  companies  who  implement  environmental  iot  sensors  can  monitor  field  assets  24/7  25  reduced  costs  monitoring  and  managing  field  assets  remotely  can  help  reduce  costs  by  25  10  improved  ranged  organizations  who  implement  wireless  remote  sensors  can  increase  monitoring  range  by  10  iot  technology  is  fundamental  to  our  business.  particle  was  the  perfect  iot  partner  and  helped  us  transform  the  world  of  passive  stormwater  systems  into  dynamic  and  controlled  smart  solutions.  ,cofounder  and  vp  of  information  and  technology  at  opti  particle  provides  everything  you  need  from  device  to  cloud  to  develop  and  integrate  an  iot  solution  for  your
__label__environmentmonitoring environmental  monitoring  needs.  our  product  and  services  include  connectivity  hardware  to  get  your  solution  connected  to  the  internet,  communication  protocols  that  work  out  of  the  box,  and  cloud  software  to  manage  your  fleet  of  devices  dont  take  it  from  us  though.  there  are  180,000  developers  around  the  world  using  particles  platform  and  8,500  companies  launching  products  powered  by  particle.  discover  how  mit  scientists  are  using  iot  to  monitor  pollutants  in  the  air.  read  the  blog  post  learn  how  oceanographers  harnessed  iot  to  better  understand  climate  change.  read  the  case  study  learn  how  jaza  energy  is  delivering  clean  energy  to  communities
__label__environmentmonitoring in  tanzania  with  iot.  read  the  blog  post  discover  how  lunar  outpost  won  1  million  for  building  a  iot  air  network  in  denver.  read  the  case  study  particle  2019,  all  rights  reserved  connect  anywhere  and  everywhere  with  cellular  iot,  now  with  lte  support  bring  your  product  online  with  wifi,  ideal  for  indoor  and  smart  home  applications  create  lowpower,  resilient  local  device  networks  with  particle  mesh  a  realtime  operating  system  designed  for  cloudconnected  embedded  hardware  cloud  infrastructure  to  build,  connect,  and  manage  your  iot  device  fleet  a  draganddrop  iot  application  builder  to  create  business  rules  in  the  cloud  welldocumented  and  easytouse
__label__environmentmonitoring tools  to  supercharge  your  iot  development  build  your  iot  product  from  concept  to  market  with  a  team  of  iot  experts  connect  your  constantly  moving  assets  to  keep  track  of  them  anywhere,  anytime  monitor  machine  performance  to  curtail  maintenance  issues  in  advance  collect  data  with  sensors  to  ensure  your  operations  meet  regulatory  standards  supervise  assets  remotely  to  collect  and  respond  to  environmental  indicators  improve  operating  efficiency  by  optimizing  management  of  raw  materials
__label__environmentmonitoring the  applications  of  iot  in  environmental  monitoring  are  broad  environmental  protection,  extreme  weather  monitoring,  water  safety,  endangered  species  protection,  commercial  farming,  and  more.  in  these  applications,  sensors  detect  and  measure  every  type  of  environmental  change.  current  monitoring  technology  for  air  and  water  safety  primarily  uses  manual  labor  along  with  advanced  instruments,  and  lab  processing.  iot  improves  on  this  technology  by  reducing  the  need  for  human  labor,  allowing  frequent  sampling,  increasing  the  range  of  sampling  and  monitoring,  allowing  sophisticated  testing  onsite,  and  binding  response  efforts  to  detection  systems.  this  allows  us  to  prevent  substantial  contamination  and  related  disasters.  though  powerful,  advanced
__label__environmentmonitoring systems  currently  in  use  allow  deep  monitoring,  they  suffer  from  using  broad  instruments,  such  as  radar  and  satellites,  rather  than  more  granular  solutions.  their  instruments  for  smaller  details  lack  the  same  accurate  targeting  of  stronger  technology.  new  iot  advances  promise  more  finegrained  data,  better  accuracy,  and  flexibility.  effective  forecasting  requires  high  detail  and  flexibility  in  range,  instrument  type,  and  deployment.  this  allows  early  detection  and  early  responses  to  prevent  loss  of  life  and  property.  todays  sophisticated  commercial  farms  have  exploited  advanced  technology  and  biotechnology  for  quite  some  time,  however,  iot  introduces  more  access  to  deeper  automation  and  analysis.  much  of
__label__environmentmonitoring commercial  farming,  like  weather  monitoring,  suffers  from  a  lack  of  precision  and  requires  human  labor  in  the  area  of  monitoring.  its  automation  also  remains  limited.  iot  allows  operations  to  remove  much  of  the  human  intervention  in  system  function,  farming  analysis,  and  monitoring.  systems  detect  changes  to  crops,  soil,  environment,  and  more.  they  optimize  standard  processes  through  analysis  of  large,  rich  data  collections.  they  also  prevent  health  hazards  e.g.,  e.  coli  from  happening  and  allow  better  control.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  facilities  management  fm  profession  is  changingand  has  been  for  the  past  several  years.  according  to  an  article  that  recently  appeared  in  what  does  that  mean?  the  same  article  explains:  that  means  becoming  adept  at  using  technology  and  data  to  deliver  advice,  insights,  and  new  services  to  the  workplace.  it  calls  out  the  internet  of  things  iot,  in  particular,  as  being  a  driving  force  behind  this  new  approach,  giving  facility  managers  a  better  way  to  understand,  evaluate,  andhopefullyimprove  building  environments.  in  order  for  any  iotbased  environmental  monitoring  approach  to  fulfill  those  expectations,  it  must  include  the  following:  in  this  article,
__label__environmentmonitoring well  take  a  closer  look  at  each  of  these  elements  and  how  they  come  together  to  help  todays  fms  provide  new,  highervalue  services  that  actually  enhance  both  the  environment  and  the  business.  environmental  monitoring  for  buildings  gives  facility  managers  an  indepth  understanding  of  the  environmental  aspects  of  physical  buildings  and/or  work  areas,  including:  datagathering  forms  the  foundation  of  all  iot  environmental  monitoring  systems,  and  the  data  you  collect  must  be  accurate  and  measurable  see  the  next  step  for  an  explanation  of  measurable  data.  monitoring  the  environment  for  purposes  of  gathering  operational  or  performance  data  requires  outfitting  your  building  with  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors.  iot  sensors  can  monitor  just  about  any  aspect  of  the  physical  world  with  great  accuracy.  its  possible  to  deploy  sensors  to  gather  data  on  everything  from  temperature  and  air  composition  to  water  quality,  light  levels,  and  more.  and  because  they  capture  data  remotely,  they  can  be  located  far  away  from  systems  that  ultimately  organize  and  catalog  the  data.  they  transmit  the  data  they  collect  to  a  server  in  the  cloud  via  gateways.  often,  sensor  data  is  tasked  with  capturing  information  relevant  to  a  particular  task,  so  the  data  can  be  used  to  make  process  improvements  for  the  purpose  of
__label__environmentmonitoring saving  money  or  increasing  efficiency.  sensors  collecting  the  data  and  cloudbased  analytics  measure  it,  assigning  it  realworld  values  so  it  can  be  interpreted  and  used  to  derive  insights.  physical  world  measures  such  as  volume,  flow,  acceleration,  saturation,  etc.  are  characteristics  with  a  spectrum  of  analog  values  that  could  range  from  zero  to  infinity.  think  of  it  like  the  speed  of  a  carits  not  helpful  to  simply  know  youre  going  fast,  but  it  is  useful  to  know  youre  traveling  at  80  miles  per  hour.  in  the  case  of  environmental  data,  sensors  may  measure  certain  pieces  of  data  and  assign  them  a
__label__environmentmonitoring specific,  measurable  number  of  amps  and  volts,  so  you  can  then  use  a  mathematical  formula  to  calculate  kilowattsa  designation  that  is  useful  for  understanding  your  buildings  energy  consumption.  similarly,  the  concentration  of  harmful  chemicals  in  the  air  could  be  used  to  establish  threshold  alerts  to  warn  occupants.  the  analog  data  collected  from  the  physical  world  must  then  be  translated  into  digital  data,  which  makes  it  possible  to  transmit  it  over  the  network  and  into  the  cloud  where  you  can  then  access  it  on  your  computer.  cataloging  is  essentially  the  process  of  assigning  context  to  the  data  youre  mining,  helping  you
__label__environmentmonitoring to  ultimately  answer  the  question,  what  am  i  looking  at?  the  iot  is  able  to  provide  context  by  aligning  the  data  points  and  actual  measurement  values  in  a  statistical  or  analytical  model.  cataloging  of  the  data  provides  a  framework  to  better  understand  the  relationship  of  variables  by  organizing  the  data  in  a  quantifiable  format.  data  cataloging  is  more  easily  understood  with  an  example.  in  the  book  big  data  by  v.  schonberger  and  k.  cukier,  the  authors  described  datafication  as  the  process  of  organizing  and  indexing  data  in  a  quantifiable  format.  they  point  to  a  naval  officer  maury,  who  in  1839
__label__environmentmonitoring developed  a  process  to  standardize  the  logging  of  nautical  data,  such  as  barometric  pressure,  compass,  and  sextant  data,  to  improve  navigation  and  sea  travel  efficiency.  it  wasnt  until  all  these  points  were  brought  together  that  their  relationships  could  be  examined  as  a  whole  and  the  data  interpreted  in  a  way  that  was  useful.  in  this  manner,  the  cataloging  of  data  serves  to  develop  an  enhanced  platform  for  data  engineering  schema  layout,  and  data  blending  for  analytics  and  machine  learning.  today  this  concept  is  also  called  datafication.  in  the  case  of  facility  management,  iotbased  environmental  monitoring  means  transforming  your  otherwise  invisible
__label__environmentmonitoring building  characteristics  into  quantifiable  data  points,  and  then  juxtaposing  those  points  in  relationship  to  other  endeavors  going  on  inside  an  organization.  while  the  sensors  provide  access  to  the  data  itself,  and  measurement  and  cataloging  help  put  the  data  in  a  usable  form,  a  crucial  piece  of  the  process  remains  how  to  gain  insights  from  the  data.  even  with  an  abundance  of  great  data,  if  you  cant  act  on  it,  then  it  probably  isnt  worth  your  time  to  collect  it  in  the  first  place.  many  iot  environmental  monitoring  systems  have  an  that  helps  you  unlock  real  business  value  from  your  data
__label__environmentmonitoring by  providing  two  things:  with  the  right  context  and  perspective  surrounding  your  data,  you  can  take  anticipatory  steps  forecasting  that  will  help  you  mitigate  risk.  you  can  also  align  your  data  collection  and  analysis  with  company  performance  objectives,  so  youre  playing  an  active  role  in  working  toward  larger  organizational  goals  like  reducing  operational  costs  or  achieving  sustainability  goals.  the  more  data  points  you  can  capture,  the  better  forecasting  you  can  do,  as  long  as  you  have  a  way  to  understand  data  relationships  and  variables  and  a  system  for  incorporating  the  data  into  your  organizations  decisionmaking.  our  goal  is  to  help
__label__environmentmonitoring facility  managers  and  businesses  derive  valuable  insights  from  iot  monitoring.  well  work  with  you  to  identify  your  goals,  discuss  opportunities  where  realtime  data  can  be  valuable,  and  set  you  up  with  an  environmental  monitoring  system  thats  both  costeffective  and  easy  to  use.  and  well  be  with  you  every  step  of  the  way,  offering  guidance  on  ways  to  optimize  your  data  and  your  building  operations.  and  lets  get  started.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  care  to  share?  2111  e.  highland  ave,  suite  305  phoenix,  az  85016  645  hamilton  st,  suite  400  allentown,  pa  18101  tollfree  18557436478  general  information  iota
__label__environmentmonitoring learn  today.  lead  tomorrow.  by  updated  iot  environmental  monitoring  application  a  tour  in  3  minutes  we  will  learn  4  important  applications  of  iot  environmental  monitoring,  which  are  beneficial  for  the  environment.  iot  environmental  monitoring  iot  application  waste  management  internet  of  thingsiot  environmental  monitoring  vehicle  tracking  near  field  communicatio  radio  frequency  identifiers  internet  of  things  iot  environmental  monitoring  vehicle  tracking  iot  application  air  water  pollution  iot  environmental  monitoringbenefits  extreme  weather  iot  environmental  monitoring  benefits  extreme  weather  so,  this  was  all  about  iot  environmental  monitoring  application.  hope  you  like  our  explanation.  required  fields  are  marked  dataflair  2019.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring environmental  monitoring  waviot  applications  typically  utilize  sensors  to  assist  in  environmental  protection  by  monitoring  air  or  water  quality,  atmospheric  or  soil  conditions,  and  can  even  include  areas  like  monitoring  the  movements  of  wildlife  and  their  habitats.  in  environmental  monitoring,  waviotconnected  sensors  can  aid  in  measuring  emissions  from  factories,  detect  forest  fires  or  measure  the  level  andquality  of  river  water.  development  of  resource  constrained  devices  connected  to  the  internet  also  means  that  other  applications  like  earthquake  or  tsunami  earlywarning  systems  can  also  be  used  by  emergency  services  to  provide  more  effective  aid.  waviotbased  devices  in  this  application  typically  span  a  large
__label__environmentmonitoring geographic  area  and  can  also  be  mobile.  lpwan  is  the  engine  of  longrange  iot.  nbfi  is  the  for  lpwan.  waviot  approach  is  ideal  for  widearea  environmental  monitoring  applications  due  to  the  small  power  budget  available,  the  longrange  requirements,  and  the  small  data  size  needed  for  transmission.  or  tell  us  about  your  needs  copyright  2010  2018  for  information  and  content  in  this  website.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  this  paper,  we  have  proposed  an  internet  of  things  iot  based  on  a  realtime  environmental  monitoring  system.  internet  of  things  iot  plays  an  important  role  in  todays  world  through  a  vast  and  persistent  system  of  sensor  networks  concerned  to  the  environment  and  its  parameters.  this  system  deals  with  monitoring  and  controlling  important  environmental  conditions  like  temperature,  humidity  and  co  level  using  the  sensors  and  then  this  data  is  sent  to  the  cloud.  this  information  can  be  accessed  from  anywhere  over  the  internet  and  then  the  sensor  data  is  presented  as  graphical  statistics  in  a  mobile  application.  this  paper  explains
__label__environmentmonitoring and  presents  the  implementation  and  outcome  of  this  environmental  monitoring  system  which  uses  the  sensors  for  temperature,  humidity  and  other  environmental  parameters  of  the  surrounding  area.  this  data  can  be  used  to  take  remote  actions  to  control  the  conditions.  this  can  also  be  used  to  send  notifications.  the  collected  data  is  pushed  to  the  cloud  storage  and  an  android  application  accesses  the  cloud  and  presents  the  results  to  the  end  users.  the  system  employs  an  arduino  uno  board,  dht11  sensor,  esp8266  wifi  module,  which  transmits  data  to  aws  iot  core  cloud  services  using  mqtt.  an  android  application  is  created  which
__label__environmentmonitoring accruent  and  synchronoss  technologies,  inc.  have  announced  a  partnership  that  will  combine  the  synchronoss  insights  platform  with  accruents  vx  observe  iot  asset  monitoring  software.  the  collaboration  will  deliver  valuable  insights  and  efficiencies  to  enterprises  across  facilities  and  greatly  expand  the  effectiveness  of  enterprise  iot  solutions.  iotbased  environmental  monitoring  is  a  proactive  measure  to  ensure  equipment  performance  and  care  integrity.  our  environmental  monitoring  works  24/7  and  combines  the  automated  collection  of  temperature  and  humidly  data  with  realtime  notification  alerts  that  can  be  tailored  to  meet  specific  operational  requirements.  iotbased  environmental  monitoring  is  a  proactive  measure  to  ensure  equipment  performance  and  care
__label__environmentmonitoring s.  zafar  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  lahore,  pakistan  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  fastnu,  lahore  campus,  blockb,  faisal  town,  lahore,  pakistan  g.  miraj  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  lahore,  pakistan  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  fastnu,  lahore  campus,  blockb,  faisal  town,  lahore,  pakistan  r.  baloch  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  lahore,  pakistan  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  fastnu,  lahore  campus,  blockb,  faisal  town,
__label__environmentmonitoring lahore,  pakistan  d.  murtaza  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  lahore,  pakistan  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  fastnu,  lahore  campus,  blockb,  faisal  town,  lahore,  pakistan  k.  arshad  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  lahore,  pakistan  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  university  of  computer  and  emerging  sciences,  fastnu,  lahore  campus,  blockb,  faisal  town,  lahore,  pakistan  s.  zafar,  g.  miraj,  r.  baloch,  d.  murtaza,  k.  arshad  internet  of  things  iot  is  expected  to  play  a  major  role  in  our  lives  through  pervasive  systems  of  sensor  networks
__label__environmentmonitoring encompassing  our  environment.  these  systems  are  designed  to  monitor  vital  physical  phenomena  generating  data  which  can  be  transmitted  and  saved  at  cloud  from  where  this  information  can  be  accessed  through  applications  and  further  actions  can  be  taken.  this  paper  presents  the  implementation  and  results  of  an  environmental  monitoring  system  which  employs  sensors  for  temperature  and  humidity  of  the  surrounding  area.  this  data  can  be  used  to  trigger  short  term  actions  such  as  remotely  controlling  heating  or  cooling  devices  or  long  term  statistics.  the  sensed  data  is  uploaded  to  cloud  storage  and  an  android  application  accesses  the  cloud  and  presents  the
__label__environmentmonitoring results  to  the  end  users.  the  system  employs  arduino  uno  board,  dht11  sensor,  esp8266  wifi  module,  which  transmits  data  to  open  iot  api  service  thingspeak  where  it  is  analyzed  and  stored.  an  android  application  is  developed  which  accesses  the  cloud  and  displays  results  for  end  users  via  rest  api  web  service.  the  experimental  results  show  the  usefulness  of  the  system.  s.  pasha,  thingspeak  based  sensing  and  monitoring  system,  international  journal  of  new  technology  and  research,  vol.  2,  no.  6,  pp.  1923,  2016  k.  s.  s.  ram,  a.  n.  p.  s.  gupta,  iot  based  data  logger  system  for  weather  monitoring  using
__label__environmentmonitoring wireless  sensor  networks,  international  journal  of  engineering  trends  and  technology,  vol.  32,  no.  2,  pp.  7175,  2016  s.  d.  shewale,  s.  n.  gaikwad,  an  iot  based  realtime  weather  monitoring  system  using  raspberry  pi,  international  journal  of  advanced  research  in  electrical,  electronics  and  instrumentation  engineering,  vol.  6,  no.  6,  pp.  42424249,  2017  r.  ayyappadas,  a.  k.  kavitha,  s.  m.  praveena,  r.  m.  s.  parvathi,  design  and  implementation  of  weather  monitoring  system  using  wireless  communication,  vol.  5,  no.  5,  pp.  17,  2017  s.  ferdoush,  x.  li,  wireless  sensor  network  system  design  using  raspberry  pi  and  arduino  for  environmental  monitoring  application,  procedia  computer
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  house  dust  is  an  asthma  trigger.  pollution  caused  by  dust  particles  causes  respiratory  illness  in  children  and  older  people.  dust  and  pollution  particles  mix  in  the  atmosphere  and  can  travel  for  days  across  continents  and  countries  before  settling  on  the  grounds  surface.  people  with  heart  or  lung  diseases  and  other  chronic  diseases  are  at  increased  risk  from  dust  and  particle  pollution.  pollution  can  aggravate  the  disease.  let  us  create  an  iotbased  device  to  measure  dust  concentration  so  we  can  prevent  respiratory  illness  by
__label__environmentmonitoring taking  precautions.  this  dust  sensor  gives  a  good  indication  of  the  air  quality  in  an  environment  by  measuring  dust  concentration.  the  particulate  matter  level  pm  level  in  the  air  is  measured  by  counting  the  low  pulse  occupancy  time  lpo  time  in  a  given  time  unit.  lpo  time  is  proportional  to  pm  concentration.  this  sensor  can  provide  reliable  data  for  air  purifier  systems;  it  is  responsive  to  pm  of  diameter  1m.  free  dzone  refcard  published  at  dzone  with  permission  of  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__environmentmonitoring environmental  monitoring  and  management  is  becoming  more  and  more  important,  as  managing  our  environment  and  understanding  our  impacts  drives  increasing  amounts  of  regulation  and  activities  to  reduce  pollution  and  other  impacts  on  the  environment.  iot  sensors  are  able  to  give  accurate  realtime  data  on  the  environment  around  us  to  help  us  understand  how  we  affect  it  and  take  actions  to  reduce  negative  impact.  iot  in  environmental  monitoring  can  cover  such  a  wide  area  of  scenarios  from  monitoring  hot  water  temperatures  for  the  risk  of  legionella  to  earthquakeortsunami  earlywarning  systems.  providing  real  time  data  of  things  such  as  weather  conditions,  humidity,
__label__environmentmonitoring air  quality,  co  emissions,  water  quality,  water  flow,  temperatures,  airborne  chemicals  and  many  other  environment  indicators.  such  data  can  be  invaluable  not  only  in  understanding  our  impact  on  the  environment  around  us  be  also  improving  our  safety  and  wellbeing.  for  example,  within  school  classrooms  high  levels  of  carbon  dioxide  in  the  air  can  lead  to  lethargy,  drowsiness,  headaches  and  difficulties  concentrating.  government  legislation  advises  that  concentration  levels  of  gases  like  co  should  not  exceed  an  average  reading  across  the  day  of  1500  ppm  parts  per  million.  by  integrating  co  monitoring,  the  internet  of  things  and  automated  ventilation  systems  these  levels
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  monitored  and  reduced.  the  installation  of  iot  enabled  sensors  makes  it  possible  to  take  more  frequent  readings  where  cost  might  be  prohibitive  or  where  they  would  simply  be  logistically  too  difficult  to  reach  regularly.  with  the  roll  out  of  nbiot  the  costs  per  monitoring  point  will  drop  and  the  potential  use  cases  will  grow.  if  you  have  a  scenario  youre  struggling  to  monitor  and  keep  track  of  drop  us  a  line.  we  love  a  challenge  required  fields  are  marked  01285  656027  company  reg  no.  11733049
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  irrigation  technology  presents  an  iot  use  case  not  necessarilynew.  but  it  is  a  market  suddenly  exploding  with  new  startups  to  feed  what  estimates  could  reach  43.4  billion  by  2025  for  the  broad  market  including  software  applications.  as  water  demand  continues  to  outpace  supply,  farmers  are  turning  to  technology  including  soilmoisture  probes  to  help  with  conservation.  one  leading  example  of  how  smart  irrigationcan  equally  help  conversation  efforts  and  farmers  through  increased  yield  is  from  a  techenabled  farm  near  holcombe,  kansas.  it  produced  241  bushels  per  acre  using  5.75  inches  of  water.  this  compared  to  adjacent  farmers  who  reported  lower  yields
__label__environmentmonitoring using  far  more  water:  one  produced  233  bushels  an  acre,  using  14.12  inches;  the  other  harvested  222  bushels  an  acre,  using  13.5  inches  of  water.  one  particular  smart  irrigation  startup  is  waterbit.  it  provides  the  ability  for  farmers  to  measure  groundwater  at  multiple  depths  and  multiple  points  in  a  field  at  a  cost  around  2,500  an  acre  or  less  for  the  hardware.  as  with  iot  use  cases,  data  is  capturedand  transferred  to  an  internet  service  where  it  is  analyzed  and  used  to  control  watering  schedules.  the  iot  application  communicates  with  valves,  turning  them  on  and  off  as  necessary,  depending  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  plant  requirements.  unlikeother  iot  solutions,  waterbits  sensors  use  solar  power  versus  shortlived  batteries.  the  internet  of  things  continues  to  revolutionize  traditional  industries.  in  this  case,  ,  a  top  use  case  for  ahigh  benefit  and  a  fast  payback  according  to  a  capgemini  study,  is  being  deployed  among  farmers  at  a  relatively  low  cost.  a  number  of  additional  iot  startups  have  launched  to  focus  on  the  high  growth  being  experienced  in  smart  irrigation.  you  can  view  ten  such  startups  at  also  published  on  .  kevin  gold  is  a  b2b  media  veteran  with  more  than  10  years  of  experience  in  the  data
__label__environmentmonitoring center,  hosting  and  internet  infrastructure  markets,  primarily  in  executive  marketing  and  communications  roles.  he  researches,  writes  about  and  provides  strategic  guidance  to  b2b  companies  on  trends  in  iot  security,  endpoints  and  applications  that  drive  business  growth.  idc  forecasts  global  iot  spending  at  1.2  trillion  in  just  four  more  years  china  launches  a  drone  disguised  as  a  pigeon.  car  dealerships  are  ripe  for  disruption  by  the  iot.  iot  sources  encourages  quality  earlystage  educational  content  contributions.  iot  sources  is  pleased  to  provide  highvalue  opportunities  to  iot  vendors.  .
__label__environmentmonitoring the  term  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  has  been  making  waves  in  the  industrial,  commercial,  manufacturing  and  consumer  markets  over  the  past  years  since  the  concept  was  formerly  introduced  in  2012  by  the  the  global  standards  initiative  on  internet  of  things  iotgsi.  coined  as  a  term  for  computing  devices  that  can  perceive  the  world  without  relying  on  humans  for  data  input,  the  internet  of  things  iot  concept  promises  a  world  of  seamlessly  interconnected  devices  communicating  together  to  process  new  insights  and  autonomous  actions.  along  with  the  internet  of  things;  terms  such  as  internet  to  machine,  internet  of  everything  ioe,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring machine  to  machine  m2m  are  also  often  used  to  describe  the  relationships  of  these  interconnected  sensors  and  machines.  with  all  the  terms  being  interchangeably  and  sometimes  misused  it  can  be  hard  to  pinpoint  the  what  it  all  really  means.  essentially  the  underlying  concept  of  behind  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  to  integrate  physical  devices  to  communicate  with  each  other,  be  controlled  remotely  through  the  internet  or  be  programmed  for  autonomous  actions  based  on  predefined  triggers  or  conditions  from  other  connected  devices  such  as  sensors.  although  the  terms  are  relatively  new,  this  way  of  thinking  and  managing  operations  have  been
__label__environmentmonitoring around  much  longer.  the  internet  of  things  iot  could  not  exist  without  smart  sensors;  sensors  provide  the  data  relative  to  the  physical  world  which  allow  machine  systems  to  sense  and  react  to  specific  conditions.  this  data  is  central  to  the  iot  paradigm:  from  primary  sensor  data  directly  related  to  the  physical  world,  to  processed  data  that  adds  insights  to  processes  and  autonomous  control.  enviromon  provides  affordable,  easytouse,  easytoconfigure  iot  sensor  solutions  which  can  be  deployed  to  make  operations  management  and  control  significantly  easier  and  more  convenient  for  operators  and  can  also  offer  significant  financial  advantages  for  businesses  by  reducing  time,
__label__environmentmonitoring labour  and  energy  costs  of  many  manufacturing  and  operations  processes.  for  iot  to  truly  provide  its  full  value,  sensors  and  equipment  need  to  communicate  on  the  same  systems  and  provide  the  ability  to  connect  data  to  action  and  control.  our  base  units  provide  a  centralized  platform  for  operations  and  facility  management  teams  to  monitor  sensor  conditions  and  configure  alerts  based  on  thresholds.  in  addition  to  collecting  environmental  sensor  data,  our  base  units  are  capable  of  integrating  data  from  equipment  such  as  generators,  crac  systems,  ups  power  supplies  and  other  equipment  directly  by  polling  these  snmpenabled  devices  or  using  dry  contact
__label__environmentmonitoring connections  or  indirectly  by  integrating  smart  sensors  to  collect  key  information.  all  information  collected  is  easily  viewed  within  the  web  interface  and  alert  thresholds  can  be  defined  for  any  connected  devices.  the  growing  use  of  smart  technology  is  already  transforming  how  manufacturers,  food  producers,  and  utilities  are  implementing  their  processes  and  controls.  sensors  are  able  to  provide  data  to  automated  systems  that  are  able  to  streamline  processes  using  analytics  and  interconnectivity  to  maximize  efficiency  and  develop  new  processes  that  were  previously  thought  not  to  be  possible.  for  large  and  existing  infrastructure  management  systems  our  base  units  can  be  used  as
__label__environmentmonitoring rtu  devices  onsite  and  to  provide  sensor  data  to  industry  control  systems  and  network  monitoring  software  located  in  a  centralized  location.  enviromon  provides  several  types  of  smart  sensors  for  monitoring  environmental  conditions.  once  connected  to  the  base  unit  sensors  are  automatically  recognized  and  start  collecting  data.  the  sensor  data  can  be  configured  to  be  used  to  trigger  alerts  once  predefined  thresholds  are  met,  or  be  used  to  provide  data  to  additional  equipment.  in  combination  with  our  base  units,  can  beconnected  along  with  motion  detection  sensors  and  door  contact  sensors  to  provide  visual  monitoring  anytime  someone  enters  the  room.  can  be
__label__environmentmonitoring used  to  provide  temperature  and  humidity  data  which  can  then  be  used  to  control  other  integrated  systems  such  as  air  conditioners,  fans,  alerts  or  other  connected  devices.  can  monitor  a  room  for  the  presence  of  airflow  to  ensure  air  is  circulating  properly  or  to  ensure  hvac  or  crac  systems  are  turned  on.  can  monitor  equipment  and  rooms  for  water  leakages  and  alert  key  personnel  to  the  area  of  the  leakage  to  prevent  further  damages  and  flooding.  voltage  sensors  can  be  used  to  detect  the  presence  or  nonpresence  of  electrical  current  which  can  then  be  used  to  control  backup  power  systems,
__label__environmentmonitoring emergency  lighting,  alerts  or  other  connected  devices.  remote  sensor  controlled  relay  switches  can  be  used  to  control  the  electrical  power  to  devices  remotely  over  the  internet  manually  or  in  conjunction  with  predefined  triggers  from  other  sensors  or  equipment.  you  must  be  to  post  a  comment.  begin  mailchimp  signup  form  end  mcembedsignup  monitors  sensors  solutions  company  support  2017  enviromon.net  connect  with  us  on  ,  ,  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sensor  device  for  developers  sensor  networks  made  easy  sensor  node  the  iot  gateway  ehealth  and  medical  iot  development  platform  iot  kits  with  cloud  connectivity  iot  starter  kits  for  makers  consultancy  and  engineering  services  elearning  facetoface  50  sensor  applications  for  a  smarter  world  success  stories  with  libelium  technologies  consortium  european  calls  monitoring  of  parking  spaces  availability  in  the  city.  monitoring  of  vibrations  and  material  conditions  in  buildings,  bridges  and  historical  monuments.  sound  monitoring  in  bar  areas  and  centric  zones  in  real  time.  detect  iphone  and  android  devices  and  in  general  any  device  which  works  with  wifi  or  bluetooth  interfaces.  measurement
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  energy  radiated  by  cell  stations  and  and  wifi  routers.  monitoring  of  vehicles  and  pedestrian  levels  to  optimize  driving  and  walking  routes.  intelligent  and  weather  adaptive  lighting  in  street  lights.  detection  of  rubbish  levels  in  containers  to  optimize  the  trash  collection  routes.  intelligent  highways  with  warning  messages  and  diversions  according  to  climate  conditions  and  unexpected  events  like  accidents  or  traffic  jams.  monitoring  of  combustion  gases  and  preemptive  fire  conditions  to  define  alert  zones.  control  of  co2  emissions  of  factories,  pollution  emitted  by  cars  and  toxic  gases  generated  in  farms.  snow  level  measurement  to  know  in  real  time  the  quality
__label__environmentmonitoring of  ski  tracks  and  allow  security  corps  avalanche  prevention.  monitoring  of  soil  moisture,  vibrations  and  earth  density  to  detect  dangerous  patterns  in  land  conditions.  distributed  control  in  specific  places  of  tremors.  monitor  the  quality  of  tap  water  in  cities.  detect  leakages  and  wastes  of  factories  in  rivers.  control  remotely  the  swimming  pool  conditions.  control  realtime  leakages  and  wastes  in  the  sea.  detection  of  liquid  presence  outside  tanks  and  pressure  variations  along  pipes.  monitoring  of  water  level  variations  in  rivers,  dams  and  reservoirs.  energy  consumption  monitoring  and  management.  monitoring  of  water,  oil  and  gas  levels  in  storage  tanks  and  cisterns.  monitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring and  optimization  of  performance  in  solar  energy  plants.  measurement  of  water  pressure  in  water  transportation  systems.  measurement  of  emptiness  level  and  weight  of  the  goods.  access  control  to  restricted  areas  and  detection  of  people  in  nonauthorized  areas.  liquid  detection  in  data  centers,  warehouses  and  sensitive  building  grounds  to  prevent  break  downs  and  corrosion.  distributed  measurement  of  radiation  levels  in  nuclear  power  stations  surroundings  to  generate  leakage  alerts.  detection  of  gas  levels  and  leakages  in  industrial  environments,  surroundings  of  chemical  factories  and  inside  mines.  monitoring  of  storage  conditions  along  the  supply  chain  and  product  tracking  for  traceability  purposes.  payment  processing  based
__label__environmentmonitoring in  location  or  activity  duration  for  public  transport,  gyms,  theme  parks,  etc.  getting  advices  in  the  point  of  sale  according  to  customer  habits,  preferences,  presence  of  allergic  components  for  them  or  expiring  dates.  control  of  rotation  of  products  in  shelves  and  warehouses  to  automate  restocking  processes.  monitoring  of  vibrations,  strokes,  container  openings  or  cold  chain  maintenance  for  insurance  purposes.  search  of  individual  items  in  big  surfaces  like  warehouses  or  harbours.  warning  emission  on  containers  storing  inflammable  goods  closed  to  others  containing  explosive  material.  control  of  routes  followed  for  delicate  goods  like  medical  drugs,  jewels  or  dangerous  merchandises.  machine  autodiagnosis  and
__label__environmentmonitoring assets  control.  monitoring  of  toxic  gas  and  oxygen  levels  inside  chemical  plants  to  ensure  workers  and  goods  safety.  control  of  temperature  inside  industrial  and  medical  fridges  with  sensitive  merchandise.  monitoring  of  ozone  levels  during  the  drying  meat  process  in  food  factories.  asset  indoor  location  by  using  active  zigbee  and  passive  tags  rfid/nfc.  information  collection  from  canbus  to  send  real  time  alarms  to  emergencies  or  provide  advice  to  drivers.  monitoring  soil  moisture  and  trunk  diameter  in  vineyards  to  control  the  amount  of  sugar  in  grapes  and  grapevine  health.  control  microclimate  conditions  to  maximize  the  production  of  fruits  and  vegetables  and  its
__label__environmentmonitoring quality.  selective  irrigation  in  dry  zones  to  reduce  the  water  resources  required  in  the  green.  study  of  weather  conditions  in  fields  to  forecast  ice  formation,  rain,  drought,  snow  or  wind  changes.  control  of  humidity  and  temperature  levels  in  alfalfa,  hay,  straw,  etc.  to  prevent  fungus  and  other  microbial  contaminants.  control  the  exact  conditions  of  plants  grown  in  water  to  get  the  highest  efficiency  crops.  control  of  growing  conditions  of  the  offspring  in  animal  farms  to  ensure  its  survival  and  health.  location  and  identification  of  animals  grazing  in  open  pastures  or  location  in  big  stables.  study  of  ventilation  and  air  quality
__label__environmentmonitoring in  farms  and  detection  of  harmful  gases  from  excrements.  energy  and  water  supply  consumption  monitoring  to  obtain  advice  on  how  to  save  cost  and  resources.  switching  on  and  off  remotely  appliances  to  avoid  accidents  and  save  energy.  detection  of  windows  and  doors  openings  and  violations  to  prevent  intruders.  monitoring  of  conditions  inside  museums  and  art  warehouses.  assistance  for  elderly  or  disabled  people  living  independent.  control  of  conditions  inside  freezers  storing  vaccines,  medicines  and  organic  elements.  vital  signs  monitoring  in  high  performance  centers  and  fields.  monitoring  of  conditions  of  patients  inside  hospitals  and  in  old  peoples  home.  measurement  of  uv  sun
__label__environmentmonitoring rays  to  warn  people  not  to  be  exposed  in  certain  hours.  is  your  vertical  solution  covered  on  our  site?  which  connectivity  are  you  interesed  in?  there  was  an  error  and  your  message  was  not  sent.  please  contact
__label__environmentmonitoring thinkstock  every  nascent  industry  needs  a  killer  app.  but  in  the  internet  of  things  realm,  it  can  be  hard  toidentify  the  most  promising  use  cases.  for  one  thing,  the  field  is  gargantuan,  including  everything  from  drones  to  connected  jet  engines.  in  addition,  some  of  the  most  powerful  iot  use  cases  recede  into  the  background  where  they  quietly  work  to  boost  uptime,  performance  and  overall  manageability.  weve  rounded  up  11  promising  iot  use  cases  that  are  quietly  shifting  everything  from  wine  cultivation  to  how  utilities  manage  the  power  grid.  a  handful  of  companies  are  using  connected  technology  to  keep  track  of
__label__environmentmonitoring pest  populations.  there  is,  for  instance,  semios,  which  uses  sensors  and  machine  vision  technology  to  track  pest  populations  in  orchards,  vineyards,  and  other  agricultural  settings.  and  then  there  is  iot  box  systems,  a  company  that  makes  connected  bait  stations,  traps,  and  cages  that  inform  the  user  when  they  have  caught  an  animal.  general  electric  has  been  touting  the  benefits  of  creating  an  electricity  value  network,  in  which  digitization  creates  allows  for  visualization  across  the  entire  electricity  system.  a  is  bord  gis  energys  whitegate  power  plant,  a  445mw  gas  combinedcycle  plant  25  miles  east  of  cork,  ireland.  there  are  141  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring across  the  plant  that  provide  roundtheclock  monitoring  and  diagnostics  of  existing  hardware.  whitehouse  engineers  receive  operational  recommendations  through  the  software  and  data  analytics,  and  also  get  a  single,  consolidated  picture  of  whitehouses  performance.  the  system  provides  more  early  warnings,  and  improved  efficiency  when  it  came  to  using  natural  gas.  additional  advanced  controls  from  ge  have  also  enabled  improved  performance  for  the  fleet  of  ge  turbines  at  the  whitehouse.  the  result  has  been  a  2.28  million  about  2.43  million  positive  financial  impact  at  the  plant.  bombardier  last  year  showed  off  its  new  cseries  jetliner,  which  boasted  pratt  whitneys  geared  turbo  fan
__label__environmentmonitoring gtf  engine  and  its  5,000  sensors  producing  as  much  as  10  gb  of  data  each  second,  .  why  would  a  jet  engine  need  so  many  sensors,  especially  since  many  modern  engines  have  fewer  than  250  sensors?  aviation  week  reports  that  the  pratt  whitney  engine  offers  artificial  intelligence  capabilities  to  predict  future  engine  demands  and  adjust  the  engine  accordingly.  the  gtf  engines  consume  as  much  as  15  less  fuel  than  average  jet  engines,  and  also  have  reduced  emissions  and  noise.  however,  in  an  industry  still  struggling  with  integration  across  legacy  systems,  chief  information  officers  face  challenges  in  getting  the  underlying  architecture
__label__environmentmonitoring right  as  well  as  addressing  security  issues.  winemakers  in  the  mosel  valley  in  southwest  germany  are  using  an  internet  of  things  system  called  tracovino,  developed  by  myomega,  ,  which  provided  the  device  connection  platform  used  in  the  telenor  connexion  infrastructure  supporting  tracovino.  in  this  iot  use  case,  sensors  across  the  vineyard  upload  data  on  such  metrics  as  soil  humidity,  air  humidity,  sunshine,  and  intensity  of  sunshine,  temperature  and  rainfall  to  the  cloud.  at  the  700yearold  reinhold  haart  estate  in  piesport,  germany,  tracovino  enables  the  vineyard  workers  to  do  the  right  work  at  the  right  time,  and  avoid  bad  decisions  during
__label__environmentmonitoring harvest  that  could  affect  the  quality  of  reinhold  haarts  riesling,  winemaker  and  part  owner  johannes  haart  told  ericsson.  tracovino  has  also  enabled  reinhold  haart  to  improve  sustainability  by  better  limiting  the  use  of  pesticides.  another  winery,  salt  creek  vineyard  in  massachusetts  tends  to  over  12,000  vines  in  three  fields  and  has  built  up  strong  wholesale  and  retail  business  lines.  to  help  overcome  challenges  related  to  groundwater  and  microclimate  management,  salt  creek  has  deployed  iot  sensors,  dell  gateways  and  solar  panels  to  help  increase  growth  and  profit  while  lowering  water  and  energy  consumption.  additionally,  salt  creek  uses  iot  technology  to  monitor
__label__environmentmonitoring ph  levels  in  soil  and  water,  both  of  which  are  critical  to  optimal  vineyard  performance  and  good  tasting  wine.  iot  technology  could  help  beekeepers  better  combat  ,  in  which  honeybee  stocks  have  died  off  at  rapid  rates.  andreas  nickel,  a  germanybased  sap  development  project  manager  and  recreational  beekeeper,  built  a  beehive  scale  that  sends  an  alert  to  his  cellphone  or  computer  when  a  major  change  in  hive  weight  takes  place,  according  to  an  .  the  alert  helps  nickel  know  if,  say,  a  hive  has  tipped  over,  food  has  run  low,  or  the  bees  are  having  trouble  gathering  pollen  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring surrounding  area.  researchers  are  interested  in  connected  sensor  systems  that  track  everything  from  hive  temperature  and  humidity  to  the  effects  of  noise  and  light.  barcelona,  spain,  alone  is  expected  to  save  4  billion  over  the  next  10  years  because  it  is  using  the  connectivity  to  make  its  trash  collection  more  efficient,  .  barcelona  is  among  a  number  of  cities  in  spain,  mexico,  israel  and  elsewhere  adopting  ,  a  wireless  autonomous  sensor  that  uses  ultrasound  to  tell  how  full  a  trash  bin  is.  the  information  is  transmitted  to  a  urbiotica  software  platform  that  links  up  with  systems  meant  to  optimize  trash
__label__environmentmonitoring collection  routes.  the  sensor  is  helpful  in  cases  where  waste  is  being  produced  at  rates  that  are  slower  or  more  variable.  optimizing  routes  also  means  less  traffic  and  truck  emissions.  other  companies,  such  as  irelandbased  ,  are  also  active  in  the  trash  bin  sensors  market.  the  port  of  new  bedford,  in  massachusetts,  is  the  no.  1  one  fishing  port  in  america  for  the  12th  straight  year  in  a  row,  known  for  highmargin  scallop  shipping  operations.  when  faced  with  the  challenge  to  limit  illegal  fishing  practices,  the  port  installed  dell  edge  gateways,  with  v5  systems  solar  video  surveillance  technologies  to  better
__label__environmentmonitoring track  who  was  coming  in  and  out  of  the  port.  both  the  south  terminal  and  palmers  island  lighthouse  are  using  these  technologies  to  monitor  fishing  practices  and  to  better  understand  the  health  of  the  underwater  environment.  in  austin,  texas;  los  angeles;  arizona;  ,  wisconsin;  and  elsewhere  have  been  trying  out  a  system  called  that  eliminates  the  need  for  police  to  engage  in  dangerous  highspeed  chases  of  suspects.  an  air  compressor  launcher  on  the  front  of  the  patrol  car  fires  a  sticky  gps  locator  with  a  transmitter.  police  can  then  remotely  track  the  vehicle  versus  chasing  it,  apprehending  the  suspect  when
__label__environmentmonitoring thevehicle  stops.  the  amazon  basin  conservation  associations  los  amigos  conservancy  concession  has  started  using  small  remotely  controlled  planes  to  monitor  550  square  miles  of  peruvian  amazon  for  illegal  logging  and  mining,  .  the  drones  will  allow  the  handful  of  rangers  to  quickly  investigate  reports  of  deforestation,  a  major  improvement  over  having  to  travel  into  remote  parts  of  the  jungle  over  unpaved  roads.  exara  has  taken  an  innovative  approach  to  fieldbased  intelligence  for  companies  in  the  oil  and  gas  industries.  exara  is  helping  industrial  companies  gather,  analyze,  store  and  relay  data  from  oil  field  equipment  resulting  in  cost  savings,  reduced  maintenance
__label__environmentmonitoring costs,  lengthened  machinery  lifespan  and  more  efficient  performance  for  workloads  in  demanding  environments.  customers  have  reported  that  theyve  cut  power  use  by  43  percent  and  achieved  60,000  in  annual  savings  per  site.  humans  are  the  cause  of  the  vast  majority  of  car  accidents.  a  significant  proportion  of  accidents  are  the  results  of  distracted  driving.  u.s.  regulators  want  to  cut  smartphonerelated  traffic  injuries  by  encouraging  tech  companies  to  restrict  access  to  apps  when  a  driver  uses  them.  but  companies  like  zendrive  have  developed  technologythat  uses  sensors  built  into  smartphones  to  gauge  driver  behavior.  once  sufficient  data  is  collected,  the  app  can
__label__environmentmonitoring offer  coaching  to  make  drivers  safer.  the  company  is  targeting  both  insurance  companies  and  fleet  managers.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.
__label__environmentmonitoring you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data  with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring iotenabled  environment  monitoring  is  helping  transform  operations  across  many  industries.  with  devices  powered  by  telstras  iot  network  and  platform,  telstra  captis  environment  monitoring  delivers  waste,  water,  air,  soil  and  noisemonitoring  solutions  that  turn  data  into  real  business  advantage.  collect,  analyse  and  act  on  data  from  iotenabled  sensors,  helping  your  organisation  to  remain  on  top  of  compliance,  safety  requirements  and  cost  reductions  while  driving  operational  change.  multiple  sensing  modes  and  sensors  include  float  switch,  ultrasonic  sensor,  and  temperature  sensors  sold  separately.  the  telstra  captis  range  of  devices  are  dust  and  waterresistant  ip68  rated,  with  optimised  battery  life  via  powersaving  mode  using
__label__environmentmonitoring telstra  lpwan  technology.  the  telstra  captis  environment  monitoring  solution  is  certified  on  our  ltem  and  nbiot  networks  and  integrated  into  telstras  iot  platform.  overtheair  firmware  updates  supported,  so  you  can  be  confident  your  devices  are  kept  upto  date  and  secure.  data  traffic  from  telstra  captis  devices  is  encrypted  via  mqtts.  man  reviewing  data  on  tablet  screen  telstra  captis  devices  can  gather  data  from  locations  that  are  difficult  to  access  and  remote  allowing  you  to  take  preventative  measures  and  better  manage  vital  resources  like  water,  energy  and  gas.  data  on  tablet  screen  being  held  in  hands  gain  insights  at  various  stages
__label__environmentmonitoring of  your  value  chain  to  assist  you  to  make  your  internal  or  external  processes  more  efficient  so  you  can  focus  on  the  important  things.  women  presenting  on  screens  monitor  and  improve  workplace  safety  by  automating  measurement  of  air  quality,  temperature  and  noise  in  industrial  or  construction  zones  to  help  you  with  the  wellbeing  of  your  employees.  farmer  illustration  environment  monitoring  helps  you  manage  scarce  resources,  reduce  wastage  and  pollution  and  minimise  environmental  impact.  diagram  for  captis  environment  monitoring  cars  and  trucks  moving  on  freeway  its  not  an  iot  solution  unless  we  are  solving  a  real  problem  or  addressing  a  key
__label__environmentmonitoring priority  you  face  every  day.  our  solutions  are  built  to  integrate  into  and  improve  your  business  processes  to  help  you  compete.  man  sitting  at  service  desk  taking  calls  we  have  the  iot  expertise,  capability  and  partner  ecosystem  you  need  to  succeed  in  iot.  our  solutions  are  made  up  of  high  performing  devices,  connectivity,  platforms,  security,  and  professional  services  under  one  roof.  man  with  light  bulb  flashing  above  head  securely  connect  more  things  in  more  places  on  the  telstra  iot  network  australias  largest  with  a  range  of  futureproof,  readybuilt  network  technologies  for  a  range  of  use  cases.  women  taking  calls  at
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring the  is  composed  of  around  3000  ieee  802.15.4  devices,  200  gprs  modules  and  2000  joint  rfid  tag/qr  code  labels  deployed  both  at  static  locations  streetlights,  facad  es,  bus  stops  as  well  as  on  board  of  mobile  vehicles  buses,  taxis.  over  the  deployed  testbed,  several  use  cases  have  been  implemented:  .  around  2000  iot  devices  installed  mainly  at  the  city  centre,  at  streetlights,  facades  prov  ide  measurements  on  different  environmental  parameters,  such  as  temperature,  co,  noise,  light  and  car  presence.  .  almost  400  parking  sensors  based  on  ferromagnetic  technology,  buried  under  the  asphalt  have  been  installed  a  t  the  main  parking
__label__environmentmonitoring areas  of  the  city  centre,  in  order  to  detect  parking  sites  availability  in  these  zones.  deployment  for  environmental  monitoring  and  outdoor  parking  area  management  is  shown  in  the  next  figure:  figure  1:outdoor  parking  and  environmental  monitoring  deployed  architecture  figure  1  shows  a  screenshot  of  the  deployment  in  santander  city  centre,  where  parking,  temperature,  luminosity,  co  and  noise  sensors  can  be  observed.  whole  deployment  can  be  accessed  in  mapsdr.  :  in  order  to  extend  the  aforementioned  environmental  monitoring  use  case,  apart  from  measuring  parameters  at  static  points,  devices  located  at  vehicles  retrieve  environmental  parameters  associated  to  determined  parts  of  the  cit
__label__environmentmonitoring y.  sensors  are  installed  in  150  public  vehicles,  including  buses,  taxis  and  police  cars.  :  around  60  devices  located  at  the  main  entrances  of  the  city  of  santander  have  been  deployed  to  measure  main  traffic  parameters,  such  as  traffic  volumes,  road  occupancy,  vehicle  speed  or  queue  length.  :  taking  information  retrieved  by  the  deployed  parking  sensors,  10  panels  located  at  the  main  streets  intersections  have  been  installed  in  order  to  guide  drivers  towards  the  available  free  parking  lots.  :  around  50  devices  have  been  deployed  in  two  green  zones  of  the  city,  to  monitor  irrigation  related  parameters,  such  as  moisture
__label__environmentmonitoring temperature  and  humidity,  pluviometer,  anemometer,  in  order  to  make  irrigation  as  efficient  as  possible.  description  of  hardware  deployed,  software  architecture  and  integration  within  smartsantander  platform  are  discussed  later  on.  :  around  2000  rfid  tag/qr  code  labels  have  been  deployed,  offering  the  possibility  of  tagging  points  of  interest  in  the  city,  for  instance  a  touristic  point  of  interest,  shops  and  public  places  such  as  parks,  squares,  etc.  in  a  small  scale,  the  service  provides  the  opportunity  to  distribute  information  in  the  urban  environment  as  location  based  information.  :  in  this  scenario  users  utilize  their  mobile  phones  to  send  physical  sensing  information,
__label__environmentmonitoring e.g.  gps  coordinates,  compass,  environmental  data  such  as  noise,  temperature,  etc.  this  information  feeds  the  smartsantander  platform.  users  can  also  subscribe  to  services  such  as  the  pace  of  the  city,  where  they  can  get  alerts  for  specific  types  of  events  currently  occurring  in  the  city.  users  can  themselves  also  report  the  occurrence  of  such  events,  which  will  subsequently  be  propagated  to  other  users  that  are  subscribed  to  the  respective  type  of  events,  etc.  figure  3:  detail  of  participatory  sensing  application  figure  2  and  figure  3  show  some  screenshots  of  the  applications  developed  on  android  and  ios  for  augmented  reality  and
__label__environmentmonitoring participatory  sensing  use  cases,  respectively.  apart  from  service  offered  by  the  aforementioned  use  cases,  and  in  order  to  cover  the  twofold  approach,  experimentation  and  service  provision,  pursued  by  the  project;  within  these  use  cases  researchers  are  also  provided  with  the  possibility  of  experimenting  with  the  deployed  nodes.  in  this  sense,  two  types  of  experimentation  can  be  carried  out  over  the  facility:  :  most  of  the  deployed  iot  nodes  those  with  fewer  constraints  in  terms  of  battery  can  be  flashed,  as  many  times  as  required  with  different  experiments,  through  otap  overtheair  programming  or  motap  multihop  otap,  for  nodes  more  than  one
__label__environmentmonitoring hop  away  from  the  gateway.  in  this  sense,  researchers  can  test  their  own  experiments,  such  as  routing  protocols,  data  mining  techniques  or  network  coding  schemes.  this  experimentation  is  made  available  by  using  an  additional  ieee  802.15.4  transceiver,  thus  isolating  data  traffic  associated  to  experimentation  from  the  generated  by  the  service  provision.  figure  4  shows  a  screenshot  about  the  experimentation  skills  offered  by  the  platform.  figure  4:  native  experimentation  skills  :  some  of  the  deployed  nodes,  due  to  battery  constraint  or  memory  capacity  issues,  are  not  provided  with  an  additional  802.15.4  transceiver  and  cannot  be  flashed  over  the  air  to  load
__label__environmentmonitoring different  experiments.  for  these  cases,  data  generated  by  the  different  services  described  in  next  section  provided  by  the  project,  is  offered  to  the  researchers  for  developing  new  services  on  top  of  it.  in  this  sense,  development  of  new  added  value  services,  as  well  as,  correlation  between  information  retrieved  by  different  services,  could  be  examples  of  this  type  of  experimentation.  apart  from  experimentation  and  service  provision,  network  management  is  needed  in  order  to  access  deployed  nodes  to  send/receive  commands  from  them,  update  the  firmware  running  on  them,  or  load  experiments  if  allowed  otap.  all  these  functionalities  are  performed  through  the  testbed
__label__environmentmonitoring runtime  tr  module,  which  in  order  to  manage  these  new  wireless  devices,  implements  a  mux/demux  functionality  as  well  as  the  corresponding  device  drivers.  furthermore,  in  order  to  fulfill  experiments  support,  platform  management  and  service  provision  in  a  joint  way  at  the  node  level,  it  is  needed  to  flash  node  with  a  default  program  called  golden  image,  at  network  startup.  considering  the  aforementioned  hardware  and  software  architecture,  santander  testbed  allows  the  service  provision  and  the  experimentation  in  a  simultaneous  way,  as  well  as  network  management,  i.e.  sending  commands  or  flashing  nodes.  detailed  information  about  santander  testbed  architecture  at  physical  and  logical
__label__environmentmonitoring level  is  included  later  on.  detailed  information  about  the  architecture  can  be  found  in  d1.1  and  d1.2.  the  smartsantander  testbed  is  split  in  to  four  subsystems:  authentication,  authorization  and  accounting  aaa  subsystem  testbed  management  subsystem  experimental  support  subsystem  application  support  subsystem  these  testbed  functions  will  operate  across  a  set  of  different  devices  providing  different  characteristics  and  capabilities.  in  particular  the  involved  devices  are:  iot  nodes  gateway  nodes  testbed  server  nodes  the  interaction  among  these  subsystems  and  devices  is  shown  in  figure  11.  figure  11:  overview  of  smartsantander  architecture  the  role  of  each  considered  subsystem  and  interface  is  briefly  summarized  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  following:  access  control  interface  aci:  authentication,  authorization  and  accounting  aaa  subsystem  is  meant  to  ensure  that  only  authorized  actions  are  performed  on  wsn  testbeds.  individuals  accessing  the  testbed  must  be  identified  and  authenticated,  and  their  role  must  be  identified.  authentication  should  be  possible  also  in  case  of  federated  testbeds,  where  an  experimenter/user  belonging  to  a  different  research  organization  will  have  the  possibility  to  carry  out  experiments  in  any  testbed  belonging  to  the  federation.  experimental  support  interface  esi:  experimental  support  subsystem  ess  provides  the  required  functions  for  reserving  nodes,  configuring  and  deploying  experiments,  running  them  and  collects  and  analyzes  the
__label__environmentmonitoring produced  results.  the  configuration  management  module  addresses  the  issue  of  configuring  resources  and  experiments.  in  order  to  reserve  one  or  multiple  resources,  the  resource  reservation  is  in  charge  of  updating  the  state  of  each  resource  from  free  to  busy  in  a  proper  database,  namely  the  resource  db.  at  the  same  time,  the  scheduler  provides  the  way  for  interacting  with  the  experiment  db  in  order  to  consult  or  change  experiments  scheduling.  data  mining  and  visualization  tools  are  also  envisioned  to  provide  functionalities  concerning  analysis  and  visualization  of  the  network  status  or  of  the  data,  measurements  of  conducted  experiments  either  in  real
__label__environmentmonitoring time  or  after  execution  has  ended.  finally,  a  session  management  module  keeps  track  of  the  interactions  between  the  testbed  user  and  the  smartsantander  facility,  providing  the  necessary  control  endpoint  through  which  the  user  may  manipulate  its  experiment  session.  management  support  interface  msi:  management  support  subsystem  mss  provides  the  needed  functionalities  for  adding/removing  and  configuring  the  resources  composing  the  testbed  and  monitoring  their  status.  the  resource  and  testbed  monitoring  modules  are  also  in  charge  of  monitoring  resources  availability  and  type.  application  support  interface  asi:  application  support  subsystem  ass  is  intended  to  provide  the  basic  functionalities  that  can  facilitate  the  development  of
__label__environmentmonitoring services  either  for  experimentation  or  final  service  provisioning.  the  application  subsystem  should  also  to  provide  the  possibility  for  lookup  for  specific  resource  or  observation  and  measurement  sorted  in  the  corresponding  databases  such  as  resource  db  and  om  db  maintained  by  this  subsystem.  based  on  the  logical  testbed  architecture  summarized  above,  one  of  the  first  achievements  of  the  smartsantander  project  has  been  to  provide  a  careful  integration  of  components  coming  from  different  existing  projects  namely  wisebed  wisebed,  sensei  sensei  and  telco  2.0  telco  in  order  to  fulfil  the  described  requirements.  a  graphical  representation  of  the  provided  integration  and  the  involved  components
__label__environmentmonitoring for  all  the  aforementioned  use  cases  is  shown  in  figure  12.  figure  12:  smartsantander  logical  architecture  in  figure  12,  they  can  be  identified  the  main  components  composing  the  smartsantander  architecture:  portal  server,  service  provision  gw  spgw,  gw  for  experimentation  gw4exp  and  iot  nodes.  the  portal  server  represents  the  access  point  to  the  smartsantander  facility  for  administrators,  services  and  experiment  users.  it  hosts  an  adapted  version  of  the  wisebed  testbed  runtime  components,  including  sensor  network  authentication  and  authorization  snaa,  reservation  system  rs  and  iwsn  api/wsn  app  implementation.  the  snaa  component  offers  the  basic  functions  for  access  control  through  shibbolethbased  authentication  and
__label__environmentmonitoring authorization.  therefore,  at  this  stage,  no  accountbased  access  control  and  other  accounting  functions  are  provided.  the  resource  reservation  system  rs  api  from  testbed  runtime  is  instead  used  for  making,  querying  and  editing  reservations  of  iot  nodes  and  supports  a  number  of  solutions  for  the  persistence  of  these  reservations,  such  as  inmemory  persistence,  google  calendar  persistence  and  database  persistence.  the  iwsn  api  represents  the  backend  implementation  of  the  set  of  functionalities  required  for  interacting  with  the  iot  nodes  with  commands  such  as  reset,  reprogramming,  checking  if  a  node  is  alive,  adding/removing  virtual  links  and  many  others.  the  iwsn  api  provides  also
__label__environmentmonitoring the  implementation  of  a  channel  for  exchanging  debug  and  control  message  between  the  portal  server  and  the  corresponding  gw  for  experimentation  gw4exp,  as  well  as  with  iot  nodes.  this  type  of  gateway  is  only  needed  for  use  cases  and  iot  nodes  with  capacity  for  running  native  experimentation.  the  communication  is  achieved  by  exploiting  the  protocol  buffer  message  scheme.  the  iwsn  api  counterpart  on  the  gw4exp  is  indeed  extended  with  a  new  component,  named  wsn  device  app,  that  allows  for  a  1:n  message  exchanges  between  the  iot  node  directly  connected  to  the  gw  by  means  of  a  wired  usb/serial  connection  and
__label__environmentmonitoring purely  wireless  nodes,  as  per  in  the  smartsantander  architecture.  this  new  module  permits  to  overcome  the  limit  of  the  previous  iwsn  api  implementation  that  assumed  a  1:1  sensor  device,  serial  port  pairing.  overcoming  a  previous  limitation  of  the  initial  testbed  runtime  implementation,  relying  on  statically  maintained  configuration  files  to  define  the  network  topology  and  to  correctly  forward  messages  to  and  from  nodes,  that  need  to  be  manually  updated  and  distributed  to  all  nodes  where  the  testbed  runtime  runs,  the  new  architecture  provides  also  features  for  automating  this  process  within  the  resource  manager  module.  in  this  sense,  information  sent  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring different  spgw  service  provision  gw  through  the  corresponding  nodemanager  module  is  received  by  the  eventbroker,  which  interacts  with  iot  manager,  tr  configurator  and  usn  configurator.  iot  manager  is  in  charge  of  updating  the  resource  directory  inherited  from  sensei  project,  chosen  for  storing  the  required  configuration  parameters.  the  trconfigurator  and  usnconfigurator,  have  then  been  developed  in  order  to  automatically  complete  the  reconfiguration  process  of  the  new  resources.  an  adaptation  of  the  rd  has  been  realized  in  order  to  provide  a  notification  mechanism  to  the  components  that  subscribe  it  for,  when  a  new  resource  is  added.  in  this  way,  the  trconfigurator  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  usnconfigurator  can  receive  notifications  when  respectively;  a  new  experimental  or  service  node  is  added  to  the  rd.  upon  receiving  a  new  notification  and  after  fetching  the  required  configuration  information,  the  trconfigurator  and  the  usnconfigurator  can  build  the  needed  configuration  files  and  distribute  them  to  the  respectively  controlled  subsystem,  namely  the  smartsantander  tesbed  runtime  inherited  from  wisebed  project  and  the  usn  data  platform  provided  by  telefonica  idas.  this  distribution  is  achieved  by  means  of  a  secure  ftp  connection.  by  means  of  an  admin  gui,  an  administrator  can  configure  the  addition  of  a  new  resource  either  a  new  experimental  or  service
__label__environmentmonitoring node,  before  physically  connecting  it  to  the  testbed  and  powering  it  up.  in  order  to  run  an  experiment,  by  means  of  a  native  experiment  client,  the  experimenters  are  allowed  to  access  to  the  portal  server,  using  an  authentication  and  authorization  mechanism  provided  by  the  snaa  feature,  and  to  reserve  resources  using  the  reservation  system  on  which  they  can  perform  experiments  configuring  them  through  the  iwsn  api,  thus  accessing  to  the  peer  iwsn  api  module  within  the  corresponding  experimentation  gw.  it  must  be  taken  into  consideration  that  not  all  developed  use  cases  allow  native  experimentation  under  their  deployed  nodes.  in  order
__label__environmentmonitoring to  allow  the  user  to  access  services  provided  data,  a  service  level  experiment  client  has  been  developed.  through  it,  the  user  can  access  to  the  usn  component  providing  a  number  of  useful  functions  for  the  development  of  iot  applications  and  services  ranging  from  sensor  discovery,  observation  storage,  publishsubscribenotify  to  a  trigger  mechanism  for  the  remote  execution  of  tasks  on  iot  nodes  and  actuators.  the  service  data  generated  by  all  use  cases  running  under  the  smartsantander  facility  can  be  then  available  to  the  usn  system  pushing  them  through  an  http  post  method  and  then  to  the  corresponding  user.  finally,  within  the
__label__environmentmonitoring smartsantander  project,  applications  have  been  also  developed  using  information  provided  by  deployed  nodes  through  the  usn  and  generating  the  corresponding  service  for  the  user.  in  this  section,  the  eight  use  cases  developed  within  the  city  of  santander  will  be  described  in  a  detailed  way,  indicating  how  they  fulfill  the  serviceexperimentation  duality  prosecuted  by  the  project,at  the  same  time  as  correct  network  management  is  also  assured.  these  three  use  cases  present  the  same  hw  technology  for  the  deployment  and  implement  an  specific  sw  architecture  in  order  to  manage  serviceexperimentation  duality  as  well  as  network  management  in  a  simultaneous  way.  these  three
__label__environmentmonitoring use  cases  share  the  same  architecture,  conceived  as  a  3tiered  approach  and  defined  next:  1.  :  responsible  for  sensing  the  corresponding  parameter  temperature,  co,  noise,  light,  car  presence,  soil  temperature,  soil  humidity.  the  majority  of  them  are  integrated  in  the  repeaters,  whilst  the  others  stand  alone  communicating  wirelessly  with  the  corresponding  repeaters  it  is  the  case  for  the  parking  sensor  buried  under  the  asphalt.  for  these  devices,  due  to  the  impossibility  of  powering  them  with  electricity,  they  must  be  fed  with  batteries.  2.  :  these  nodes  are  highrise  placed  in  street  lights,  semaphores,  information  panels,  etc,  in  order  to  behave
__label__environmentmonitoring as  forwarding  nodes  to  transmit  all  the  information  associated  to  the  different  measured  parameters.  the  communication  between  repeaters  and  iot  nodes  performs  through  802.15.4  protocol.  3.  :  both  iot  nodes  and  repeaters,  are  configured  to  send  all  the  information  through  802.15.4  protocol,  experimentdriven  as  well  as  service  provision  and  network  management  to  the  gateway.  once  information  is  received  by  this  node,  it  can  either  store  it  in  a  database  which  can  be  placed  in  a  web  server  to  be  directly  accessed  from  internet,  or  send  it  to  another  machine  central  server,  through  the  different  interfaces  provided  by  it  wifi,  gprs/umts
__label__environmentmonitoring or  ethernet.  taking  into  account  the  twofold  approach,  experimentation  and  service  provision,  prosecuted  by  the  project,  it  is  needed  to  define  an  infrastructure  that  allows  executing  both  experimentation  and  useraddressed  services  in  a  joint  manner,  thus  providing  flexibility  for  researchers  to  try  their  applications  on  the  testbed,  at  the  same  time  that  a  service  addressed  to  ease  and  fulfill  citizens  requirements  is  running.  to  handle  this  execution  concurrency  in  an  efficient  way,  a  solution  based  on  hardware  independence  is  posed.  this  solution,  provided  by  the  spanish  company  libelium,  consists  of  nodes  implementing  two  different  physical  interfaces,  as  shown  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring figure13.  figure  13:  deployed  iot  node  and  gateway  the  node  depicted  in  figure  13  is  composed  of  the  following  parts:  main  board:  this  board  called  waspmote  is  in  charge  of  processing  and  memory  issues,  providing  a  set  of  interfaces  for  attaching  different  types  of  sensors  both  analogue  and  digital,  as  well  as  to  plug  several  radio  modules  to  communicate  with  other  nodes.  the  waspmote  comes  with  with  a  atmega1281  microcontroller,  and  several  types  of  memory,  8kb  sram,  4kb  eeprom,  128kb  flash  and  an  extra  storing  sd  memory  with  2gb  capacity.  on  the  other  hand,  7  analogue  and  8  digital  interfaces
__label__environmentmonitoring are  available  for  external  sensor  connection,  as  well  as  1  pwm,  2uart,  1  i2c  and  1  usb  interfaces  for  attaching  different  communication  modules.  all  the  development  tools  libraries,  apis,  etc.  provided  by  libelium  are  based  on  a  pseudowiring  solution  which  aims  to  promote  the  simplicity  of  the  functioning  of  the  microprocessor  based  on  events  and  loops.  attached  to  the  main  board,  they  are  placed  the  sensor  boards  with  the  corresponding  sensing  capabilities,  such  as  temperature,  luminosity,  noise,  parking,  co,  soil  temperature.  two  xbeepro  radio  modules:  both  modules  manufactured  by  digi  company,  run  over  2.4  ghz  frequency.  one  of  the  modules
__label__environmentmonitoring implements  802.15.4  protocol  in  a  native  way,  and  the  other  one  runs  802.15.4  protocol  modified  with  a  proprietary  routing  protocol  called  digimesh.  this  is  a  proprietary  peertopeer  networking  topology  protocol  for  use  in  wireless  endpoint  connectivity  solutions,  allowing  addressing  in  a  simple  way.  the  three  components  composing  the  infrastructure:  iot  nodes,  repeaters  and  gateways,  are  equipped  of  the  aforementioned  component  in  order  to  guarantee  the  service  provision  as  well  as  the  experimentation  over  the  same  node  in  a  simultaneous  and  independent  way.  in  the  case  of  the  gateway  node,  as  it  is  intended  to  gather  and  facilitate  all  the  information
__label__environmentmonitoring taken  from  the  wsn,  either  to  external  networks  internet  or  application  level  services,  it  needs  to  implement  high  memory/processor  capacity  and  added  communication  skills.  to  fulfill  all  these  requirements,  another  device  called  meshlium,  also  manufactured  by  libelium,  with  higher  capacity  in  terms  of  processor  500mhz  and  memory  256mb  ram  and  up  to  32gb  hard  disk  is  utilized.  regarding  to  its  communication  skills,  apart  from  the  two  xbee  radio  modules  for  communication  with  the  deployed  nodes,  also  wifi,  gprs,  bluetooth  and  ethernet  interfaces  are  provided.  considering  the  size  of  the  deployed  network,  it  is  of  utmost  importance  to  be  able  to
__label__environmentmonitoring continuously  monitor  and  manage  such  a  large  infrastructure  in  the  most  efficient  way.  for  this  purpose,  and  taking  into  account  the  aforementioned  experimentservice  duality  and  the  two  radio  modules  availability,  the  way  iot  nodes  interact  with  the  rest  of  the  smartsantander  system  is  as  follows:  in  this  respect,  it  is  guaranteed  that  both  management  and  service  traffics  are  transmitted  in  a  physically  independent  way  from  the  experimentation  information,  thus  obtaining  interesting  results:  the  provided  service  will  never  be  interfered  nor  interrupted  by  experiments,  thus  avoiding  the  disruption  of  this  service  because  of  a  misuse  of  the  network  by  some  experiment.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  results  retrieved  from  the  experiment  might  be  assumed  as  if  the  testbed  were  only  for  experimentation  purposes,  as  there  is  no  interfering  traffic  within  the  network,  but  only  the  one  associated  to  the  corresponding  experiment.  the  management  of  the  network  is  more  reliable  as  all  traffic  running  on  the  digimesh  interface  is  predictable  all  services  are  installed  at  startup;  so  no  external  traffic  will  affect  the  communications.  in  this  sense,  nodes  will  be  provided  with  a  default  program  called  golden  image,  which  will  carry  out  the  functionality  associated  to  the  corresponding  service,  as  well  as  all  the  management  issues
__label__environmentmonitoring needed  for  the  correct  network  operation.  this  image  will  be  loaded  in  the  nodes  at  the  network  startup,  and  reflashed  when  a  node  is  restored  to  its  default  state.  once  defined  the  hardware  deployment,  as  well  as  the  service/experimentation  duality  prosecuted  by  the  project,  it  is  needed  to  fit  this  infrastructure  within  the  logical  architecture  provided  by  the  project.  in  this  sense,  and  as  it  was  described  in  the  introductory  section,  communication  with  iot  nodes  and  repeaters  from  the  gateway  nodes,  is  performed  through  the  testbed  runtime  tr.  the  tr  creates  an  overlay  network  for  easy  node  addressing  and  message
__label__environmentmonitoring exchange  with  locally  attached  nodes  independent  from  the  actual  underlying  network  connections.  it  performs  message  forwarding  and  offers  communication  primitives  that  are  used  for  the  control  and  management  of  experiments  and  the  wsn  itself.  the  tr  design  defines  the  connection  services  which  handle  the  messages  exchanged  with  the  iot  nodes.  the  architecture  of  the  tr  implies  that  there  is  one  connection  per  iot  node  in  the  testbed  which  is  accessed  through  an  exclusive  connector.  this  approach  is  flawed  in  a  wireless  context.  if  wireless  nodes  are  used,  all  the  iot  nodes  are  connected  with  the  gw  meshlium  running  the  tr
__label__environmentmonitoring through  the  same  network  interface  either  through  802.15.4  or  digimesh  interface.  hence,  the  isolation  of  the  connection  with  each  of  the  iot  nodes  has  to  be  provided  through  appropriate  multiplexing  and  demultiplexing  of  the  communication  within  the  connection  service  developed  for  the  iot  devices.  figure  14  particularization  of  figure  12  illustrates  the  data  flow  between  portal  server/usn  platform  and  iot  nodes,  though  the  meshlium  gw4exp  in  this  particular  case  and  service  provision  gateway  spgw.  as  previously  commented,  for  these  three  use  cases,  both  native  experimentation  as  well  as  experimentation  at  service  level  can  be  carried  out  in  most  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring nodes,  except  parking  ones  that  do  not  allow  it  because  of  battery  constraints.  figure  14:  environmental  monitoring,  parking  and  irrigation  logical  architecture  considering  that  portal  server  associated  functionalities,  as  well  as  both  native  and  at  service  level  experimentation  have  been  already  described,  next  it  is  described  the  functionality  of  meshlium  and  spgw.  meshlium  module  is  in  charge  of  gathering  and  processing  the  information  retrieved  by  the  deployed  nodes,  interacting  accordingly  with  the  portal  server  and  the  usn  platform.  commserver  module,  through  a  single  serial  port  connection  serial  port0  and  1,  receives  the  information  retrieved  by  deployed  nodes,  associated  to  management
__label__environmentmonitoring and  service  digimesh  interface,  as  well  as  experimentation  native  802.15.4  interface.  once  information  is  received,  this  is  sent  to  the  service  proxy  and  the  wireless  sensor  network  api.  service  proxy  takes  the  information,  process  it  and  sends  it  to  the  corresponding  process  in  this  case  the  associated  to  fixed  nodes  service  running  within  the  spgw.  this  service  provision  information  is  stored  in  the  service  manager  and  sent  to  the  usn  platform.  furthermore,  so  service  only  node  manager  module  uses  this  information  to  feedback  resource  manger  module  within  the  portal  server.  iwsn  is  in  charge  of  interaction  between  meshlium  and  portal
__label__environmentmonitoring server  through  the  tr  provided  functionalities  in  order  to  carry  out  experimentation  in  a  native  way.  some  configuration  commands,  as  well  as  otap  procedures  are  carried  out  through  this  module.  finally,  it  is  not  enough  to  implement  the  aforementioned  components  to  fully  support  the  iot  nodes  that  have  been  deployed  in  the  smartsantander  facility.  there  are  three  main  functional  features,  namely  experiments  support,  platform  management  and  service  provision,  that  have  to  be  supported,  at  the  same  time,  at  the  iot  node  level.  these  three  functionalities  have  to  coexist  on  the  iot  nodes  in  such  a  way  that  all  of  them
__label__environmentmonitoring are  supported  and  they  do  not  affect  each  other  significantly.  basically,  in  order  to  fulfill  this  requirement,  it  is  needed  to  implement  these  functionalities  within  the  programs  to  be  loaded  on  the  iot  nodes.  in  this  sense,  it  is  also  necessary  to  implement  these  mandatory  features  and  guarantee  that  they  are  always  present  on  the  iot  nodes.  hence,  the  last  module  that  has  to  be  implemented  will  run  on  the  iot  nodes  and  will  be  on  the  one  hand  the  responsible  for  supporting  the  provision  of  services  and  on  the  other  hand  for  handling  the  commands  and  messages  coming  from
__label__environmentmonitoring the  tr  pertaining  to  experimentation  or  management  support  systems.  as  commented  in  previous  section,  this  code  called  golden  image,  has  been  loaded  in  the  nodes  at  network  startup  allowing  the  network  management,  without  service  provision  disruption  and  loading  different  experiments  on  the  deployed  nodes.  environmental  monitoring  and  outdoor  parking  management  outdoor  parking  management  and  environmental  monitoring  use  cases  share  the  same  infrastructure,  where  several  parking  sensors  iot  nodes  provided  with  one  transceiver  running  the  digimesh  protocol  send  their  parking  state  free  or  occupied,  to  the  corresponding  gateway  through  the  repeaters  placed  at  the  streetlights.  in  addition  to  this,  all  these
__label__environmentmonitoring repeaters  are  equipped  with  temperature,  co,  noise  and  luminosity  sensors,  thus  sending  this  information  to  the  gateway.  the  received  information  is  stored  and  processed  in  the  gateway,  in  order  to  be  used  by  different  applications  running  over  it,  both  in  a  local  way  or  accessing  from  internet  through  the  smartsantander  backbone.  figure  15:  architecture  instantiation  for  phase  1  in  the  santander  deployment  regarding  to  the  data  associated  to  experimentation,  as  it  can  be  observed  in  figure  15,  this  is  transmitted  through  the  802.15.4  native  interface  that  works  in  an  independent  way  from  the  digimesh  one,  thus  assuring  no  disturbance  between
__label__environmentmonitoring experimentation  and  service  provision/network  management  data.  santander  testbed  composes  of  several  clusters,  being  a  cluster  the  set  of  iot  nodes  and  repeaters  that  are  associated  to  a  determined  gateway.  figure  16  shows  in  detail  one  of  these  clusters.  as  it  can  be  depicted  from  the  figure  different  environmental  sensors  temperature,  co,  noise,  light,  as  well  as  parking  sensor  nodes  have  been  deployed  in  the  city  centre.  all  these  nodes  are  programmed  to  send  all  the  retrieved  information,  to  the  corresponding  meshlium,  and  they  are  also  able  to  be  flashed  with  different  experiments  to  be  run  on  top  of  them.  figure
__label__environmentmonitoring 16:  detail  of  a  cluster  in  the  city  centre  parks  and  gardens  irrigation  in  order  to  control  and  make  it  more  efficient  the  irrigation  in  certain  parks  and  gardens  within  the  city  of  santander,  several  type  of  sensors  will  be  installed  in  order  to  firstly  monitor  and  evaluate  the  current  situation  and  then  to  act  over  the  irrigation  systems  making  it  more  efficient  the  use  of  water.  for  this  purpose,  the  following  types  of  sensors  are  deployed:  weather  station:  anemometer,  pluviometer.  atmospheric  pressure,  solar  radiation,  air  humidity  and  temperature  sensors.  soil  temperature  and  humidity  sensors.  evaluation  of  water  consumption  sensor.
__label__environmentmonitoring figure  17:  detail  of  parks  and  gardens  irrigation  use  case  figure  17  shows  the  different  sensors  deployed  in  a  park/garden,  thus  retrieving  main  parameters  associated  to  soil  and  air  status.  as  previously  indicated,  within  the  smartsantander  project  more  than  2,000  environmental  monitoring  sensors  have  been  already  deployed.  these  sensors  are  monitoring  co  index,  temperature,  noise  level  and  light  intensity.  although  this  deployment  is  very  representative  as  it  is  located  at  the  santander  city  centre,  it  is  necessary  to  extend  the  environmental  monitoring  service  to  other  areas  of  the  city.  hence,  instead  of  continuing  with  fixed  deployments  all  over  the  city,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  hardware  to  be  supplied  will  be  deployed  on  municipal  public  buses,  police  cars  and  other  municipal  service  vehicles.  this  way  we  will  be  able  to  cover  a  much  wider  area  on  a  much  more  efficient  way.  the  architecture  deployed  divides  in  several  parts:  1.  sensors  board:  responsible  for  sensing  the  corresponding  environmental  parameters  temperature,  humidity,  co,  pm10,  o3,  no2,  sending  these  values  through  a  serial  port  to  a  local  processing  unit.  2.  canbus  module:  this  module  is  in  charge  of  measuring  main  parameters  associated  to  the  vehicle  gps  position,  altitude,  speed,  course  and  odometer,  sending  them  to  the  local
__label__environmentmonitoring processing  unit.  3.  waspmote  board:  for  this  use  case,  nodes  similar  to  those  already  deployed  waspmote  nodes  have  been  installed.  for  this  case,  waspmotes  are  only  provided  with  the  802.15.4  interface  for  experimentation  issues,  as  servicerelated  information  and  network  management  data  is  transmitted  by  the  local  processing  unit.  4.  local  processing  unit  lpu:  this  unit,  called  clv,  is  in  charge  of  managing  the  service  provision  data  retrieved  from  sensor  board  and  canbus  module,  experimentation  sending  the  log  messages  generated  by  802.15.4  interface  and  network  management  otap  procedures,  transmission/reception  of  commands.  5.  gateway  for  mobile  nodes  gwm:  equipment  with  high  capacity
__label__environmentmonitoring in  terms  of  computational  power  and  memory  which  is  in  charge  of  gathering  and  processing  all  the  information  sent  from  the  lpus,  just  storing  the  information  in  the  smartsantander  backbone.  all  the  buses  will  be  provided  with  a  sensor  board,  a  canbus  module,  an  iot  device  and  an  lpu,  whilst  in  each  taxi  and  police  car  only  a  sensor  board  and  an  lpu  will  be  installed  no  native  experimentation  allowed  at  taxis  and  police  cars.  from  the  hardware  point  of  view,  in  figure  18  they  are  shown  the  lpu  and  the  waspmote,  the  sensor  and  waspmote  boards.  figure  18:  detail
__label__environmentmonitoring of  lpu,  sensors  and  waspmote  boards  hardware  modules  shown  in  figure  18  have  the  following  characteristics:  :  32bit  risc  processor  with  up  to  60  mips  arm7  at  70  mhz  or  higher  under  a  linux  operating  system  and  with  a  8  mb  flash  memory  for  user  applications  and  16mb  of  ram.  regarding  to  connectivity  issues,  it  is  provided  with  rs232/485  and  can  interfaces  for  devices,  7  digital  inputs,  5  digital  outputs  and  2  analog  inputs.  in  terms  of  communication,  it  provides  a  gprs  interface.  :  measures  several  environmental  parameters,  such  as  co,  no2,  o3,  pm10,  temperature  and  humidity,  including  a  box
__label__environmentmonitoring adapted  for  air  circulation,  as  well  as  a  basic  risc  microcontroller  at  8mhz  for  simple  operations.  power  and  data  transmission/reception  is  carried  out  through  an  rj45  specific  connector.  :  it  is  provided  with  an  802.15.4  native  interface  with  an  antenna  of  5dbi,  used  for  experimentation  issues  within  coverage  areas  of  the  static  802.15.4  static  network  already  deployed.  on  the  other  hand,  a  serial  communication  through  a  rj45  connection  is  enabled  between  the  waspmote  board  and  the  lpu.  figure  19:  intended  mobile  environmental  monitoring  scenario  as  it  can  be  derived  from  figure  19,  mobile  nodes  send  the  retrieved  information  through  gprs
__label__environmentmonitoring interface  to  the  internet/intranet,  and  also,  interact  with  the  corresponding  static  nodes  through  802.15.4  interface  placed  at  streetlamps  and  facades,  already  deployed.  in  order  to  perform  network  management,  at  the  same  time  the  service  is  running  as  well  as  an  eventual  experiment  could  be  executed  over  the  platform,  the  operation  would  be  as  follows:  1.  network  management:  considering  that  lpu  is  provided  with  a  gprs  interface  which  offers  global  coverage,  both  commands  as  well  as  motap  packets  will  be  transmitted  to  this  interface.  once  these  messages  have  been  received  in  the  lpu,  this  will  process  and  forward  them  to  either
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  board  or  gwm,  accordingly.  2.  service  provision:  measurements  carried  out  by  sensors  board  and  canbus  module  where  installed,  will  send  periodic  measurements  to  the  lpu  which  forwards  these  values  to  the  gwm,  thus  providing  service  data  to  the  smartsantander  backbone.  3.  experimentation:  for  the  flashing  of  the  corresponding  experiments,  the  image  to  be  loaded  is  sent  from  the  gwm  to  the  lpu  through  the  gprs  interface.  from  the  lpu,  the  image  code  is  transmitted  to  the  waspmote  board  through  the  corresponding  serial  interface.  in  this  respect,  it  is  guaranteed  that  both  management  and  service  traffics  are  transmitted  in  a
__label__environmentmonitoring physically  independent  way  from  the  experimentation  information,  thus  obtaining  interesting  results:  the  provided  service  will  never  be  interfered  nor  interrupted  by  experiments,  thus  avoiding  the  disruption  of  this  service  because  of  a  misuse  of  the  network  by  some  experiment.  the  results  retrieved  from  the  experiment  might  be  assumed  as  if  the  testbed  were  only  for  experimentation  purposes,  as  there  is  no  interfering  traffic  within  the  network,  but  only  the  one  associated  to  the  corresponding  experiment.  the  management  of  the  network  is  more  reliable  as  all  traffic  running  on  the  gprs  interface  is  predictable  all  services  are  installed  at  startup;  so
__label__environmentmonitoring no  external  traffic  will  affect  the  communications.  in  this  sense,  nodes  will  be  provided  with  a  default  program  called  golden  image,  which  will  carry  out  the  functionality  associated  to  the  corresponding  service,  as  well  as  all  the  management  issues  needed  for  the  correct  network  operation.  this  image  will  be  loaded  in  the  nodes  at  the  network  startup,  and  reflashed  when  a  node  is  restored  to  its  default  state.  once  described  the  hardware  architecture  as  well  as  the  intended  deployment,  next  it  is  shown  the  logical  architecture  for  this  use  case.  the  architecture  shown  in  figure  20  is  very  similar  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  one  used  for  fixed  nodes  except  from,  instead  of  meshlium,  the  gw  module  for  managing  communications  with  mobile  iot  devices  is  the  gateway  for  moble  nodes  gw4mn,  in  charge  of  gathering  and  processing  the  communication  between  the  iot  devices  and  the  portal  server  and  usn  platform.  in  this  sense,  the  fleetserver  is  in  charge  of  receiving  the  information  transmitted  by  the  deployed  mobile  nodes  through  a  gprs  interface.  both  experimentation  at  a  native  way  and  at  service  level  are  allowed  over  this  use  case.  figure  20:  mobile  environmental  monitoring  logical  architecture  in  order  the  iot  nodes  to  support  experiments,
__label__environmentmonitoring platform  management  and  service  provision,  it  is  also  necessary  to  implement  these  mandatory  features  and  guarantee  that  they  are  always  present  on  the  iot  nodes.  hence,  the  iot  nodes  will  run  a  specific  module  in  charge  of  both  supporting  the  provision  of  services  and  handling  the  commands  and  messages  coming  from  the  tr  pertaining  to  experimentation  or  management  support  systems.  as  commented  in  previous  section,  this  code  called  golden  image,  has  been  loaded  in  the  nodes  at  network  startup  allowing  the  network  management,  without  service  provision  disruption  and  loading  different  experiments  on  the  deployed  nodes.  nowadays,  the  measure  and  classification
__label__environmentmonitoring of  vehicles  in  road  traffic  is  accomplished  by  inductive  loops  placed  under  the  pavement.  these  inductive  loops  allow  monitoring  vehicle  passing  by  means  of  different  configurations  which  provide  us  a  number  of  data  in  order  to  control  several  parameters  of  the  traffic  vehicle  speed,  traffic  congestion,  traffic  accidents.  however,  these  systems  have  several  problems  and  disadvantages  like  their  deployment,  maintenance,  high  cost,  and  put  into  gear,  among  others.  in  this  sense,  within  the  smartsantander  project  a  solution  based  on  sensors  buried  under  the  asphalt  has  been  deployed  to  control  traffic  parameters  at  main  entrances  of  the  city  of  santander.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring architecture  deployed  divides  in  several  parts:  1.  :  buried  under  the  asphalt,  they  are  accountable  for  sensing  the  corresponding  traffic  parameters  traffic  volumes,  road  occupancy,  vehicle  speed,  queue  length,  sending  these  values  through  an  802.15.4  interface  to  the  indicated  repeaters.  2.  :  this  module  is  in  charge  of  forwarding  the  measurements  retrieved  from  the  traffic  nodes,  making  it  available  to  the  corresponding  access  point.  3.  :  both  traffic  sensors  and  repeaters,  are  configured  to  send  all  the  information  to  the  access  point.  once  information  is  received  by  this  node,  it  can  either  store  it  in  a  database  which  can  be
__label__environmentmonitoring placed  in  a  web  server  to  be  directly  accessed  from  internet,  or  send  it  to  another  machine  central  server,  through  the  different  interfaces  provided  by  it  gprs/umts  or  ethernet.  figure  21:  intended  traffic  intensity  monitoring  scenario  in  figure  21,  some  traffic  monitoring  sensors  are  deployed  in  different  road  lanes,  thus  retrieving  information  on  vehicle  speed,  flow  and  queue  length.  from  the  hardware  point  of  view,  in  figure  22  they  are  shown  the  traffic  sensor,  the  repeater  and  the  access  point.  figure  22:  detail  of  traffic  sensor,  repeater  and  access  point  main  characteristics  of  deployed  hardware  are  indicated  next:  :  it
__label__environmentmonitoring uses  magnetoresistive  sensors  to  detect  the  presence  and  movement  of  vehicles,  working  at  a  frequency  of  2.4  ghz  and  a  data  rate  of  250kbps.  furthermore,  it  is  provided  with  an  ip68  ingress  protection.  :  it  extends  the  range  and  coverage  of  an  installations  access  point.  both  access  point  and  repeater  antennas  provide  a  120,  so  for  increasing  coverage  area  a  repeater  can  be  mounted  on  the  same  pole  or  mast  as  the  access  point,  but  pointed  in  the  opposite  direction.  repeaters  are  battery  powered  battery  replacement  every  two  years,  as  they  present  a  low  power  consumption.  :  intelligent  device  operating
__label__environmentmonitoring under  the  linux  operating  system  that  maintains  twoway  wireless  links  to  sensors  and  repeaters,  as  well  as  it  uses  a  wired  or  wireless  connection  to  relay  the  sensor  detection  to  the  corresponding  smartsantander  remote  server.  for  this  purpose,  access  points  are  provided  with  an  802.15.4  interface  and  an  ethernet  or  gprs/umts  interface,  respectively.  for  this  use  case,  native  experimentation  is  not  supported,  but  only  addressed  experimentation  at  service  level.  in  this  sense,  deployed  platform  must  only  support  service  provision  and  network  management,  as  indicated  next:  1.  :  for  this  purpose,  from  portal  server  commands  and  firmware  updates  are  sent  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  access  points,  which  forwards  them  to  the  corresponding  repeaters  and,  also,  to  the  buried  nodes.  2.  :  for  service  provision,  data  retrieved  from  repeaters/sensors  can  be  processed,  either  in  the  access  points  and  then  sent  them  to  the  portal  server  or  directly  transmit  raw  data  and  then  process  them  in  the  portal  server.  in  this  sense,  main  service  parameters  can  be  varied  in  order  to  adapt  service  to  the  corresponding  requirements.  figure  23  shows  the  logical  architecture  associated  to  this  use  case.  figure  23:  traffic  intensity  monitoring  logical  architecture  unlike  the  aforementioned  use  cases,  as  this  one  does  not
__label__environmentmonitoring allow  native  experimentation  over  the  deployed  nodes,  it  is  not  needed  a  specific  gw  for  experimentation  issues  and  neither  functionalities  associated  to  experimentation  within  tr  are  implemented.  in  this  sense,  deployed  traffic  nodes  send  the  corresponding  information  to  the  access  point,  which  gather  all  the  retrieved  information  sending  it  through  an  stream  socket  to  the  corresponding  service  traffic  control  nodes  server  within  the  service  manager  module.  during  the  first  phase  deployment  of  the  smartsantander  project,  around  400  parking  sensors  have  been  installed  in  order  to  detect  the  occupancy  degree  of  determined  parking  lots.  once  the  nodes  are  providing  information  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  occupancy  status  of  the  different  parking  places,  the  next  step  is  to  guide  the  drivers  towards  available  free  lots  through  the  use  of  several  panels,  mainly  placed  at  the  streets  intersections.  the  architecture  deployed  divides  in  two  parts:  1.  :  according  to  the  information  received  from  the  central  station,  the  panel  will  show  the  number  of  places  available  in  a  determined  parking  zone,  displaying  it  in  different  colors  depending  on  the  occupancy  degree.  the  panel  can  show  other  information  and  messages  that  are  not  necessarily  related  to  parking  e.g.  street  closed  for  renovation.  2.  :  it  receives,  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring portal  server,  all  data  retrieved  by  the  sensors  already  deployed  to  detect  parking  lots  availability,  thus  processing  it  accordingly  and  transmitting  the  suitable  information  to  the  corresponding  panel.  in  addition  to  the  reception  of  information  from  smartsantander  architecture,  central  station  also  sends  incidences  and  other  data  related  to  the  gathered  information.  figure  24  shows  an  overview  of  the  installed  infrastructure.  figure  24:  guidance  to  free  parking  lots  use  case  as  it  can  be  derived  from  figure  24,  several  panels  are  in  charge  of  showing  the  number  of  free  lots  in  different  streets,  green  colour  for  streets  with  lots  available,  whilst
__label__environmentmonitoring red  one  for  streets  with  no  free  parking  lots.  from  the  hardware  point  of  view,  in  figure  25  they  are  shown  some  examples  of  the  panels  to  be  installed.  figure  25:  detail  of  some  of  the  panels  to  be  installed  main  characteristics  of  the  panels  are  indicated  next:  panel  is  provided  with  a  multicolor  led  display  green/red/amber  and  a  120  mm  digit  height  alphanumeric,  assuring  a  reading  distance  up  to  50  meters.  panels  must  have  uninterruptible  power  supply  220  v,  although  they  are  also  equipped  with  a  ups  uninterruptible  power  supply  to  protect  against  small  outages  30  minutes.  furthermore,  panel
__label__environmentmonitoring is  provided  with  an  ip67  protection  and  a  gprs  connection  for  transmitting/receiving  information.  for  this  use  case,  native  experimentation  is  not  supported,  but  only  experimentation  at  service  level  is  provided.  in  this  sense,  deployed  platform  must  only  support  service  provision  and  network  management,  as  indicated  next:  1.  network  management:  panels  can  be  accessed  from  the  central  station  in  order  to  modify  several  parameters,  such  as  refresh  period  of  available  parking  lots.  panels  can  also  send  incidences  regarding  to  communication  problems,  operation  failures.  direct  communication  between  panels  is  not  available.  2.  service  provision:  for  service  provision,  data  retrieved  from  portal  server
__label__environmentmonitoring provided  by  the  static  parking  sensors  buried  under  the  asphalt  is  sent  to  the  central  station  that  will  process  it,  transmitting  to  each  panel  the  information  associated  to  the  zone  covered  by  this  panel.  apart  from  the  traffic  associated  to  this  service,  central  station  also  process  the  information  received,  sending  statistical  information  to  the  portal  server.  in  this  sense,  main  service  parameters  can  be  varied  in  order  to  adapt  service  to  the  corresponding  requirements.  the  logical  architecture  associated  to  panels  is  shown  in  figure  26:  figure  26:  guidance  to  free  parking  lots  logical  architecture  this  use  case  is  very  similar
__label__environmentmonitoring to  the  traffic  one  as  native  experimentation  is  not  supported.  in  addition,  this  use  case  has  the  particularity  that  the  information  panel  service,  not  only  sends  service  related  information  to  the  usn,  but  also  it  takes  information  regarding  to  available  parking  lots  stored  in  the  usn  by  fixed  nodes  server,  processing  it  and  sending  that  to  the  corresponding  panel.  unlike  to  the  aforementioned  use  cases,  these  ones  are  intended  as  applications  and  services  developed  within  the  smarsantander  project  over  the  deployed  infrastructure.  nevertheless,  both  ones  allow  experimentation  at  service  level  with  the  information  provided  by  anonymous  users  through  their  smartphones,
__label__environmentmonitoring tablets  participatory  sensing;  as  well  as  the  information  inferred  by  the  access  to  different  links  associated  to  the  reading  of  a  determined  rfid  tag  or  a  qr  code  label  augmented  reality.  figure  27:  design  of  the  rfid/qr  sticker  to  be  placed  at  shops  figure  28:  augmented  reality  and  participatory  sensing  logical  architecture  figure  27  shows  one  example  of  the  stickers  to  be  installed  at  shops,  where  it  can  be  observed  that  both  nfc  and  qr  access  is  available  for  the  user.  in  figure  28,  logical  architecture  is  depicted,  where  it  can  be  observed  that  augmented  reality  application  takes  the  corresponding
__label__environmentmonitoring information  from  the  tag  and  process  it  in  the  corresponding  server  within  the  service  manager.  for  the  participatory  sensing  use  case,  smartphones  and  tablets  behave  both  as  information  producers  and  consumers  prosumers,  so  information  sent  from  the  participatory  sensing  server  to  the  usn  is  taken  by  the  pace  of  the  city  server,  processing  it  accordingly  and  offering  in  a  suitable  way  to  the  end  users.  the  pace  of  the  city  application  could  be  considered  as  an  example  of  experimentation  at  service  level,  as  information  provided  by  smartsantander  facility  is  used  by  an  application  for  offering  a  determined  service.
__label__environmentmonitoring curated  by  vinayprabhakar  minj  we  need  iot  in  environment  monitoring  to  be  able  to  conserve  energy,  water  and  other  natural  resources,  which  are  being  contaminated  every  second.  in  conventional  environmental  monitoring  methods,  you  get  the  samples,  process  it  and  do  the  analytical  instrumentation  on  that.  there  are  two  ways  of  doing  it:  instrumental  methods  have  direct  analytics,  where  you  automatically  get  the  readings  and  the  results.  in  indirect  methods,  you  need  to  pretreat  the  samples  and  then  do  sedimentation,  isolation  and  other  processes.  when  we  talk  about  environmental  monitoring  using  iot,  we  primarily  focus  on  areas  such  as  waste  management,
__label__environmentmonitoring air  pollution  and  extreme  weather.  when  we  go  deep  into  the  environment  monitoring,  it  is  a  very  complex  system,  and  so  we  cant  just  start  using  sensors  for  regulatory  purposes.  the  need  for  iot  in  environment  monitoring  is  actually  to  conserve  energy,  water  and  other  resources  because  resources  are  being  contaminated  every  second.  if  we  have  data  for  water  and  air,  then  we  could  have  more  judgemental  things,  like  ai  and  ml  tools.  there  are  environmental  sensors  for  measuring  water  quality,  radiations  and  hazardous  chemical  conditions.  similarly,  in  industrial  iot  also,  we  need  to  have  such  methods  for  the  safety
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  workers  because  some  industries  generate  obnoxious  gases  like  sulphur,  methane  and  sulphurs  compounds  which  are  bad  for  human  health.by  getting  the  data  out  of  the  sensors,  they  would  be  able  maintain  a  good  safety  record.  also,  places  that  are  inaccessible  could  also  effectively  utilise  the  sensors.  since  2012,  research  is  happening  all  over  the  world  on  environmental  sensors.  few  reviews  have  already  been  done:  standards  are  being  implemented  for  pm  1  also,  but  more  precisely  we  are  measuring  pm10  and  pm  2.5.  sensors  are  divided  into  two  categories:  electrochemicalbased  sensors  and  metaloxidebased  sensors.  companies  use  these  sensors  based
__label__environmentmonitoring on  their  requirements.  both  types  of  sensors  have  advantages  and  disadvantages.  but  research  is  being  done  mostly  on  metaloxide  sensors  to  get  more  sound  results  for  environmental  monitoring.  likewise,  the  micro  sensorbased  air  quality  monitoring  system  was  developed  for  detecting  the  realtime  monitoring  of  airborne  fine  particultes.  it  has  already  been  tested.  as  the  environment  is  heterogeneous,  the  system  needs  to  be  utilised  well,  because  you  cannot  just  develop  one  protocol  based  system  and  expect  it  to  work  in  all  the  situations.  therfore,  you  need  to  have  a  multiprotocol  system.  also  we  need  to  understand  the  interference  of  pollutants  because
__label__environmentmonitoring pollutants  such  as  ozone,  no2  or  nox  particles  have  the  interference  capability.  therefore,  people  need  to  understand  the  science  behind  that  interference,  how  the  data  is  coming  and  what  could  be  the  reason  for  the  deviation  in  the  data.  then  only  a  sensor  can  be  well  characterised  and  developed.  the  top  sensors  used  in  environment  are  :  usepa  us  environmental  protection  agency  has  evaluated  sensors  with  their  conventional  methods  so  that  they  can  be  utilised  for  research  purposes  and  iot  applications.the  alphasense  opc  n2  sensor  is  for  pm  10  and  pm  2.5  monitoring.  this  was  tested  through  grimm,  which  is
__label__environmentmonitoring a  certified  handheld  monitor.  so  far,  these  sensors  have  not  been  internationally  certified.  what  i  meant  to  say  is  that  you  wont  get  usepa  certified  sensors,  but  you  will  get  usepa  evaluated  sensors.  this  is  because  the  technology  is  new  and  it  keeps  on  evolving.  after  every  six  months,  you  will  find  a  new  version  of  those  sensors.  aqmesh,  cairclip  and  citysense  are  gas  phase  sensors.  these  are  being  evaluated  by  the  usepa  and  are  internationally  funded  projects.  the  systems  are  being  tested  against  standard  instrumentation  techniques.  a  typical  regulatory  monitor  is  quite  expensive,  and  is  based  on  analytical  methods
__label__environmentmonitoring not  sensor.  it  is  highly  reliable  but  it  is  stationary,  that  means  it  cannot  be  moved  from  one  place  to  another.moreover,  trained  staff  is  required  to  operate  it.  one  of  its  advantages  is  that  it  can  operate  upto  10  years.  but  it  needs  to  be  calibrated  quarterly.  on  the  other  hand,  a  typical  lowcost  monitor  does  not  require  too  much  training,  but  then  it  has  a  limited  lifetime.  the  current  technology  is  expensive,  provides  only  a  snapshot  of  the  data,  requires  expertise  to  use  it  and  takes  time  in  lab  analysis.  what  we  at  the  national  environmental  engineering  research  institute
__label__environmentmonitoring are  targeting  is,  to  develop  a  new  technology,  with  iot  included  in  it,  that  will  be  low  cost,  easy  to  use  and  will  provide  continuous  data.  however,  those  technology  needs  to  have  a  qa/qc  approval  and  there  is  no  common  agency  which  is  approving  these  techniques.  this  is  one  of  the  problems  we  are  facing.  major  research  findings  for  sensors  or  systems  were  in  microprocessors.  this  system  includes  a  wide  variety  of  low  cost  components  varying  from  100  to  300.  if  you  are  not  a  good  integrator,  you  cannot  integrate  these  components  well.  you  also  cannot  use  multiple  sensors  in
__label__environmentmonitoring a  single  board.  that  is  another  challenge.  if  a  balance  can  be  maintained  between  the  power,  the  cost  and  the  latency,  then  only  we  can  start  using  the  system  in  the  real  environment.  sensor  characteristics  include  stability,  detection  limit,  repeatability  and  reproductibility  and  cost,  while  user  requirements  includes  measurement  duration,  data  quality  and  budget.  a  sensors  lifetime  is  only  two  or  three  years.the  sensitivity,  stability  and  the  longevity  of  the  sensors  need  to  be  improved  for  its  operation.  the  indian  government  has  defined  the  air  quality  index.  it  uses  one  numberone  colourone  description  to  judge  air  quality.  from  this,  it
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  known  that  pm  10  is  the  highest  polluting  among  all  pollutants.  we  have  conducted  our  own  case  study  by  installing  ten  iot  basedsensors  in  delhi.  our  findings  say  that  lowcost  sensors  dominate  the  market  and  a  few  sensing  elements  exist.more  research  needs  to  be  done  on  sensing  elements.  pm  sensors  are  widely  available  as  compared  to  the  gas  phase  sensors.  the  sensors  are  mostly  dominated  by  electrochemical  or  metal  oxides.  two  major  challenges  for  sensor  application  are:  from  2012  till  now,  there  is  a  huge  cost  reduction.  reliability  is  there  but  more  is  required  before  getting  into  reality.
__label__environmentmonitoring also,  the  cost  involved  in  installation,  maintenance  and  data  analysis  needs  to  be  reduced.  going  forward,  we  are  looking  towards  seamless  implementation,  data  quality  and  reliability.  the  above  article  is  an  abstract  from  a  speech  presented  by  poonam  j  prasad,  senior  scientist,  analytical  instrumental  division,  csir  national  environmental  engineering  research  institute  nagpur,  at  the  2019,  held  in  bangalore.  the  institutes  analytical  instrumental  division  focuses  on  rd  on  environmental  sensors  and  internet  of  things.  speaking  on  the  use  of  iot  for  environmental  monitoring,  she  highlighted  the  need  for  iotbased  environmental  sensors  to  conserve  energy,  water  and  other  resources.  if  you  analyse
__label__environmentmonitoring the  data  and  find  that  the  air/water  is  polluted.  how  will  you  purify  it  or  solve  the  problem?  a.if  you  have  the  data,  the  main  game  start  from  there.  you  will  get  the  aqi  air/water  quality  index,  and  once  you  get  that  you  will  get  to  know  which  parameters  are  high  in  that  particular  area.  then  your  systems  can  automatically  adjust  the  level  of,  say  co2.  environmental  sensors  cannoteradicatethepollutants,  but  can  suggest  methods  to  reduce  it.  q.  is  the  air  quality/water  quality  test  methods  also  getting  integrated  into  the  smart  city  projects?  a.  yes,  it  is  one  of  the  parts
__label__environmentmonitoring environmental  monitoring  is  a  wide  application  for  the  internet  of  things.  it  includes  online  monitoring  of  water  levels,  air  pollutant  applications  indoors  and  outdoors,  presumptions  and  any  other  environmental  parameter  affecting  peoples  safety  and  wellbeing.  utilizing  either  fully  coherent  environmental  iot  sensors  or  using  ip  data  loggers  to  prefer  existing  sensors  and  monitoring  sites  to  the  net  enables  simple  and  effective  collection  and  distribution  of  data  and  information.  environmental  monitoring  use  cases:  monitoring  air  for  quality,  carbon  dioxide  and  smokelike  gasses,  carbon  monoxide  in  restricted  areas  and  indoor  ozone  extents.  monitoring  water  for  quality,  pollutants,  thermal  stains,  chemical  leakages,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring presence  of  lead  and  floodwater  levels.  monitoring  soil  for  moisture  and  vibration  levels  in  order  to  observe  and  protect  landslides.  monitoring  forests  and  preserved  land  for  forest  fires.  monitoring  for  natural  disasters  like  earthquake  and  tsunami  cautions.  monitoring  fisheries  for  both  animal  health  and  poaching.  monitoring  data  centers  to  analyze  and  maintaining  air  temperature  and  learn  more  about  iot  training  online:  applications  of  iot  environmental  monitoring:  waste  management:  the  concern  of  waste  management  is  very  essential  l  issue  in  big  cities,  due  to  two  main  reasons;  first,  the  cost  of  service  that  is  being  provided  and  another  one  is  the
__label__environmentmonitoring problem  of  reservation  of  collecting  garbage.  in  order  to  save  and  make  utilization  of  cheap  environmental  benefits,  deeper  insertion  of  data  and  communications  technologies  solutions  in  this  field  will  be  needed.  for  instance,  intelligent  waste  containers  help  to  recognize  the  level  of  load  the  trucks  carry  and  enable  for  an  optimization  of  the  collector  trucks,  which  in  turn  can  minimize  the  cost  of  waste  collection  and  enhance  the  quality  of  recovering.  to  integrate  and  make  efficient  utilization  of  such  smart  waste  management  services,  the  iot  will  attach  these  intelligent  waste  containers,  to  a  control  center  where  optimization  software  will  process
__label__environmentmonitoring the  information  and  control  the  optimal  management  and  way  the  collector  truck  should  follow.  vehicle  tracking:  the  vehicle  tracking  facility  makes  use  of  road  sensors  and  intelligent  display  systems  that  support  drivers  to  search  the  best  track  for  parking  in  the  city.  the  advantages  of  this  service  are  many  such  as  faster  the  car  takes  to  disclose  a  parking  slot  means  minor  co  emission  from  the  car,  lesser  traffic  problems  and  eventually  happier  citizens.  the  iot  infrastructure  can  directly  incorporate  the  vehicle  parking  facility.  furthermore  by  using  communication  technologies,  such  as  near  field  communication  nfc  or  radio  frequency  identifiers  rfid,
__label__environmentmonitoring we  can  understand  the  electronic  confirmation  system  of  parking  and  place  slots  stored  for  residents  or  disabled  persons,  thus  offering  a  better  service  to  residents  that  can  make  utilization  of  those  slots  and  also  as  an  effective  tool  to  recognize  any  breaches  rapidly.  air  and  water  pollution:  recent  monitoring  technology  for  air  and  water  safety  especially  uses  manual  labor  along  with  advanced  instruments  and  lab  processing.  iot  improves  on  this  technology  by  minimizing  the  requirement  for  human  labor,  enabling  frequent  sampling,  improving  the  range  of  sampling  and  monitoring,  empowering  sophisticated  testing  onsite  and  binding  response  efforts  to  detection  systems.  this
__label__environmentmonitoring empowers  us  to  protect  significant  contamination  and  associated  disasters.  extreme  weather  though  strong,  advanced  systems  currently  in  use,  empower  deep  analyzing,  they  are  using  broad  instruments,  such  as  radar  and  satellites,  rather  than  more  granular  solutions.  their  instruments  for  smaller  details  lack  the  same  exact  targeting  of  wellbuilt  technology.  new  iot  advances  assurance  more  finegrained  data,  better  precision  and  plasticity.  efficient  forecasting  needs  high  detail  and  plasticity  in  range,  instrument  type  and  distribution.  this  enables  early  observation  and  early  responses  to  intercept  loss  of  life  and  property.  considerations  while  choosing  network  for  iot  environmental  monitoring:  bluetooth  and  ble  are  frequently
__label__environmentmonitoring not  suited  for  longrange  performance,  which  makes  them  an  imperfect  choice  for  running  environmental  sensors.  wifi  has  longterm  performance  limits  as  well  as  and  the  infrastructure  costs  included  in  setting  up  a  wifi  network  can  be  excessive.  mesh  topologies  such  as  zigbee  wouldnt  perform  for  iot  environmental  monitoring  either,  as  the  sensors  are  not  near  enough  togetherso  gaining  solid  pointtopoint  links  would  show  to  be  very  hard.  and  aside  from  cellular  m2m  networks  being  power  keen,  costly  to  install  and  costly,  they  also  wouldnt  work  in  many  rural  environments  without  cellular  service.  that  leaves  low  power,  widearea  networks  lpwan  as
__label__environmentmonitoring a  perfect  choice  for  iot  environmental  monitoring.  seo  consultant  dev  is  visited  by  over  2  million  software  developers  per  month.  all  are  welcome  to  publish  here  or  simply  read  great  content.  were  a  place  where  coders  share,  stay  uptodate  and  grow  their  careers.  we  strive  for  transparency  and  dont  collect  excess  data.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  article?  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  cloud  technology,  the  smart  revolution  eyasco  has  developed  an  iot  solution  that  pairs  hardware  from  libelium  www.libelium.com  with  eyascos  own  merlin  software  to  provide  a  suite  of  smart  endtoend  monitoring  solutions.  these  vertical  kits  include  sensors,  internet  gateways  and  cloud  server  data  monitoring  and  analysis  in  a  plugandplay  solution  that  can  be  setup  in  minutes.  we  are  excited  to  be  able  to  augment  our  current  line  of  hardened  monitoring  and  control  systems  with  these  smaller  footprint  low  power  systems  that  can  be  deployed  as  pilot  monitoring  systems  or  integrated  into  longerterm  permanent  monitoring  networks.  eyasco  has  extensive  experience  designing
__label__environmentmonitoring and  deploying  water  quality  monitoring  systems  as  well  as  environmental,  structural  and  control  applications.  more  recently,  we  have  expanded  our  product  catalog  to  offer  diy,  plugandplay  kits  intended  for  quick,  lowcost  options  to  monitor  a  number  of  parameters.
__label__environmentmonitoring iot,  blockchain,  ai,  insurance,  fintech,  msp,  big  data,  robotic,  cloud  computing,  technology  improvement  and  optimisation  you  have  everything  in  place  to  start  your  environmental  solution  but  you  struggle  finding  the  right  connectivity  to  match  it?  find  out  what  is  important  when  making  your  decision  and  what  type  of  connection  best  fit  your  application  in  the  free  playbook  building  the  internet  of  environmental  sensors  powered  by  beecham  research.  this  article  introduces  the  benefits  of  enabling  connectivity  as  a  feature  to  your  environment  monitoring  products  and  solutions.  it  recommends  the  special  considerations  to  account  for  when  selecting  a  connectivity  choice  out  of
__label__environmentmonitoring a  range  of  options.  finally,  it  provides  a  check  list  of  questions  to  help  you  make  your  final  connectivity  selection.  just  a  few  minutes  of  your  time,  but  a  giant  leap  for  your  iot  business  growth  environmental  monitoring  covers  a  wide  range  of  applications  for  the  iot.  it  involves  everything  from  air  quality  levels  of  carbon  dioxide,  nitrogen  oxides  and  particulates  in  urban  environment  to  water  quality  and  smoke  detection  when  forest  fires  start.  using  iot  environmental  sensors  for  these  various  applications  can  take  an  otherwise  labourintensive  process  and  make  it  simple  and  efficient.  the  environment  monitoring  value  chain,  from
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  manufacturers  to  solutions  providers  to  applications  service  providers,  can  facilitate  enduser  benefits  by  making  connectivity  a  default  feature  in  their  products  and  solutions.  once  connectivity  is  enabled,  everyone  on  the  value  chain  can  move  closer  to  the  end  customer.  through  resultant  data  about  measurements  of  environmental  metrics,  each  value  chain  participant  including  application  service  providers  can  offer  aftermarket  services  such  as  maintenance,  upgrades,  support  and  consultancy  bundles.  environmental  monitoring  is  a  relatively  underdeveloped  iot  application,  limited  by  the  costs  and  power  constraints  of  the  connectivity  technology.  low  power,  widearea  lpwa  technology  is  perfectly  suited  for  environmental  monitoring,  as  it
__label__environmentmonitoring can  connect  devices  that  need  to  stay  in  the  field  for  many  years  and  send  small  amounts  of  data  over  a  long  range.  some  iot  applications  need  to  transmit  only  tiny  amounts  of  information,  an  example  being  a  sensor  that  sends  data  only  if  it  senses  smoke  in  a  forest.  figure  3  illustrates  the  diversity  of  connectivity  requirements  across  different  types  of  environment  monitoring  deployment  in  different  environments.  transformation  opportunities  for  both  end  customers  in  the  industry  vertical  and  environment  monitoring  applications  stem  from  building  an  internet  of  environmental  sensors.  the  choice  of  which  connectivity  must  therefore  be  made  with
__label__environmentmonitoring a  view  on  cost,  performance  and  benefit.  there  are  a  variety  of  connectivity  options,  from  traditional  cellular  technologies  such  as  2g/3g  and  recent  ones  such  as  lpwa.  there  are  two  groups  of  lpwa  technologies.  those  that  use  unlicensed  spectrum  such  as  sigfox  and  lora  and  those  that  use  licensed  spectrum  that  is  cellularbased  such  as  nbiot  and  ltem.  the  last  are  part  of  the  5g  roadmap  according  to  the  gsm  association,  which  as  a  licensed  and  standardised  technology,  offer  carrier  grade  connectivity  reassurances.  figure  below  applies  the  7  characteristics  of  environment  monitoring  to  4  types  of  common  connectivity  options  and
__label__environmentmonitoring illustrates  that  environment  monitoring  is  best  served  by  nbiot  in  terms  of  cost,  performance  and  expected  benefit.  reading  the  heatmap  vertically,  nbiot  fulfils  environment  monitoring  requirements  that  the  connectivity  is  suited  to  handle  mission  critical  communications,  the  actual  data  transmitted,  in  relative  cost  of  environment  monitoring  solution,  be  used  both  indoors  vs.  outdoors  and  over  and  underground,  communicate  over  long  distances,  to  last  more  than  10  years,  and  to  low  power  consumption.  the  heatmap  can  also  be  read  horizontally.  for  example,  environment  monitoring,  despite  not  being  a  core  operational  process,  has  mission  critical  requirements  in  certain  industry  vertical.  as  such,
__label__environmentmonitoring nbiot,  2g  and  3g  fulfil  this  requirement  by  virtue  of  being  offered  on  a  licensed  spectrum.  1nce  is  the  first  dedicated  tier  1  mvno  providing  fast,  secure  and  reliable  iot  network  connectivity  for  low  data  b2b  applications.  as  a  native  iot  company,  1nce  offers  a  connect  and  forget  connectivity  service  that  is  well  suited  for  environment  monitoring  solution.  this  convenience  gives  sensor  manufacturers,  oems,  solution  providers,  system  integrators  and  application  service  providers  an  easy  addition  to  their  solutions  to  quickly  build  the  needed  revenue  stream  from  their  customers.  1nce  offers  a  predictable  cost  of  connectivity  to  the  value  chain  via
__label__environmentmonitoring its  1nce  lifetime  fee  that  covers  all  relevant  costs  that  occur  within  the  lifespan  of  the  solution;  costs  such  as  sim  card,  data  volume,  monthly  fees,  activation  fees,  roaming  charges  and  licence  fees  for  using  the  connectivity  management  platform  to  manage  and  control  iot  devices.  most  importantly,  1nce  offers  simplicity  in  terms  of  making  the  optimal  connectivity  decision.  it  is  positioned  as  expert  in  low  data  rate  connectivity  for  iot,  with  a  simple  and  compelling  commercial  offer  that  applies  not  only  to  nbiot  but  also  to  2g  and  3g  technologies,  and  which  assists  in  the  transition  from  these  older  technologies
__label__environmentmonitoring to  nbiot  as  required.  environment  monitoring  has  its  unique  characteristics  that  make  the  selection  of  connectivity  skewed  towards  lpwa  networks.  nbiot  is  optimal  in  terms  of  function,  cost  and  benefit,  especially  as  it  is  optimised  to  connect  stationary  or  slowmoving  things  on  reliable  and  secure  licensed  networks.  1nce  recommends  making  these  7  connectivity  characteristics  as  a  checklist  to  guide  you  in  making  the  right  connectivity  decision.  source:  the  articles  on  this  web  site  are  provided  for  informational  purposes  only.  pupuweb.com  does  not  accept  any  responsibility  or  liability  for  the  use  or  misuse  of  the  article  content  on  this  site  or
__label__environmentmonitoring environmental  issues  are  gradually  receiving  attention.  it  has  become  important  to  implement  a  system  that  can  monitor  the  indoor  and  outdoor  environment  and  make  an  alarm  when  some  environmental  parameters  break  through  the  warning  line.using  grove  sensors  will  be  by  the  plug  and  play  way.  for  all  grove  users  especially  beginners,  we  provide  you  guidance  pdf  documents.  please  download  and  read  through  and  before  your  using  of  the  product.  and  check  our  smart  garden  tutorial  to  help  you  quickly  implement  an  environmental  system  at  home.  in  this  tutorial,  we  made  a  smart  garden  sensor  and  reminder  system  by  combining  grove
__label__environmentmonitoring starter  kit  modules.  we  usea  to  monitor  the  surrounding  environment  of  the  plant,  usea  to  detect  the  surrounding  light  intensity.  here  we  list  ,  such  as  detecting  temperature  and  humidity,  carbon  dioxide,  air  quality,  pm2.5,  and  noise  monitoring.  this  sensor  is  a  high  accuracy  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  based  on  the  dht22  module  also  known  as  am2302  or  rht03.  highcost  performance  and  high  precision  make  it  ideal  for  temperature  and  humidity  monitoring  of  arduino  and  raspberry  pi,  you  can  also  use  it  to  make  a  thermometer  and  hygrometer.  compared  with  the  dht11,  this  product  has  higher  precision  and  wider  measurement
__label__environmentmonitoring range,  but  the  usage  and  code  are  almost  the  same.  simply  put,  if  you  need  higher  measurement  accuracy,  this  product  will  be  a  better  choice;  if  you  need  a  higher  price/performance  ratio,  then  may  be  more  appropriate.  the  figure  below  lists  the  main  differences  between  the  two:  based  on  we  made  this  lowcost  and  highprecision  environmental  sensor  the  support  i2c  and  spi.  grove  bme280  provides  a  precise  measurement  of  not  only  barometric  pressure  and  temperature,  but  also  the  humidity  in  the  environment.  the  air  pressure  can  be  measured  in  a  range  from  300  hpa  to  1100hpa  with  1.0  hpa  accuracy,
__label__environmentmonitoring while  the  sensor  works  perfectly  for  temperatures  between  40  and  85  with  an  accuracy  of  1.  as  for  the  humidity,  you  can  get  a  humidity  value  with  an  error  of  less  than  3.  is  a  multiple  function  sensor  which  can  measure  temperature,  pressure,  humidity,  and  gas  at  the  same  time.  it  is  based  on  the  bme680  module.the  4in1  function  is  integrated  with  such  a  small  module,  it  will  be  very  beneficial  to  apply  on  iot  or  gps  devices.  could  be  the  finest  and  highestaccuracy  humidity  sensor  you  can  find,  as  it  can  acquire  the  relative  humidity  at  only  2  error.
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  other  side,  it  also  features  excellent  performance  in  terms  of  temperature  measurement,  you  can  use  it  in  some  extreme  conditions,  like  40  degree  or  125  degrees,  and  it  still  keeps  an  accuracy  of  0.3  degree.  we  also  have  different  air  monitoring  sensors  for  specific  air  such  as  detecting  dust,  and  pm2.5,  air  quality,  carbon  dioxide,  mq2  mq3.  we  recommend  you  refer  to  our  ,  it  will  help  you  choose  the  gas  sensor  that  best  suits  your  needs  depending  on  different  operating  principle  and  field  of  applications.  there  are  a  numerous  use  of  these  gas  sensors.  particularly,  using  these
__label__environmentmonitoring gas  sensors  human  beings  can  be  saved  from  potential  dangers.  hence  the  gas  sensors  play  important  roles  in  various  sectors,  which  include  industry,  medical,  environmental  applications,  and  domestic  applications  for  monitoring  toxic  and  flammable  gases.  also,  if  you  need  to  detect  water  and  soil.  we  also  have  solutions  for  you.  detects  the  presence  of  water  using  exposed  pcb  traces.  the  sensor  is  made  up  of  interlaced  traces  of  ground  and  sensor  signals.  the  sensor  traces  are  weaklypulled  up  using  1  m  resistor.  the  resistor  will  pull  the  sensor  trace  value  high  until  a  drop  of  water  shorts  the  sensor  trace
__label__environmentmonitoring to  the  ground  trace.  this  circuit  will  work  with  digital  i/o  pins  of  arduino  or  you  can  use  it  with  the  analog  pins  to  detect  the  amount  of  water  induced  contact  between  the  grounded  and  sensor  traces.  is  a  soil  moisture  sensor  based  on  capacitance  changes.  compared  with  resistive  sensors,  capacitive  sensors  do  not  require  direct  exposure  of  the  metal  electrodes,  which  can  significantly  reduce  the  erosion  of  the  electrodes.  hence,  we  call  it  .  it  is  important  to  note  that  this  sensor  can  only  qualitatively  test  the  humidity  of  the  soil  and  cannot  measure  quantitatively.  which  means  when  the
__label__environmentmonitoring download  sign  in  buy  now  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  download  sign  in  buy  now  buy  now  on  ubibot  online  store  free  worldwide  shipping  on  orders  over  250  like  a  good  nights  sleep?  choose  the  times  an  alert  is  active  so  you  arent  disturbed.  ubibot  offers  multiple  channels  to  receive  alerts.  from  email  and  voice  to  inapp  notifications  and  sms  messages.  our  alert  service  monitors  your  devices  remotely.  receive  alerts  if  any  metric  goes  outside  the  range  you  set.  we  alert  you  as  soon  as  any  device  goes  offline.  remember  that
__label__environmentmonitoring our  devices  still  record  data  when  offline,  so  you  wont  lose  any  readings.  advanced  alert  options  like  a  good  nights  sleep?  choose  the  times  an  alert  is  active  so  you  arent  disturbed.  multiple  channels  ubibot  offers  multiple  channels  to  receive  alerts.  from  email  and  voice  to  inapp  notifications  and  sms  messages.  a  virtual  guardian  our  alert  service  monitors  your  devices  remotely.  receive  alerts  if  any  metric  goes  outside  the  range  you  set.  online  monitoring  we  alert  you  as  soon  as  any  device  goes  offline.  remember  that  our  devices  still  record  data  when  offline,  so  you  wont  lose  any  readings.  share
__label__environmentmonitoring your  devices  with  colleagues,  friends  or  family.  let  others  help  monitor  whats  happening.  use  the  app  to  view  the  realtime  conditions.  choose  who  to  share  the  measurements  with.  when  sharing  your  device  with  another  person  you  can  also  choose  to  add  them  to  any  alerts  you  have  set  up.  ideal  for  oncall  team  members.  the  ubibot  app  gives  you  a  single  place  to  manage  data  sharing  and  gives  you  a  view  of  who  previously  had  access  to  the  data.  around  the  clock  monitoring  share  your  devices  with  colleagues,  friends  or  family.  let  others  help  monitor  whats  happening.  realtime  observations  use
__label__environmentmonitoring the  app  to  view  the  realtime  conditions.  choose  who  to  share  the  measurements  with.  shared  alerts  when  sharing  your  device  with  another  person  you  can  also  choose  to  add  them  to  any  alerts  you  have  set  up.  ideal  for  oncall  team  members.  manage  data  in  one  place  the  ubibot  app  gives  you  a  single  place  to  manage  data  sharing  and  gives  you  a  view  of  who  previously  had  access  to  the  data.  products  dashboards  business  partners  docs  where  to  buy  company  ws1  ubibot  web  console  volume  pricing  platform  api  ubibot  partners  about  us  ws1  pro  ubibot  space  become  a  distributor
__label__environmentmonitoring qa  aliexpress  store  contact  gs1  ubibot  support  desk  affiliates  privacy  policy  online  store  system  status  accessories  agency  console  terms  of  service  products  ws1  ws1  pro  gs1  accessories  dashboards  ubibot  web  console  ubibot  space  ubibot  support  desk  agency  console  business  partners  volume  pricing  become  a  distributor  affiliates  docs  platform  api  qa  privacy  policy  terms  of  service  where  to  buy  ubibot  partners  aliexpress  store  online  store  company  about  us  contact  system  status
__label__environmentmonitoring the  global  environmental  monitoring  market  size  was  valued  at  usd  14.3  billion  in  2018  registering  a  cagr  of  9.5  from  2019  to  2025.  the  market  is  anticipated  to  witness  significant  growth  over  the  forecast  period  owing  to  rapidly  increasing  consumer  awareness  regarding  rising  pollution  levels  and  stringent  government  regulations  regarding  tracking  and  curbing  pollution.  furthermore,  declining  prices  of  wireless  connectivity  components  and  sensors  is  expected  to  propel  the  widespread  deployment  of  environmental  monitoring  systems  globally.  environmental  monitoring  is  used  for  multiple  industrial  and  government  applications  such  as  detecting  and  tracking  changes  in  temperature,  humidity,  particulate  matter,  biological  and  chemical  air
__label__environmentmonitoring pollutants,  noise  level,  and  water  quality,  among  others.  these  systems  use  multiple  types  of  sensors  to  check  the  abovementioned  attributes  and  inform  and  alert  users  in  case  pollution  levels  increase.  the  process  also  involves  collection  and  measurement  of  pollutants  to  assess  the  status  of  an  environment.  this  helps  users  accurately  understand  the  natural  environment  and  facilitate  development  of  policies  and  measures  to  protect  it  from  any  negative  outcomes  of  human  activity.  emerging  wireless  cellular  and  noncellular  communication  technologies  have  enabled  users  to  deploy  environment  monitoring  systems  in  confined  places,  remote  locations,  and  difficult  to  access  terrain.  this  has  enabled  governments
__label__environmentmonitoring to  effectively  trace  and  track  water  contamination  and  pollution  levels  at  the  source  of  occurrence.  in  addition,  rapidly  rising  pollution  levels  due  to  increased  industrialization  and  urbanization  have  compelled  businesses  and  governments  to  deploy  new  environmental  monitoring  stations.  it  has  also  enabled  companies  to  effectively  check  and  establish  environmental  baseline  standards  and  trends  to  support  the  development  of  policies  and  regulations.  emergence  of  big  data  analytics  has  enabled  companies  and  governments  to  effectively  analyze  large  volumes  of  data  obtained  from  multiple  environment  monitoring  networks.  technological  advancements  in  sensor  technology  and  decline  in  sensor  prices  have  also  emerged  as  a  major
__label__environmentmonitoring factor  driving  the  adoption  of  environmental  monitoring  systems  worldwide.  furthermore,  development  of  iotspecific  cellular  network  connectivity  solutions  such  as  ltem  and  nbiot  and  noncellular  communication  technologies  such  as  sigfox  and  lorawan  is  also  a  major  factor  driving  the  market.  end  users  are  also  focusing  on  upgrading  existing  environmental  monitoring  infrastructure  by  integrating  new  sensors  and  enhanced  connectivity  solutions.  the  market  is  anticipated  to  grow  considerably  over  the  forecast  period  due  to  increase  in  government  initiatives  for  promotion  of  green  and  sustainable  environment.  increasing  publicprivate  funding  for  deployment  of  environmental  monitoring  systems  is  also  expected  to  create  a  substantial  market  over
__label__environmentmonitoring the  forecast  period.  however,  slow  adoption  of  pollution  control  and  monitoring  policies  in  emerging  economies  and  significant  cost  of  these  solutions  is  hindering  market  growth.  based  on  product,  the  market  has  been  fragmented  into  monitors,  software,  and  services.  the  monitors  segment  dominated  the  market  in  2018  owing  to  high  operational  flexibility  and  the  capability  to  effectively  monitor  multiple  environmental  factors  such  as  water  quality,  air  quality,  and  noise  level.  furthermore,  the  segment  is  driven  by  lower  maintenance  cost  and  high  detection  sensitivity.  the  rapidly  growing  demand  for  advanced  portable  and  wearable  ambient  environmental  monitoring  sensors  by  researchers  and  industrial  workers
__label__environmentmonitoring is  also  anticipated  to  boost  segment  growth  over  the  forecast  period.  technological  advancements,  along  with  miniaturization  of  components  and  sensors,  has  propelled  the  adoption  of  environment  monitors  worldwide.  the  services  segment  is  anticipated  to  register  the  highest  cagr  from  2019  to  2025.  growing  demand  for  deployment  of  new  environmental  systems  and  upgradation  of  existing  infrastructure  is  anticipated  to  be  the  key  growth  driver.  rise  in  government  funding  and  inclusion  of  environmental  monitoring  systems  as  part  of  smart  city  initiatives  worldwide  is  also  expected  to  drive  the  segment.  by  way  of  sampling  method,  the  market  has  been  divided  into  active,  continuous,
__label__environmentmonitoring intermittent,  and  passive  monitoring  solutions.  the  continuous  monitoring  segment  led  the  market  in  2018  and  is  also  anticipated  to  exhibit  the  highest  cagr  over  the  forecast  period.  stringent  government  regulations  regarding  deployment  of  continuous  environment  monitoring  systems  as  part  of  the  good  manufacturing  practice  gmp  standards  by  the  world  health  organization  who,  pharmaceutical  inspection  cooperation  scheme  pic/s,  and  the  european  union  eu  gmp  is  expected  to  drive  segment  growth.  furthermore,  there  has  been  growing  demand  for  continuous  monitoring  systems  to  track  rapidly  increasing  pollution  levels  across  major  industrial  and  urban  centers.  companies  are  now  required  to  deploy  environmental  monitoring  systems
__label__environmentmonitoring to  comply  with  stringent  government  regulations  and  policies  regarding  environment  pollution.  over  the  last  decade,  growing  public  awareness  and  emphasis  on  measuring  and  reducing  pollution  to  reduce  health  hazards  has  also  anticipated  contributed  to  market  growth.  increasing  number  of  contamination  cases  in  pharmaceutical  and  specialist  food  industries  is  also  a  key  factor  driving  the  deployment  of  continuous  monitoring  systems  worldwide.  on  the  basis  of  component,  the  environmental  monitoring  market  has  been  categorized  into  temperature,  moisture,  biological,  chemical,  particulate  matter,  and  noise.  the  particulate  matter  segment  held  the  leading  share  in  the  market  in  2018  and  is  also  anticipated  to  emerge
__label__environmentmonitoring as  the  fastest  growing  segment  through  2025.  the  segment  is  majorly  driven  by  rising  levels  of  pm10  and  pm2.5  in  the  air.  increasing  road  traffic  is  considered  a  major  cause  for  emission  of  fine  particulate  matter.  furthermore,  there  has  been  an  increased  need  for  outdoor  air  quality  monitoring  by  governments  to  measure  and  monitor  air  pollution  levels  resulting  from  urbanization  and  industrialization.  this  is  particularly  true  for  emerging  economies  such  as  china,  brazil,  and  india.  developed  countries  constitute  a  major  market  share  due  to  stringent  pollution  control  regulations  and  standards.  for  instance,  the  u.s.  environmental  protection  agency  epa  has  deployed
__label__environmentmonitoring a  nationwide  network  of  monitoring  sites  to  track  ambient  air  quality  trends  for  particulate  matter  pm  concentrations  throughout  the  country.  under  the  clean  air  act,  epa  also  sets  and  reviews  national  air  quality  standards  for  pm.  based  on  application,  the  market  has  been  segmented  into  air  pollution,  water  pollution,  soil  pollution,  and  noise  pollution.  the  air  pollution  segment  accounted  for  the  largest  share  in  the  market  in  2018  and  is  also  anticipated  to  emerge  as  the  fastest  growing  segment  over  the  forecast  period.  rapidly  growing  industrial  and  manufacturing  sectors,  along  with  increasing  number  of  commercial  and  passenger  vehicles,  are  anticipated
__label__environmentmonitoring to  emerge  as  key  segment  growth  drivers.  furthermore,  stringent  government  regulations  regarding  air  pollution  monitoring  and  control  and  growing  adoption  of  air  quality  monitoring  solutions  by  large  organizations  and  small  and  mediumsized  enterprises  smes  are  anticipated  to  drive  the  market  over  the  forecast  period.  the  water  pollution  segment  is  anticipated  to  witness  significant  growth  over  the  forecast  period.  there  has  been  increasing  demand  for  deployment  of  water  pollution  monitoring  systems  to  analyze  the  quality  of  water  in  natural  water  bodies.  governments  are  also  deploying  water  quality  monitoring  systems  to  detect  and  measure  pollutants  in  surface  and  ground  water  worldwide  due
__label__environmentmonitoring to  release  of  city  and  industrial  waste  in  waterbodies.  these  systems  have  also  enabled  governments  to  determine  the  impact  of  water  pollution  on  human  health  and  to  develop  effective  pollution  control  strategies.  based  on  end  use,  the  market  has  been  segmented  into  government,  corporate,  energy  and  utilities,  healthcare,  agriculture,  and  others.  the  corporate  segment  dominated  the  market  in  2018  and  is  also  expected  to  emerge  as  the  fastest  growing  segment  over  the  forecast  period.  increasing  adoption  of  indoor  environment  monitoring  systems  by  manufacturing,  healthcare,  and  chemical  industries  worldwide  to  comply  with  stringent  manufacturing  standards  and  provide  safe  working  conditions  for
__label__environmentmonitoring employees  is  anticipated  to  drive  the  segment.  companies  are  also  deploying  environmental  monitoring  systems  to  actively  monitor  and  report  emission  data  as  part  of  stringent  pollution  control  regulations.  the  deployment  of  environmental  monitoring  systems  is  anticipated  to  witness  significant  growth  by  various  governments  over  the  forecast  period  owing  to  issues  such  as  global  warming  and  climate  change.  there  is  also  a  growing  demand  for  proactive  implementation  of  environmental  monitoring  systems  for  establishing  transparent  mechanisms  to  promote  a  clean  environment.  apart  from  global  initiatives,  some  countries  have  also  set  up  independent  agencies  and  departments  for  environmental  monitoring  and  pollution  control.  for
__label__environmentmonitoring instance,  the  united  nations  has  setup  the  intergovernmental  panel  on  climate  change  ipcc,  a  global  body  for  assessing  the  impact  of  climate  change.  north  america  dominated  the  global  market  in  2018.  stringent  pollution  monitoring  and  control  regulations  by  the  u.s.  epa  and  rising  concerns  regarding  global  warming  and  environmental  pollution  are  expected  to  drive  the  regional  market.  furthermore,  strong  corporate  internal  policies  regarding  safe  working  conditions  and  pollution  monitoring,  along  with  steady  availability  of  financial  resources,  is  anticipated  to  drive  the  deployment  of  environmental  monitoring  systems  in  north  america.  the  high  number  of  smart  city  initiatives  and  presence  of  several
__label__environmentmonitoring developed  industrial  manufacturing  clusters  are  also  anticipated  to  drive  the  deployment  of  environmental  monitoring  systems  in  the  region.  asia  pacific  is  projected  to  emerge  as  the  fastestgrowing  regional  market  owing  to  increasing  focus  by  countries  on  deploying  environmental  monitoring  systems  to  improve  living  conditions  and  control  and  reduce  pollution  levels.  over  the  last  few  years,  countries  in  asia  pacific  have  been  increasingly  focusing  on  reducing  pollution  levels  as  part  of  global  climate  change  initiatives.  deployment  of  air  quality  monitoring  systems  as  part  of  smart  city  initiatives  in  asia  pacific  is  expected  to  emerge  as  a  major  growth  driver.  furthermore,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring deployment  and  expansion  of  pollution  monitoring  systems  by  smes  in  the  manufacturing  sector  across  emerging  economies  such  as  china  and  india  are  anticipated  to  drive  the  market  over  the  forecast  period.  key  industry  players  operating  in  the  market  include  3m;  agilent  technologies;  danaher  corporation;  emerson  electric;  general  electric  company;  honeywell  international  inc.;  horiba,  ltd.;  siemens;  teledyne  technologies  inc.;  and  thermo  fisher  scientific,  inc..  these  market  players  are  focusing  on  developing  costeffective  fixed  and  portable  environmental  monitoring  systems  for  multiple  government  and  commercial  applications.  for  instance,  in  2018,  agilent  technologies  partnered  with  the  nanyang  environment  and  water  research  institute  newri,  a
__label__environmentmonitoring part  of  nanyang  technological  university  singapore,  to  develop  an  approach  for  water  quality  testing  and  monitoring.  some  manufacturers  are  focusing  on  acquisitions  to  develop  advanced  and  innovative  environmental  monitoring  solutions.  for  instance,  in  2017,  thermo  fisher  scientific,  inc.  acquired  a  few  assets  of  eptek  technology  co.  ltd.  the  acquired  assets  include  volatile  organic  compound  voc  continuous  emission  monitoring  systems  cems  used  for  measuring  and  analyzing  air  quality  across  multiple  industrial  applications.  thermo  fisher  scientific,  inc.  integrated  the  acquired  technologies  in  its  instruments  segment.  base  year  for  estimation  2018  actual  estimates/historical  data  2014  2017  forecast  period  2019  2025  market  representation  revenue
__label__environmentmonitoring in  usd  million,  and  cagr  from  2019  to  2025  regional  scope  north  america,  europe,  asia  pacific,  latin  america,  and  mea  country  scope  u.s.,  canada,  u.k.,  germany,  india,  japan,  china,  and  brazil  report  coverage  revenue  forecast,  company  ranking,  competitive  landscape,  growth  factors,  and  trends  15  free  customization  scope  equivalent  to  5  analyst  working  days  if  you  need  specific  information  that  is  not  currently  within  the  scope  of  the  report,  we  will  provide  it  to  you  as  a  part  of  the  customization.  this  report  forecasts  revenue  growth  at  global,  regional,  and  country  levels  and  provides  an  analysis  of  the  latest  industry  trends
__label__environmentmonitoring in  each  of  the  subsegments  from  2014  to  2025.  for  the  purpose  of  this  study,  grand  view  research  has  segmented  the  global  environmental  monitoring  market  report  based  on  product,  sampling  method,  component,  application,  end  use,  and  region:  monitors  indoor  outdoor  portable  software  services  active  continuous  intermittent  passive  temperature  moisture  biological  chemical  particulate  matter  noise  air  pollution  water  pollution  soil  pollution  noise  pollution  government  corporate  energy  utilities  healthcare  agriculture  others  north  america  u.s.  canada  europe  u.k.  germany  asia  pacific  china  india  japan  latin  america  brazil  middle  east  africa  we  never  share  your  personal  data.  avail  customized  purchase  options  to  meet  your
__label__environmentmonitoring exact  research  needs:  get  your  queries  resolved  from  an  industry  expert.  design  an  exclusive  study  to  serve  your  research  needs.  a  testimonial  for  service  in  the  form  of  bbb  a  accreditation.  your  personal  and  confidential  information  is  safe  and  secure.  the  quality  of  research  they  have  done  for  us  has  been  excellent...  more  we  value  your  investment  and  offer  free  customization  with  every  report  to  fulfil  your  exact  research  needs.  free  trial  phone:  14153490058  toll  free:  18882029519  email:  phone:  912067491414  sales  email:  phone:  442033183840  email:  phone:  5078322412  email:  phone:  27875502311  email:  free  trial  free  trial  free  trial  grand  view  research
__label__environmentmonitoring is  registered  in  the  state  of  california  at  grand  view  research,  inc.  201  spear  street  1100,  san  francisco,  ca  94105,  united  states  or  our  support  available  to  help  you  24  hours  a  day,  five  days  a  week.  copyright  2019  grand  view  research,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring 2,584  14  2  featured  this  instructable  describes  a  lowercost,  batterypowered  wireless  iot  sensor  layer  for  my  earlier  instructable:  .  if  you  havent  already  viewed  this  earlier  instructable,  i  recommend  reading  the  introduction  for  an  overview  of  the  capabilities  of  the  system  which  are  now  extended  to  this  new  sensor  layer.  the  original  lora  iot  home  environmental  monitoring  system  achieved  the  objectives  i  had  set  out  when  it  was  published  in  april  2017.  however,  after  using  the  monitoring  system  for  a  number  of  months  to  monitor  temperature  humidity  on  each  floor  of  the  house,  i  wanted  to  add  11  more  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring at  particularly  vulnerable  locations  in  the  house;  including,  six  sensors  strategically  placed  in  the  basement,  sensors  in  each  bathroom,  and  a  sensor  in  the  attic,  laundry,  and  kitchen.  rather  than  add  more  lora  based  sensors  from  the  earlier  instructable  which  are  somewhat  expensive  and  powered  via  ac  adapters,  i  decided  to  add  a  layer  of  lower  cost,  battery  operated  sensors  using  434mhz  rf  link  transmitters.  to  maintain  compatibility  with  the  existing  lora  iot  home  environmental  monitoring  system,  i  added  a  wireless  bridge  to  receive  the  434mhz  packets  and  retransmit  them  as  lora  packets  at  915mhz.  the  new  sensor  layer  consists
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  following  subsystems:  the  434mhz  wireless  remotes  use  lower  transmit  power  and  less  robust  protocols  compared  with  lora  radios,  so  the  wireless  bridge  location  in  the  house  is  chosen  to  ensure  reliable  communication  with  all  434mhz  wireless  remotes.  using  the  wireless  bridge  allows  communication  with  the  434mhz  wireless  remotes  to  be  optimized  without  placing  any  constraint  on  where  the  lora  iot  gateway  is  located.  the  434mhz  wireless  remotes  and  wireless  bridge  are  built  using  readily  available  hardware  modules  and  a  few  individual  components.  the  parts  can  be  obtained  from  ,  ,  and  ;  in  many  cases,  adafruit  and  sparkfun
__label__environmentmonitoring parts  are  also  available  from  digikey.  competent  soldering  skills  are  needed  to  assemble  the  hardware,  in  particular,  the  pointtopoint  wiring  of  the  434mhz  wireless  remotes.  the  arduino  code  is  well  commented  for  understanding  and  to  enable  easy  extension  of  functionality.  the  objectives  for  this  project  included  the  following:  the  total  parts  cost  for  the  434mhz  wireless  remotes,  excluding  the  3xaa  batteries,  is  25,  of  which  the  sht31d  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  accounts  for  more  than  half  14.  as  with  the  lora  remotes  from  my  earlier  instructable,  the  434mhz  wireless  remotes  take  temperature  and  humidity  readings,  and  report  to  the  lora
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  gateway,  via  the  wireless  bridge,  every  10  minutes.  the  eleven  434mhz  wireless  remotes  were  put  into  operation  in  december  2017  using  3  x  aa  batteries  nominally  providing  4.5v.  the  battery  readings  from  the  eleven  sensors  in  december  2017  ranged  from  4.57v  to  4.71v,  sixteen  months  later  in  may  2019  the  battery  readings  range  from  4.36v  to  4.55v.  the  use  of  parts  with  a  wide  operating  voltage  range  should  ensure  operation  of  the  sensors  for  another  year  or  more,  subject  to  maintaining  rf  link  reliability  as  transmit  power  is  reduced  with  lower  battery  voltages.  the  reliability  of  the  434mhz  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring layer  has  been  excellent  in  my  household  environment.  the  new  sensor  layer  is  deployed  across  4,200  sqft  of  finished  space  and  1,800  sqft  of  unfinished  basement  space.  sensors  are  separated  from  the  wireless  bridge  by  a  combination  of  2  3  interior  walls  and  floor/ceilings.  the  lora  iot  gateway  from  my  earlier  instructable  sends  an  sms  alert  if  communication  is  lost  with  a  sensor  for  more  than  60  minutes  6  missed  ten  minute  reports.  one  sensor,  on  the  floor  in  a  corner  at  the  far  end  of  the  basement  behind  stacked  boxes,  will  cause  a  lost  contact  alert  every  now  and
__label__environmentmonitoring then,  however,  in  all  cases  communication  with  the  sensor  reestablishes  without  any  intervention.  thank  you  for  visiting  this  instructable,  and  please  see  the  following  steps  for  further  information.  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  the  design  for  the  434mhz  wireless  remote  uses  the  following  parts:  one  of  the  early  design  decisions  was  to  avoid  devices  that  require  regulated  3.3v  or  5v,  and  select  parts  that  operate  over  a  wide  voltage  range.  this  eliminates  the  need  for  voltage  regulators  which  are  power  wasters  in  a
__label__environmentmonitoring battery  operated  design,  and  extends  operating  life  of  the  sensors  as  they  will  continue  to  function  longer  as  battery  voltage  declines  over  time.  the  operating  voltage  ranges  for  the  parts  chosen  are  as  follows:  allowing  for  some  margin,  the  434mhz  wireless  remotes  should  functionally  operate  down  to  a  battery  voltage  of  3v.  as  already  noted,  it  just  remains  to  be  seen  how  well  rf  link  reliability  is  maintained  as  transmit  power  is  reduced  with  lower  battery  voltages.  the  decision  was  made  to  use  3  x  aa  batteries  to  provide  a  nominal  starting  voltage  of  4.5v.  after  16  months  of  operation,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  lowest  battery  voltage  measured  is  4.36v.  the  attiny85  watch  dog  timer  wdt  is  used  to  keep  the  434mhz  wireless  remote  in  a  sleep  mode  for  most  of  the  time.  the  attiny85  is  woken  up  by  the  wdt  every  8  seconds  to  increment  a  10  minute  counter;  upon  reaching  a  10  minute  interval,  a  measurement  is  taken  and  a  data  packet  transmitted.  to  further  minimize  power  consumption,  the  sht31d  and  rf  link  transmitter  are  powered  from  a  digital  i/o  port  pin  on  the  attiny85  configured  as  an  output.  power  is  applied  when  the  i/o  pin  is  driven  high  1,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring removed  when  the  i/o  pin  is  driven  low  0.  through  software,  power  is  only  applied  to  these  peripherals  every  10  minutes  for  1  2  seconds  while  measurements  are  being  taken  and  transmitted.  refer  to  434mhz  wireless  remote  software  for  description  of  the  related  software.  the  only  other  component  used  in  the  434mhz  wireless  remote  is  a  10k  ohm  resistor  used  to  pull  up  the  reset  pin  on  the  attiny85.  an  early  design  used  a  resistive  voltage  divider  across  the  battery  to  enable  an  adc  pin  on  the  attiny85  to  measure  battery  voltage.  although  small,  this  voltage  divider  placed  a  constant
__label__environmentmonitoring load  on  the  battery.  some  research  turned  up  a  that  uses  the  attiny85  internal  1.1v  band  gap  reference  voltage  to  measure  vcc  battery  voltage.  by  setting  the  adc  reference  voltage  to  vcc  and  taking  a  measurement  of  the  internal  1.1v  reference  voltage,  it  is  possible  to  solve  for  vcc.  the  attiny85  internal  1.1v  reference  voltage  is  constant  as  long  as  vcc  3v.  refer  to  434mhz  wireless  remote  software  for  description  of  the  related  software.  communication  between  the  attiny85  and  sht31d  is  via  i2c  bus.  the  adafruit  sht31d  breakout  board  includes  pullup  resistors  for  the  i2c  bus.  communication  between  the  attiny85
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  rf  link  transmitter  is  via  a  digital  i/o  pin  configured  as  an  output.  the  radiohead  packet  radio  library  rhask  is  used  to  onoff  key  ook  /  ask  the  rf  link  transmitter  via  this  digital  i/o  pin.  parts  list:  1  x  adafruit  1/4  sized  breadboard,  digikey  pn  15281101nd  1  x  battery  holder  3  x  aa  cells,  digikey  pn  bc3aawnd  1  x  adafruit  sensiron  sht31d  breakout  board,  digikey  pn  15281540nd  1  x  sparkfun  rf  link  transmitter  434mhz,  digikey  pn  15681175nd  1  x  attiny85  microcontroller,  digikey  pn  attiny8520pund  1  x  8pin  dip  socket,  digikey  pn  ae10011nd  1  x  10k  ohm,  1/8w
__label__environmentmonitoring resistor,  digikey  pn  cf18jt10k0ctnd  6.75  /  17cm  length  of  18awg  enameled  copper  wire  1  x  piece  doublesided  foam  tape  18  /  45cm  wire  wrapping  wire  a  socket  is  used  for  the  attiny85  as  incircuit  programming  is  not  supported.  the  sht31d  breakout  board,  rf  link  transmitter,  8pin  dip  socket,  and  antenna  wire  are  soldered  on  the  breadboard  as  shown  in  the  photo  above.  remove  the  enamel  from  1/4  of  the  18awg  antenna  wire  before  soldering  to  the  breadboard.  the  10k  ohm  resistor  is  soldered  on  the  breadboard  between  pins  1  and  8  of  the  8pin  dip  socket.  the  wire  wrapping  wire
__label__environmentmonitoring is  soldered  on  the  backside  of  the  breadboard  to  make  the  links  between  components  in  accordance  with  the  wireless  remote  schematic  diagram  shown  in  the  previous  step.  the  positive  and  negative  leads  from  the  battery  holder  are  soldered  to  one  set  of  and  buses,  respectively,  on  the  breadboard.  434mhz  wireless  remote  is  tested  with  the  wireless  bridge  and  lora  iot  gateway.  the  434mhz  wireless  remote  will  immediately  send  a  packet  each  time  the  batteries  are  inserted,  and  every  10  minutes  thereafter.  upon  receiving  a  wireless  packet  from  the  434mhz  sensor  layer,  the  green  led  on  the  wireless  bridge  flashes  for
__label__environmentmonitoring 0.5s.  the  station  name,  temperature,  and  humidity  should  be  displayed  by  lora  iot  gateway  if  the  434mhz  wireless  remote  station  number  has  been  provisioned  in  the  gateway.  once  the  wireless  remote  is  tested  okay  with  a  programmed  attiny85,  a  piece  of  the  doublesided  foam  tape,  cut  to  the  same  size  as  the  breadboard,  is  used  to  attach  the  completed  breadboard  to  the  battery  holder.  the  434mhz  wireless  remote  software  is  attached  with  this  step  and  is  well  commented.  i  programmed  the  attiny85  microcontrollers  using  a  sparkfun  and  the  arduino  ide.  sparkfun  has  an  extensive  on  how  to  set  up  drivers
__label__environmentmonitoring etc.  and  how  to  get  the  programmer  working  with  the  arduino  ide.  i  added  a  zif  zero  insertion  force  socket  to  the  tiny  avr  programmer  to  make  it  easy  to  add  and  remove  chips  from  the  programmer.  parts  list:  1  x  arduino  uno  r3,  digikey  pn  10501024nd  1  x  adafruit  proto  shield  arduino  stack  v.r3,  digikey  pn  15281207nd  1  x  adafruit  rfm9w  lora  radio  transceiver  board  915mhz,  digikey  pn  15281667nd  1  x  sparkfun  rf  link  receiver  434mhz,  digikey  pn  15681173nd  1  x  8pin  dip  socket,  digikey  pn  ae10011nd  6.75  /  17cm  length  of  18awg  enameled  copper  wire  3.25  /  8.5cm
__label__environmentmonitoring length  of  18awg  enameled  copper  wire  24  /  61cm  wire  wrapping  wire  1  x  usb  cable  a  /  microb,  3  ft,  adafruit  pid  592  1  x  5v  1a  usb  port  power  supply,  adafruit  pid  501  assemble  the  prototyping  shield  according  to  the  instructions  on  .  assemble  the  rfm95w  lora  transceiver  board  according  to  the  instructions  on  .  the  3.25  /  8.5cm  length  of  18awg  wire  is  used  for  the  antenna,  and  is  soldered  directly  to  the  transceiver  board  after  stripping  1/4  of  enamel  from  the  wire.  carefully  cut  the  8pin  dip  socket  in  half  lengthways  to  create  two  sets  of
__label__environmentmonitoring 4pin  sip  sockets.  solder  the  two  4pin  sip  sockets  to  the  prototyping  shield  as  shown.  these  will  be  used  to  plug  in  the  rf  link  receiver,  so  make  sure  they  are  in  the  right  holes  to  match  up  with  the  rf  link  transmitter  before  soldering.  solder  the  rfm9w  lora  transceiver  board  to  the  prototyping  shield  as  shown.  the  following  connections  are  made  between  the  arduino  uno  and  the  rfm9w  transceiver  board  using  wire  wrapping  wire  on  the  top  side  of  the  prototyping  board:  rfm9w  g0  arduino  digital  i/o  pin  2,  radiohead  library  uses  interrupt  0  on  this  pin  rfm9w  sck
__label__environmentmonitoring arduino  icsp  header,  pin  3  rfm9w  miso  arduino  icsp  header,  pin  1  rfm9w  mosi  arduino  icsp  header,  pin  4  rfm9w  cs  arduino  digital  i/o  pin  8  rfm9w  rst  arduino  digital  i/o  pin  9  the  following  connections  are  made  on  the  bottom  side  of  the  prototyping  board:  rfm9w  vin  prototyping  board  5v  bus  rfm9w  gnd  prototyping  board  ground  gnd  bus  rf  link  rx  pin  1  gnd  prototyping  board  ground  gnd  bus  rf  link  rx  pin  2  data  out  arduino  digital  i/o  pin  6  rf  link  rx  pin  2  vcc  prototyping  board  5v  bus  proto  board  green  led  arduino  digital  i/o  pin
__label__environmentmonitoring 7  pin  information  for  the  rf  link  receiver  is  available  at  .  strip  the  enamel  from  1/4  of  the  6.75  length  of  18awg  wire  and  insert  it  into  the  prototyping  board  hole  immediately  adjacent  to  rf  link  rx  pin  8  antenna.  once  inserted  into  the  hole,  bend  the  stripped  end  over  so  it  makes  contact  with  rf  link  rx  pin  8  and  solder  it  in  place.  program  the  arduino  uno  with  the  sketch  provided  in  the  next  step.  upon  reset  or  power  up,  the  green  led  will  flash  twice  for  0.5s.  upon  receiving  a  wireless  packet  from  the  434mhz  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring layer,  the  green  led  flashes  for  0.5s.  the  wireless  bridge  software  is  attached  with  this  step  and  is  well  commented.  participated  in  the  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,593  enrolled  6  months  ago  couldnt  you  do  the  same  thing  with  an  esp8266  and  a  humidity/temperature  sensor?  answer  6  months  ago  i  would  need  to  see  the  complete  remote  unit  in  order  to  comment.  in  any  case,  i  ruled  out  wifi  for  battery  operated  sensor  network.  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  internet  of  things  platforms  for  smart  cities  are  technologically  complex  and  deploying  them  at  large  scale  involves  high  costs  and  risks.  therefore,  pilot  schemes  that  allow  validating  proof  of  concepts,  experimenting  with  different  technologies  and  services,  and  finetuning  them  before  migrating  them  to  actual  scenarios,  are  especially  important  in  this  context.  the  iot  platform  deployed  across  the  engineering  schools  of  the  universidad  politcnica  de  madrid  in  the  moncloa  campus  of  international  excellence  represents  a  good  example  of  a  test  bench  for  experimentation  with  smart  city  services.  this  paper  presents  the  main  features
__label__environmentmonitoring of  this  platform,  putting  special  emphasis  on  the  technological  challenges  faced  and  on  the  solutions  adopted,  as  well  as  on  the  functionality,  services  and  potential  that  the  platform  offers.  in  the  context  of  a  globally  accelerated  urbanism  process,  the  sustainable  development  of  cities  has  become  one  of  the  major  challenges  of  society  nowadays.  as  a  result,  during  the  last  years  many  initiatives  and  projects  have  been  launched  under  the  new  paradigm  of  the  socalled  smart  cities.  the  main  goal  of  smart  cities  is  indeed  to  make  cities  a  better  place  to  live  now  and  in  the  long  run,  place  the
__label__environmentmonitoring citizens  at  the  center.  in  order  to  achieve  this  goal,  smart  cities  rely  on  the  internet  of  things  iot  paradigm,  so  information  and  communication  technology  ict  is  intensively  applied  to  all  the  areas  related  to  citizens  welfare,  such  as  transport  and  mobility,  healthcare,  energy  or  the  environment  ,  .  this  intensive  use  of  ict  encompasses  from  the  massive  deployment  of  all  types  of  sensors  and  actuators  and  machinetomachine  m2m  communications  infrastructures,  to  the  processing  of  the  huge  amount  of  gathered  data  to  provide  valueadded  services  and  applications,  as  illustrates.  overview  of  the  core  technologies  and  main  application  areas  covered  under
__label__environmentmonitoring the  smart  city  paradigm.  in  order  to  promote  multidisciplinary  research,  development  and  innovation  activities  related  to  smart  cities,  in  2013  universidad  politcnica  de  madrid  upm  launched  the  upm  city  of  the  future  initiative  .  one  of  the  main  projects  within  this  initiative  was  the  design,  development  and  deployment  of  an  iotbased  platform  which  allowed  for  the  experimentation  and  evaluation  of  smart  city  services  in  the  moncloa  campus  of  international  excellence  cei  moncloa  .  shows  a  map  of  the  cei  moncloa.  this  campus  presents  some  specific  features  that  make  it  especially  appropriate  as  a  test  bench  for  smart  city  services.  unlike
__label__environmentmonitoring other  university  campuses  which  are  in  the  outskirts  of  cities,  cei  moncloa  is  integrated  in  the  metropolitan  area  of  madrid,  the  capital  city  of  spain.  the  campus  covers  an  area  of  5.5  km  and  comprises  144  buildings,  including  schools,  research  centers,  student  residences,  and  sport  premises.  the  daily  flow  in  the  campus  goes  up  to  120,000  people  and  the  daily  road  traffic  accounts  for  thousands  of  vehicles,  most  of  which  do  not  stay  in  the  campus  but  just  cross  it.  in  addition,  the  campus  has  a  significant  public  transport  infrastructure,  including  two  underground  lines  and  13  bus  lines.  location  of
__label__environmentmonitoring moncloa  cei  campus  in  madrid.  being  an  eminently  university  area,  the  industrial  and  commercial  activity  on  the  campus  is  very  low.  as  a  result,  this  allows  performing  experiments  that  would  be  very  difficult  to  put  into  practice  in  other  areas  of  the  city  without  causing  major  inconveniences  to  the  citizens.  thus,  it  is  possible  to  set  up,  test  and  fine  tune  smart  parking  or  smart  lighting  pilot  schemes  before  deploying  them  in  operational  environments.  likewise,  the  fact  that  it  is  not  a  residential  neighborhood  facilitates  the  deployment  of  the  required  infrastructure  during  the  nights  or  the  weekends.  the  main  goal
__label__environmentmonitoring of  this  paper  is  to  present  the  iotbased  platform  deployed  in  the  cei  moncloa  campus,  putting  special  emphasis  on  the  main  technological  challenges  that  were  faced  and  on  the  solutions  that  were  adopted,  as  well  as  on  the  functionality,  services  and  potential  that  the  platform  offers.  the  paper  is  structured  as  follows:  first  presents  an  overview  of  the  system  architecture  and  then  describes  the  design  and  implementation  details  of  each  of  the  subsystems  which  compose  the  platform,  comparing  them  with  related  work  available  in  the  state  of  the  art  when  appropriate.  goes  through  some  of  the  most  relevant  information  provided
__label__environmentmonitoring as  figures  or  graphs  by  the  platform  in  order  to  facilitate  visual  analytics.  presents  three  selected  use  cases  which  illustrate  the  potential  of  the  platform.  discusses  some  key  issues  of  iot  platforms  for  smart  cities  and  how  the  iotbased  platform  smart  cei  moncloa  contributes  to  them.  finally,  summarizes  the  main  contributions  of  the  paper  and  draws  conclusions.  as  it  has  been  mentioned  in  ,  the  main  goal  of  the  iotbased  platform  smart  cei  moncloa  is  to  facilitate  the  experimentation  in  the  area  of  smart  cities,  allowing  us  to  carry  out  studies  and  prove  concepts  which  can  be  later  put  into
__label__environmentmonitoring practice  in  actual  cities  with  guarantees  of  success.  therefore,  the  initial  idea  was  to  deploy  a  platform  which  incorporated  the  ict  infrastructure  required  to  provide  a  set  of  basic  services,  along  with  a  sensor  network  which  allowed  demonstrating  the  capacity  and  scalability  of  the  adopted  solution.  thus,  the  platform  needed  to  meet  the  following  main  requirements:  1  it  should  be  low  cost  and  scalable;  and  2  it  should  be  based  on  standardized  and  open  solutions  which  enable  incorporating  new  services  to  the  platform  seamlessly.  as  a  result,  the  platform  smart  cei  moncloa  is  based  on  an  open  architecture,  aligned  with
__label__environmentmonitoring the  most  recent  standards  within  the  scope  of  the  future  internet  and  web  engineering,  which  facilitates  adding  new  functionalities  and  services  by  either  upm  research  groups  or  other  companies  or  interested  entities.  shows  an  overview  of  the  system  architecture  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa,  highlighting  the  sensing  layer,  the  networking  and  data  communications  layer,  and  the  applications  or  service  layer,  as  defined  by  the  ieee  p2413  ,  and  other  related  work  available  in  the  literature  .  this  three  layers  are  also  aligned  with  the  three  domains  defined  in  the  etsi  m2m  reference  architecture  later  transferred  to  onem2m  ,  namely  the
__label__environmentmonitoring device  domain,  the  network  domain,  and  the  application  domain  .  overview  of  the  system  architecture  and  main  layers  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa.  the  sensing  layer  is  composed  by  a  set  of  sensors  and  eventually  also  actuators  that  are  geographically  distributed  across  the  campus.  these  devices  are  responsible  for  measuring  the  parameters  of  interest  to  the  services  that  are  delivered  or  the  experiments  that  are  carried  out  on  top  of  the  platform.  shows  some  examples  of  sensor  networks  related  to  services  that  can  potentially  be  tested  and  delivered  in  smart  cei  moncloa,  such  as  building  energy  monitoring,  environmental  monitoring,  traffic
__label__environmentmonitoring and  people  flow  monitoring,  or  control  of  city  services  e.g.,  parking,  lighting,  watering.  the  networking  and  data  communications  layer  represents  the  core  ipbased  communications  infrastructure  which  enables  the  secure  data  exchange  between  the  sensing  layer  and  the  application  layer.  this  layer  makes  the  most  out  of  the  wireless  and  wired  communications  infrastructure  available  in  the  campus,  as  it  will  be  described  in  .  the  application  layer  is  where  the  service  logic  and  algorithms  reside.  it  is  composed  of  the  storage  servers,  the  service  platform,  and  the  dashboard.  the  storage  servers  are  responsible  for  the  massive  storage  of  the  data  generated
__label__environmentmonitoring by  the  sensors  and  for  providing  access  to  such  data  to  the  applications  that  require  so.  they  provide  big  data  capabilities  for  handling  high  volumes  of  data,  as  well  as  open  data  format  support  for  third  party  applications.  the  service  platform  is  responsible  for  executing  the  applications  based  on  soa  serviceoriented  architecture.  the  dashboard  is  accessible  via  web,  which  allows  ubiquitous  access  to  the  control  and  visualization  data  of  the  platform.  in  addition,  there  is  a  demo  room  located  in  the  telecommunications  engineering  school  and  equipped  with  big  screens  which  allows  for  showing  the  platform  capabilities  to  students,  researchers  or
__label__environmentmonitoring other  interested  parties.  regarding  the  services,  smart  cei  moncloa  includes  a  set  of  initial  services  with  the  idea  of  progressively  including  new  ones  through  its  life  cycle.  the  initial  pilot  services  are:  people  flow  monitoring,  which  allows  counting  people  and  associated  applications,  such  as  movement  pattern  analysis,  places  with  higher  transit  of  people,  stay  time  in  relevant  places,  etc.  environmental  monitoring,  which  allows  analyzing  several  environmental  parameters,  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  light,  noise  level  or  air  composition,  both  indoors  and  outdoors.  as  shows,  each  of  these  pilot  services  have  an  associated  sensor  network.  next,  these  sensor  networks  are  described  in
__label__environmentmonitoring detail,  together  with  the  rest  of  subsystems  of  the  platform.  people  flow  monitoring  represents  a  topic  of  especial  interest  with  a  wide  range  of  applications,  which  spans  from  crowd  monitoring  in  events  such  as  demonstrations  or  concerts,  to  user  monitoring  in  public  transport  infrastructures  such  as  undergrounds  or  airports,  or  client  monitoring  in  the  retail  sector.  there  are  different  ways  to  approach  this  issue.  for  instance,  it  can  be  performed  based  on  video  analysis  .  although  this  is  a  quite  appropriate  approach  to  detect  crowds,  it  is  not  so  appropriate  for  a  more  finelytuned  detection.  in  addition,  this  kind  of
__label__environmentmonitoring solutions  required  the  deployment  of  videocameras  and  the  processing  of  the  recorded  video  on  the  fly.  the  ubiquity  of  mobile  phones  invites  to  consider  solutions  based  on  them.  thus,  there  are  proposals  in  the  state  of  the  art  that  use  the  global  positioning  system  gps  receiver  of  the  phone  for  this  purpose  .  however,  this  kind  of  solutions  present  problems  in  indoor  environments.  passive  monitoring  of  wifi  devices  represents  a  very  low  cost  solution  for  people  flow  monitoring  that  does  work  both  indoors  and  outdoors  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  this  approach  is  based  on  monitoring  the  wifi
__label__environmentmonitoring radio  frames,  which  include  the  medium  access  control  mac  addresses  that  univocally  identify  each  device  worldwide.  due  to  the  fact  that  nowadays  almost  everybody  carries  a  smart  phone  that  uses  wifi,  it  allows  obtaining  a  reasonable  estimation  of  the  number  of  people  in  the  surroundings  of  the  listening  device.  it  is  worthwhile  to  mention  that  the  wifi  devices  do  not  only  transmit  when  they  are  connected  to  an  access  point  ap,  but  also  when  they  are  not,  sporadically  sending  probe  frames  in  order  to  find  out  if  there  are  known  aps  e.g.,  home  in  the  vicinity.  the  fact  that  the
__label__environmentmonitoring mac  address  is  unique  allows  for  establishing  time  correlations  to  compute  parameters  of  interest,  such  as  the  average  stay  time  of  a  smart  phone  in  a  given  place.  by  using  different  listening  devices,  it  is  also  possible  to  establish  spatial  correlations  to  determine,  for  instance,  the  path  followed  by  the  smartphones  in  a  mall  or  underground  network.  nevertheless,  the  wifi  tracking  also  has  drawbacks,  such  as  that  it  does  not  allow  counting  or  tracking  people  who  do  not  use  smartphones  or  who  turn  the  wifi  interface  off.  likewise,  it  may  also  count  as  smart  phones  other  devices,  which  may  distort
__label__environmentmonitoring the  measurements.  another  drawback  of  the  wifi  tracking  has  to  do  with  the  privacy  implications  of  gathering  mac  addresses,  since  they  may  eventually  allow  identifying  the  owners  of  the  devices.  in  order  to  avoid  privacy  concerns,  the  companies  that  use  this  technology  usually  go  for  tradeoff  solutions  such  as  announcing  that  wifi  signals  are  being  monitored  so  that  people  who  do  not  want  to  be  tracked  can  turn  the  wifi  interface  off.  it  is  also  common  to  find  applications  that  allow  requesting  not  to  be  tracked  through  a  web  form  optout.  some  other  applications  go  further  by  applying  a  hash
__label__environmentmonitoring function  to  the  mac  address.  nevertheless,  this  anonymity  technique  has  issues  since,  although  the  relation  with  the  mac  address  gets  blurred,  what  happen  actually  is  that  one  id  the  mac  address  is  replaced  by  other  the  hash  code.  as  a  result,  during  the  last  years  several  proposals  have  appeared  to  protect  wifi  communications  by  means  of  mac  address  anonymization.  in  the  beginning,  these  proposals  appeared  as  apps  for  smart  phones,  but  during  the  last  years  the  smart  phone  manufacturers  themselves  have  started  including  these  techniques  in  the  latest  versions  of  their  os  operating  systems  e.g.,  ios,  android,  windows.  such  mac
__label__environmentmonitoring address  anonymization  techniques  aim  to  avoid  using  the  actual  mac  address  until  the  device  gets  connected  to  the  wifi  network  i.e.,  they  use  a  fake  mac  address  in  the  probe  frames.  the  solutions  depend  on  the  manufacturer  and  os  .  thus,  in  the  case  of  ios,  the  solution  involves  sending  locally  administered  mac  addresses  in  the  probe  frames,  randomly  selecting  the  3  less  significant  bytes  of  the  mac  address.  in  the  case  of  android,  some  manufacturers  have  decided  to  use  random  mac  addresses  in  the  probe  frames  from  the  mac  address  ranges  assigned  by  the  ieee  to  them.  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring context  of  smart  cei  moncloa,  privacy  issues  have  been  considered  carefully.  thus,  the  developed  wifi  tracking  sensors  apply  a  hash  function  to  the  mac  addresses  so  that  they  are  never  stored  nor  processed.  in  addition,  the  data  are  carried  securely  up  to  the  platform  servers  where  they  are  handled  in  an  aggregate  manner,  instead  of  individually.  furthermore,  the  software  of  the  developed  sensors  has  been  modified  in  order  to  avoid  that  the  aforementioned  mac  anonymization  mechanisms  affect  the  obtained  measurements.  thus,  the  wifi  frames  with  locally  administered  mac  addresses  or  including  special  mac  address  ranges  are  discarded,  so  these  devices
__label__environmentmonitoring are  not  taken  into  account.  anyway,  it  is  worthwhile  to  mention  that  this  is  not  actually  such  a  big  deal  in  the  case  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform,  since  most  of  the  users  are  connected  to  the  eduroam  free  wifi  access,  so  their  smart  phones  ends  up  using  their  actual  mac  address.  a  similar  approach  is  used  to  mitigate  the  effect  of  the  mac  address  anonymization  techniques  in  malls  and  other  public  infrastructures  where  free  wifi  access  is  offered  if  service  conditions  are  accepted.  as  shows,  the  wifi  sensors  have  been  developed  based  on  a  raspberry  pi  board  equipped
__label__environmentmonitoring with  a  usb  wifi  dongle  configured  in  monitor  mode.  the  cost  of  this  solution  is  in  the  order  of  tens  of  euros,  which  represents  a  remarkable  cost  cut  compared  to  other  options.  one  of  the  basic  software  components  is  the  wifimon  program,  which  processes  the  headers  of  the  ieee  802.11  frames  detected  by  the  dongle  on  the  fly.  this  program,  inspired  in  the  airmonng  of  the  aircrackng  suite  ,  is  developed  in  c  and  interacts  with  the  wifi  interface  driver.  by  default,  the  program  periodically  scans  all  the  wifi  channels,  both  in  the  2.4  ghz  and  in  the  5  ghz
__label__environmentmonitoring bands,  generating  a  report  every  5  seconds  including  the  detected  devices,  as  well  as  a  more  detailed  report  on  the  activity  of  the  detected  devices  every  15  min.  nevertheless,  the  channels  to  be  monitored,  the  measurement  time  for  each  channel  or  the  periodicity  of  the  reports,  can  be  modified  through  a  configuration  file.  listening  device  used  in  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensor  network.  it  should  be  noted  that  the  channel  scan  implies  that  not  all  the  channels  are  monitored  at  a  time,  but  they  are  periodically  sampled,  so  it  may  happen  that  a  frame  transmitted  in  a  channel  that  is
__label__environmentmonitoring not  being  listened  at  a  given  a  moment  of  time  is  not  detected.  this  issue  is  not  actually  relevant  since  the  objective  of  the  application  is  to  detect  the  presence  of  devices  during  a  significant  period  of  time  and  in  this  case  the  probability  of  being  detected  is  very  high.  anyhow,  the  developed  software  allows  using  several  wifi  dongles  in  parallel,  although  this  option  was  finally  discarded  for  cost  reasons  and  taking  into  account  the  good  results  obtained  using  only  one  wifi  dongle.  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform  currently  comprises  52  listening  devices  deployed  across  the  13  engineering  schools,  as
__label__environmentmonitoring shown  in  .  summary  of  the  sensors  deployed  in  the  smart  cei  moncloa  november  2017:  location  of  the  schools  within  the  campus;  number  and  type  of  sensors  per  site.  if  global  warming  and  climate  change  were  a  matter  of  opinion  at  some  point,  it  is  not  the  case  anymore.  nowadays,  they  represent  a  reality  without  a  doubt  whatsoever.  as  a  result,  environmental  monitoring  has  become  an  iot  application  of  capital  importance  for  sustainable  development  and  to  improve  quality  of  life,  especially  in  the  cities  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  this  is  why  it  was  selected  as  one  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring initial  pilot  services  in  the  smart  cei  moncloa.  the  sensor  network  for  this  service  is  based  on  the  smart  citizen  kit  sck  ,  shown  in  .  this  device  meets  the  main  two  requirements  pointed  out  at  the  beginning  of  this  section.  first,  it  is  a  low  cost  solution  few  hundreds  euros  compared  to  expensive  air  quality  monitoring  stations  thousands  of  euros.  second,  it  is  based  on  arduino  ,  and  both  the  hardware  and  software  are  open  source.  as  shows,  a  sensor  shield  is  incorporated  on  top  of  the  arduino  mother  board  including  an  array  of  sensors  that  allow  measuring  temperature,
__label__environmentmonitoring humidity,  light,  noise,  co  and  no  .  in  addition,  the  device  can  be  used  both  indoors  and  outdoors,  if  protected  with  the  appropriate  box  b.  environmental  monitoring  device:  indoors;  outdoors.  being  open  source,  the  sck  allowed  being  finely  tuned  to  the  specific  requirements  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa.  from  the  software  point  of  view,  the  original  firmware  assumes  the  connection  to  the  smartcitizen.me  platform  ,  where  the  raw  data  from  the  sensors  typically  electrical  resistance  are  processed.  such  a  platform  fosters  the  involvement  of  citizens  by  allowing  them  to  register  their  own  devices  and  offers  public  visualization  of  the  location
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  registered  nodes  together  with  their  measurements  including  both  real  time  and  historical  data.  in  the  case  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa,  the  data  were  required  to  be  stored  in  the  storage  servers  to  facilitate  studies  and  the  development  of  applications  especially  focused  on  the  campus.  nevertheless,  this  was  solved  by  developing  a  specific  piece  of  software  at  the  backend  that  works  as  gateway,  since  this  solution  offers  a  great  tradeoff  between  compatibility  and  software  development  effort.  in  addition,  the  firmware  of  the  devices  was  modified  in  order  to  allow  automatic  restarting  e.g.,  if  the  communication  with  the  servers
__label__environmentmonitoring fails  and  remote  restarting  upon  request  from  the  dashboard.  these  changes  improve  dramatically  the  operation  and  maintenance  of  the  platform,  since  they  avoid  having  to  physically  access  these  devices  which  is  typically  difficult  just  to  hardreset  them.  the  co  and  no  measurements  are  taken  by  means  of  the  mics4514  microelectromechanical  sensor  mems  .  this  is  a  sensor  typically  used  in  automotive  applications  e.g.,  to  measure  emissions  from  automobile  exhausts.  hence,  it  is  optimized  for  high  concentration  of  gases,  but  it  has  attracted  the  interest  of  the  iot  research  community  due  to  its  very  low  cost.  in  order  to  obtain  the
__label__environmentmonitoring concentration  from  the  measured  resistance  r  ,  the  graphs  shown  in  are  provided.  as  it  can  be  seen,  these  graphs  represent  the  normalized  resistance  versus  the  concentration.  however,  the  datasheet  only  provides  the  maximum  and  minimum  value  for  r  sensing  resistance  in  air,  needed  to  compute  the  normalized  resistance,  whose  actual  value  depends  on  specific  ambient  conditions  notably  temperature  and  humidity.  mics4514  calibration  curves:  co  concentration;  no  concentration  .  several  approaches  have  been  explored  within  the  context  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  to  tackle  this  issue.  first,  the  maximum  and  minimum  r  were  considered  as  r  for  the  co  and
__label__environmentmonitoring no  sensors  respectively.  however,  the  analyses  of  the  gathered  data  revealed  that  the  sensors  somehow  get  contaminated  with  time,  as  illustrates,  so  it  was  decided  to  automatically  update  it  over  periods  of  30  days.  although  the  obtained  calibration  is  not  very  precise,  the  measurements  taken  by  these  sensors  are  still  valuable  to  detect  remarkable  variations  or  trends,  as  it  will  be  illustrated  in  and  .  evolution  of  co  concentration  mg/m  from  december  2015  to  june  2016.  as  shows,  25  scks  have  been  installed  throughout  the  campus,  12  of  them  being  outdoors  and  13  being  indoors.  the  main  goal  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring outdoor  sensors  is  to  enable  the  realization  of  environmental  studies  focused  on  the  campus.  hence,  they  have  allowed  verifying  significant  differences  in  temperature  and  humidity  across  the  campus,  which  may  be  caused  by  the  manzanares  river  see  .  likewise,  they  have  also  allowed  validating  that  there  are  areas  with  higher  levels  of  noise  and  pollution,  which  is  related  to  higher  road  traffic.  the  indoor  sensors  have  been  installed  in  the  libraries,  which  are  one  of  the  common  places  that  present  higher  activity  in  the  campus.  in  this  case,  the  sensors  are  being  used  to  monitor  temperature,  humidity,  noise  level,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring air  quality.  in  addition,  this  information  can  be  combined  with  the  information  coming  from  the  people  flow  monitoring  service  to  come  up  with  valueadded  applications  for  the  university  community,  such  as  the  one  presented  in  .  m2m  communications  infrastructures  represent  the  backbone  of  any  iot  platform,  enabling  the  secure  massive  data  exchange  between  the  sensors  and  actuators  and  the  information  systems.  m2m  communications  architectures  can  be  classified  into  two  main  categories:  monolithic  and  hierarchical.  both  approaches  present  complementary  pros  and  cons  .  hierarchical  architectures  are  more  flexible,  versatile  and  scalable  than  monolithic  ones,  but  it  is  also  more  complex  to
__label__environmentmonitoring manage  and  secure  them,  since  they  comprise  several  network  segments  and  so  several  intermediate  nodes  and  combine  different  communications  technologies,  thus  the  attack  surface  being  larger.  as  it  has  just  been  mentioned,  on  the  one  side,  the  hierarchical  architectures  involve  heterogeneous  infrastructures  which  combine  short  range  and  moderate  data  rate  technologies  e.g.,  wpan  technologies,  such  as  bluetooth  or  zigbee,  or  wlan  technologies,  such  as  wifi  with  long  range  high  data  rate  technologies  both  wireless,  such  as  cellular  technologies,  and  wired,  based  on  twisted  pair  or  fiber  optics.  on  the  other  side,  monolithic  architectures  generally  rely  on  a  single  technology  to
__label__environmentmonitoring connect  the  sensors  and  actuators  and  the  information  systems.  in  this  case,  it  is  quite  common  that  the  communications  infrastructure  is  owned  by  a  telecom  operator,  which  is  responsible  for  its  management  and  maintenance,  at  the  expense  of  increasing  the  operational  costs  of  the  iot  platform.  in  this  context,  it  is  worthwhile  to  mention  the  increase  popularity  of  lpwan  low  power  wide  area  networks  technologies,  such  as  sigfox,  lora,  nbiot  or  ltem  .  these  technologies  provide  wide  coverage,  low  consumption  and  low  data  rate,  so  they  are  especially  suitable  for  scenarios  with  medium  to  high  density  of  fixed  sensors/actuators,  as
__label__environmentmonitoring well  as  for  applications  which  cover  wide  areas  and  require  longlife  batteries.  at  application  layer,  apart  from  the  option  of  web  services  on  top  of  hypertext  transfer  protocol/file  transfer  protocol  http/ftp,  two  protocols  stand  out,  namely:  message  queue  telemetry  transport  mqtt  and  constrained  application  protocol  coap  .  summarizes  their  main  features.  comparison  of  mqtt  and  coap.  shows  an  overview  of  the  communications  architecture  and  protocol  stack  of  smart  cei  moncloa.  it  can  be  seen  that  the  platform  presents  a  hybrid  communications  architecture,  which  makes  the  most  out  of  the  communications  infrastructure  available  at  the  upm,  thus  minimizing  the  deployment  costs.
__label__environmentmonitoring overview  of  the  communications  architecture  and  protocol  stack  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform.  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensors  on  the  right  hand  side  of  are  directly  connected  to  the  information  system,  located  at  the  telecommunications  engineering  school,  via  the  ethernet  network  of  the  upm.  the  communications  are  protected  endtoend  by  the  use  of  transport  layer  security  tls  on  top  of  transport  control  protocol/internet  protocol  tcp/ip.  the  measurements  are  periodically  sent  using  mqtt.  as  it  can  be  seen  in  ,  this  application  protocol  has  been  selected  due  to  the  following  reasons:  1  it  provides  reliability,  since  it  works  on  top
__label__environmentmonitoring of  tcp;  2  it  is  very  lightweight;  3  the  versatility  and  flexibility  provided  by  the  publishsubscribe  mechanism  itself  and  by  the  hierarchical  mqtt  topics.  to  be  more  precise,  the  publish/subscribe  mechanism  allows  the  sensors  not  only  to  send  measurements  periodically,  but  also  to  receive  management  commands  e.g.,  to  reboot  them  or  to  perform  a  remote  firmware  update.  the  implemented  solution  consists  on  the  deployment  of  a  mosquitto  mqtt  broker  at  the  information  system,  to  whom  the  mqtt  clients  installed  in  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensors  get  connected.  such  clients  have  being  developed  based  on  the  mosquitto  c  library  and  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  easily  configured  using  a  text  file.  this  configuration  file  basically  sets  the  events  which  are  enabled  in  the  sensor  for  both  publish  and  subscribe.  in  the  latter  case,  a  script  can  be  invoked  upon  reception  of  the  event  e.g.,  to  reboot  the  sensor.  thus,  new  functionality  can  be  easily  added  to  the  sensors.  at  the  information  system,  there  are  also  mqtt  clients  that  subscribe  to  the  events  of  the  sensors  in  order  to  gather  the  data  to  be  processed.  such  clients  are  based  on  the  same  solution  explained  in  previous  paragraph,  so  the  aforementioned  configuration  files  can  be  used
__label__environmentmonitoring to  establish  what  to  do  with  each  event.  taking  advantage  of  the  hierarchical  structure  of  the  mqtt  topics,  all  the  publish  events  follow  the  structure  service  /  id  /  event  /  timestamp  .  this  structure  allows  easy  storage  the  data  coming  from  the  sensors  in  a  unix  folder  sorting  them  by  service,  sensor  id,  type  of  event  and  timestamp,  which  refers  to  the  period  when  the  measurement  was  taken.  as  it  is  explained  in  detail  in  ,  this  solution  has  proved  to  be  very  efficient,  avoiding  the  overhead  associated  to  the  use  of  databases  and,  at  the  same  time,  facilitating
__label__environmentmonitoring the  processing  of  time  series  by  using  the  timestamp.  in  the  case  of  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensors,  the  publish  events  start  by  wifi,  followed  by  the  mac  address  of  its  ethernet  interface,  which  is  used  as  unique  id.  these  sensors  generate  different  types  of  events.  for  instance,  when  the  sensor  starts  working,  the  event  wifi/  mac  address  /  start  is  sent  including  a  timestamp,  what  is  useful  for  operation  and  maintenance  purposes.  another  example  is  the  event  wifi  /  mac  address  /  sum  ,  which  includes  a  message  with  several  counters  related  to  the  devices  detected  during  the  last
__label__environmentmonitoring 5  s,  such  as  how  many  of  them  are  active,  how  many  have  appeared,  how  many  have  gone,  or  how  many  are  machines  devices  that  are  always  present.  it  is  worthwhile  to  highlight  also  the  event  wifi  /  mac  address  /  sta  /  timestamp  which  includes  a  summary  of  the  activity  of  the  detected  devices  during  the  last  15  min.  recall  that  all  the  time  intervals  e.g.,  5  s,  15  min  can  be  configured  via  the  configuration  file.  the  format  of  the  content  published  under  the  different  topics  is  comma  separated  value  csv.  this  is  one  of  the  most  widely
__label__environmentmonitoring used  data  formats  in  iot  environments.  it  is  especially  appropriate  when  the  structure  of  the  sent  data  is  fixed.  in  this  kind  of  situations,  it  outperforms  other  options,  such  as  extensible  markup  language  xml  or  javascript  object  notation  json,  in  terms  of  overhead,  since  csv  includes  the  header  that  explains  the  meaning  of  each  field  of  the  subsequent  lines  only  at  the  beginning  of  the  file.  as  it  can  be  observed  in  the  left  hand  side  of  ,  in  the  case  of  the  environmental  monitoring  sensors,  the  communications  solution  was  given,  since  they  are  only  equipped  with  a  wifi  interface.
__label__environmentmonitoring these  results  in  a  hierarchical  architecture  where  a  given  wifi  network  of  the  upm  is  used  to  get  access  to  the  ethernet  infrastructure.  it  should  be  noted  that  the  measurements  are  not  encrypted  endtoend  although,  in  the  wifi  link,  wpa2,  which  used  to  be  a  very  secure  protocol  until  the  publication  of  the  vulnerabilities  that  have  been  recently  found  ,  together  with  mac  filtering  is  used.  additional  security  may  be  provided  at  application  layer  by  means  of  the  socalled  api  keys.  although  in  this  case  interoperability  prevails  over  security,  there  could  be  scenarios  where  it  would  be  of  capital  importance
__label__environmentmonitoring to  secure  this  sensing  infrastructure  see  .  the  environmental  monitoring  sensors  assume  the  use  of  an  api  rest  for  time  synchronization  and  for  sending  the  measurements  to  the  smartcitizen.me  platform.  therefore,  it  was  necessary  to  modify  the  firmware  to  redirect  it  to  an  api  rest  deployed  in  the  information  system  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform.  in  order  to  homogenize  the  system  architecture  and  to  make  the  most  out  of  the  flexibility  of  mqtt,  such  an  api  rest  server  also  works  as  http/mqtt  gateway  see  .  it  could  also  be  possible  to  install  mosquitto  in  the  environmental  monitoring  sensors  e.g.,
__label__environmentmonitoring .  however,  as  it  was  mentioned  in  ,  the  adopted  solution  allows  sharing  the  gathered  data  seamlessly  with  minimum  changes  in  the  sensors.  the  events  coming  from  the  environmental  monitoring  sensors  have  the  format  sck  /  mac  address  /  event  .  thus,  the  event  that  is  used  to  send  the  environmental  parameters  is  sck  /  mac  addres  /  raw  /  timestamp  .  these  events  include  a  csv  file  with  all  the  raw  data  measured  by  the  sensors  of  the  sck.  at  the  server,  the  mqtt  client  that  processes  these  events  store  them  in  the  subfolder  sck  /  mac  address  /
__label__environmentmonitoring raw  .  iot  applications  generate  unprecedented  volumes  of  data.  therefore,  data  mining  is  key  to  extract  valuable  information  from  them  ,  either  by  means  of  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  machine  learning  ml  algorithms  in  search  of  patterns  that  allow  automatically  optimize  processes  and  solve  problems  or  by  means  of  visual  representations  that  support  data  interpretation  and  decision  making  the  socalled  visual  analytics  .  as  it  has  already  been  explained  in  ,  one  of  the  key  features  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  is  the  use  of  mqtt,  which  allows  easily  structuring  the  measurements  sent  by  the  sensors  by  means  of  folders
__label__environmentmonitoring and  files  at  the  storage  server.  alternatively,  such  measurements  could  have  been  stored  in  some  of  the  databases  commonly  used  in  iot  applications.  however,  as  it  has  already  been  mentioned  too,  the  measurements  in  the  smart  cei  moncloa  represent  time  series  and  it  is  wellknown  that  regular  databases  do  not  work  properly  when  dealing  with  them.  in  order  to  solve  this,  the  socalled  time  series  databases,  whose  storage  and  search  mechanisms  are  especially  optimized  for  this  kind  of  data,  having  being  proposed  in  the  literature  .  although  this  kind  of  databases  could  have  been  deployed  in  the  storage  server  of
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  cei  moncloa,  for  the  sake  of  simplicity  and  performance,  it  was  finally  preferred  taking  advantage  of  the  hierarchical  structure  of  the  mqtt  topics,  which  include  a  timestamp.  such  timestamps  follow  the  yyyymmddhhmmss  format,  which  dramatically  facilitates  the  search  for  files  by  date.  this  feature,  together  with  an  own  developed  c  library  for  handling  and  processing  csv  files,  allows  developing  simple  scripts  for  time  series  search  with  very  low  response  time.  this  is  observed  in  the  dashboard  of  the  platform,  where  the  time  series  queries  are  served  very  quickly,  without  penalizing  the  online  usability  of  the  platform,  as  it  would
__label__environmentmonitoring happen  if  relational  databases  were  in  place.  in  addition,  the  platform  is  processing  the  stored  measurements  in  background  mode  and  generating  files  with  more  elaborated  data,  which  help  reducing  even  more  the  query  response  time.  thus,  in  the  case  of  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensors,  for  instance,  daily  csv  files  are  generated  including  a  digest  of  the  activity  of  all  the  devices  detected  throughout  the  day.  the  analysis  of  these  files  allows  computing  the  average  stay  time  and  discriminating  between  machines,  passersby  and  stayers  based  on  it.  another  example  of  the  benefits  that  this  background  onthefly  processing  brings,  has  to
__label__environmentmonitoring do  with  the  analysis  of  the  people  flow  in  a  whole  building.  in  this  case,  the  files  associated  to  the  measurements  of  different  sensors  of  the  same  building  are  compared  in  order  to  avoid  counting  the  same  mobile/person  several  times  e.g.,  due  to  overlapping  of  wifi  cells.  the  resulting  file  allows  analyzing  the  people  flow  at  building  level,  identifying  the  total  stay  time  or  the  frequency  of  the  visited  places.  finally,  the  dashboard  of  the  platform  is  a  web  application  developed  under  the  responsive  web  design  rwd  approach  in  order  to  ensure  usability  in  all  types  of  devices  e.g.,  smart
__label__environmentmonitoring phones,  tablets,  laptops  .  from  the  client  side,  the  application  is  based  on  the  bootstrap  framework  ,  which  combines  hypertext  markup  language  html,  cascading  style  sheets  css,  and  javascript.  for  the  data  representation,  the  wellknown  javascript  libraries  d3.js  and  nvd3.js  are  used,  together  with  the  library  nvd3graphs.js,  which  was  specifically  developed  for  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform.  furthermore,  the  javascript  library  leaflet.js  is  used  for  the  maps.  from  the  server  side,  the  application  is  based  on  node.js  and  express  .  node.js  is  a  wellknown  server  platform  based  on  javascript  which  allows  developing  scalable  web  applications  due  to  its  eventoriented  asynchronous
__label__environmentmonitoring behavior  in  a  fast  and  simple  way  since  clients  and  server  are  develop  in  the  same  programming  language.  the  express  web  framework  makes  the  configuration  of  the  node.js  server  simpler.  as  it  has  just  been  explained,  with  the  aim  of  demonstrating  the  functionality  and  potential  of  the  deployed  platform,  a  webbased  dashboard  has  been  developed.  this  application  offers  different  functionalities  depending  on  the  user  profile  namely,  guess,  partner,  and  administrator.  these  user  profiles  can  visualize  different  graphs,  maps,  and  tables,  which  are  based  on  the  data  gathered  by  the  sensor  networks  and  facilitate  performing  visual  analytics.  in  addition,  the  application
__label__environmentmonitoring also  allows  administrators  to  manage  the  deployed  sensors  remotely.  shows  the  welcome  page  of  the  dashboard  .  this  page  provides  an  overview  of  the  activity  in  the  campus.  on  the  left  hand  side,  it  can  be  seen  a  heat  map  that  shows  a  realtime  estimation  updated  every  5  s  of  the  density  of  persons  in  the  different  premises  of  the  campus  based  on  the  wifi  devices  detected  by  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensor  network.  on  the  right  hand  side,  the  graph  on  the  top  shows  the  time  evolution  of  the  number  of  detected  devices  during  the  last  7  days;  whereas
__label__environmentmonitoring the  graph  on  the  button  shows  a  barchart  that  compares  the  number  of  devices  detected  during  the  last  15  min  in  each  school.  as  it  can  be  observed,  the  devices  are  classified  into  three  categories  namely,  machines,  passersby,  and  stayers  based  on  the  average  stay  time  and  some  heuristics.  this  allows  differentiating  between  devices  belonging  to  people  who  come  to  the  school  for  work  or  studying,  those  that  belong  to  people  who  are  just  passing  by  e.g.,  couriers,  and  those  that  are  actually  fixed  devices  e.g.,  printers.  welcome  page  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  dashboard.  in  addition,  the  registered  users
__label__environmentmonitoring can  get  access  to  custom  graphs  tailored  to  the  different  schools  or  even  to  individual  sensors.  for  instance,  shows  the  view  associated  to  the  sensor  installed  in  the  library  of  the  civil  engineering  school.  in  the  time  evolution  graph  left  hand  side  of  ,  the  opening  hours  can  be  observed  together  with  two  occupation  peaks  in  the  morning  and  in  the  afternoon  with  an  offpeak  period  in  between  due  to  the  lunch  time.  this  persensor  view  also  includes  a  histogram  of  the  stay  time  in  minutes  of  the  wifi  devices  in  the  surroundings  of  the  sensor  right  hand  side  of
__label__environmentmonitoring .  view  associated  to  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensor  installed  in  the  library  of  the  civil  engineering  school.  shows  a  snapshot  of  the  activity  in  the  industrial  engineering  school.  in  the  first  row  of  graphs,  going  from  the  left  to  the  right,  first  it  can  be  seen  a  heat  map  that  illustrates  the  distribution  of  people  in  the  different  premises  of  the  school  entrance  area,  classrooms,  library,  canteen,  parking,  and  sport  premises.  next,  it  can  be  seen  a  graph  that  shows  the  evolution  of  the  number  of  detected  devices  during  the  last  7  days.  as  it  has  already  been  pointed
__label__environmentmonitoring out,  these  devices  are  classified  as  machines,  passersby,  and  stayers.  the  histogram  of  the  stay  time  is  also  provided  as  last  graph  of  the  first  row.  in  the  second  row  of  graphs,  it  can  be  seen  two  barcharts  that  allow  comparing  the  number  of  devices  detected  in  each  of  the  monitored  premises.  it  should  be  kept  in  mind  that  in  the  building  analysis  the  data  from  all  the  installed  sensors  are  correlated,  avoiding  counting  the  same  devices  multiple  times  e.g.,  due  to  wifi  cell  overlap.  view  associated  to  the  people  flow  monitoring  service  for  the  industrial  engineering  school.  both  the
__label__environmentmonitoring persensor  and  perschool  views  allow  visualizing  either  realtime  information  or  historic  data.  thus,  on  the  top  of  ,  it  can  be  seen  the  distribution  of  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensors  at  the  telecommunications  engineering  school  and  at  the  industrial  engineering  school  respectively;  whereas  on  the  bottom  of  ,  it  can  be  seen  a  snapshot  of  the  occupation  in  the  different  premises  of  each  school  at  a  given  moment  of  time.  ,  distribution  of  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensors  at  the  telecommunications  engineering  school  and  at  the  industrial  engineering  school  respectively;  ,  snapshot  of  the  occupation  in  the  different  premises  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  telecommunications  engineering  school  and  the  industrial  engineering  school  respectively.  ,  on  the  other  hand,  illustrates  how  the  historical  occupation  data  can  be  consulted,  in  this  case  for  the  telecommunication  engineering  school.  historical  occupation  data  for  the  telecommunications  engineering  school.  it  allows  selecting  the  day  and  the  time  frame.  to  conclude  this  overview  of  the  data  provided  by  the  dashboard,  shows  the  view  of  the  environmental  monitoring  service  accessible  to  everybody.  on  the  left  hand  side  of  ,  it  can  be  seen  a  realtime  summary  of  the  monitored  parameters.  on  the  right  hand  side  of  ,  it  can  be  seen
__label__environmentmonitoring the  weekly  graphs  for  each  parameter.  these  graphs  allow  observing  a  clear  correlation  between  the  monitored  parameters  depending  on  whether  it  is  day  or  night.  it  should  be  noted  that  no  big  difference  is  observed  between  weekdays  and  weekend  because  the  libraries  of  the  schools  are  open  during  the  weekend.  the  registered  users  can  also  get  access  to  the  data  gathered  from  specific  sensors  by  selecting  them.  overview  of  the  environmental  monitoring  data.  the  information  currently  provided  by  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform  can  be  used  and  combined  to  come  up  with  a  wide  range  of  valueadded  services  for  smart
__label__environmentmonitoring cities.  this  section  goes  through  just  a  few  examples  with  the  aim  of  illustrating  such  a  potential  and  fostering  new  ideas.  public  safety  is  one  of  the  main  application  areas  of  the  people  flow  monitoring  service.  the  heat  maps,  for  instance,  allow  identifying  the  areas  where  there  are  higher  concentrations  of  people.  thus,  a  potential  application  may  focus  on  these  areas  and  compare  the  number  of  detected  devices  with  a  given  threshold  in  order  to  detect  and  avoid  overcapacity.  this  service  may  also  be  so  useful  for  searching  for  people  inside  buildings  in  case  of  disasters  such  as  fire  or
__label__environmentmonitoring earthquakes.  this  was  indeed  the  idea  that  a  team  of  upm  students  presented  at  hack  for  good  2016  and  that  was  awarded  by  telefonica  .  the  application  on  smart  emergency  management  was  able  to  determine  where  people  were  located  based  on  the  data  collected  by  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensor  network  of  smart  cei  moncloa.  to  probe  the  effectiveness  of  the  solution,  the  students  took  a  data  set  collected  during  december  2015  at  the  telecommunication  engineering  school.  during  the  hackaton  sessions,  they  developed  an  application  that  processed  the  data  in  order  to  estimate  the  location  of  wifi  devices.  shows  the
__label__environmentmonitoring developed  webbased  graphical  user  interface,  which  allows  tracking  the  distribution  of  the  devices  within  the  building  along  the  time.  smart  emergency  management  webbased  application.  as  it  has  already  been  mentioned,  environmental  monitoring  is  of  capital  importance  especially  in  the  cities,  where  pollution  is  reaching  levels  that  jeopardize  citizens  health.  as  a  result,  several  important  cities  around  the  world,  such  as  stockholm,  london,  paris  or  santiago  de  chile,  have  been  applying  road  traffic  restrictions  in  specific  areas,  such  as  downtown,  for  quite  a  few  years.  these  measures  are  also  being  applied  in  madrid  for  a  few  months.  these  measures  range  from
__label__environmentmonitoring forbidding  the  use  of  public  parking  or  reducing  the  speed  limit  in  the  main  highways  surrounding  the  city  to  allowing  only  the  entrance  to  the  city  of  vehicles  with  odd  or  even  license  plate.  the  severity  of  the  applied  restrictions  depends  typically  on  the  no  concentration,  which  is  measured  by  a  few  expensive  air  quality  monitoring  stations.  compares  the  no  concentration  measured  by  one  of  those  monitoring  stations  with  the  no  concentration  measured  by  the  outdoors  environmental  sensor  of  the  industrial  engineering  school,  which  is  in  front  of  the  municipal  monitoring  station.  it  should  be  noted  that  on  october  24
__label__environmentmonitoring and  october  25  the  madrid  city  council  imposed  parking  and  speed  limit  restrictions  due  to  the  pollution  levels.  although,  as  it  is  explained  in  ,  the  co  and  no  measurements  from  the  environmental  sensors  used  in  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform  are  not  precisely  calibrated,  shows  that  they  are  valid  for  identifying  sharp  increases  and,  in  general,  trends.  no  concentration  measured  by  a  municipal  air  quality  monitoring  station  ;  no  concentration  measured  by  the  outdoor  environmental  sensor  of  the  industrial  engineering  school,  which  is  in  front  of  the  municipal  monitoring  station.  therefore,  this  kind  of  lowcost  sensors  can  be  combined
__label__environmentmonitoring with  more  expensive  air  quality  monitoring  stations  to  increase  the  granularity  of  the  measurements,  enabling  more  specific  or  focused  restrictions  which  can  be  taken  for  less  severe  situations  e.g.,  forbid  the  road  traffic  in  a  specific  area  instead  of  in  the  whole  city  center  and  update  the  citizen  with  these  restrictions  dynamically  via  an  app,  which  may  even  communicate  or  be  embedded  in  the  gps  navigator,  thus  trying  to  act  on  the  traffic  not  only  based  on  the  traffic  conditions  but  also  on  environmental  variables.  in  this  kind  of  hypothetical  applications,  security  issues  would  need  to  be  addressed  carefully,  since
__label__environmentmonitoring an  attacker  who  got  the  control  of  a  remarkable  amount  of  lowcost  sensors  could  provoke  chaotic  situations.  in  addition,  the  measurements  taken  by  the  expensive  air  quality  monitoring  stations  can  be  used  to  dynamically  calibrate  the  lowcost  sensors.  this  use  case  represents  an  example  of  how  the  information  from  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensors  and  the  environmental  sensors  can  be  combined  resulting  in  value  added  applications,  notably  to  the  university  community  in  this  specific  case.  shows  the  library  application  developed  by  a  upm  student  .  this  application  allows  selecting  one  of  the  libraries  of  the  different  schools  and  provides  very
__label__environmentmonitoring useful  information,  such  as  the  percentage  of  occupation  and  free  seats  which  is  an  estimation  based  on  the  wifi  detected  devices  and  the  temperature,  levels  of  noise,  and  co  and  no  concentration  which  are  taken  from  the  indoors  environmental  sensors.  the  latter  information  is  definitely  interesting  to  student  due  to  the  effect  that  these  parameters  have  on  the  concentration  and  so  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  study  time.  this  information  can  be  combined  with  the  distance  between  the  users  location  and  the  libraries  to  enable  tradeoff  selections.  webbased  application  to  aid  library  selection.  iotbased  platforms  for  smart  cities  involve  a
__label__environmentmonitoring huge  amount  of  sensors  and  actuators  and  a  wide  variety  of  technological  features  and  decisions,  ranging  from  the  hardware  and  firmware  of  such  sensors  and  actuators  to  the  plethora  of  backend  technologies  and  potential  services,  and  the  myriad  of  communications  technologies  and  protocols  available  to  connect  both  ends.  as  a  result,  this  kind  of  platforms  are  technologically  complex  and  putting  them  into  practice  at  large  scale  implies  huge  costs  and  risks.  therefore,  pilot  schemes  that  allow  validating  proof  of  concepts,  experimenting  with  different  technologies  and  services,  and  finetuning  them  before  deploying  them  massively,  are  especially  important  in  this  context.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  cei  moncloa  presents  a  set  of  features  that  make  it  a  great  test  bench  for  smart  city  services.  it  covers  a  fairly  large  area  5.5  km  integrated  into  the  metropolitan  area  of  madrid,  which  ensures  a  high  traffic  of  people  and  vehicles.  it  involves  a  remarkable  number  of  sensors  77  spread  across  the  different  schools  that  comprise  the  upm.  these  sensors  rely  on  two  of  the  most  widely  used  hardware  platforms  for  iot,  notably  raspberry  pi  and  arduino.  the  platform  also  uses  especially  relevant  protocols  for  iot  such  as  mqtt  and  provides  a  humanfriendly  web  interface  based  on  rwd
__label__environmentmonitoring that  allows  consulting  the  available  information  from  any  kind  of  device  e.g.,  smartphone,  tablet,  laptop.  furthermore,  the  two  initial  pilot  services  namely,  people  flow  monitoring  and  environmental  monitoring  are  also  especially  relevant  for  smart  city  scenarios,  as  it  has  been  illustrated  throughout  the  paper,  and  new  services  can  be  easily  included.  in  addition  to  all  this,  the  fact  that  the  platform  is  deployed  in  a  university  campus  makes  that  the  provided  value  goes  beyond  the  services  and  applications  themselves,  fostering  the  learning  and  training  of  students,  and  the  research  and  innovation  from  the  whole  university  community.  as  a  matter  of
__label__environmentmonitoring fact,  presents  several  examples  of  valueadded  applications  developed  by  upm  students  in  different  contexts  e.g.,  hackathons,  final  thesis,  etc..  moreover,  the  moncloa  cei  includes  all  kind  of  engineering  schools  along  with  humanities  schools,  which  make  it  a  remarkable  multidisciplinary  environment,  something  that  is  so  important  for  smart  city  applications.  the  lessons  learned  from  the  design,  development,  and  deployment  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  can  be  of  special  interest  for  undertaking  similar  projects  in  the  future.  at  the  sensing  layer,  the  paper  illustrates  one  of  the  main  challenges  when  dealing  with  a  huge  amount  of  lowcost  sensors:  keeping  them  properly  calibrated
__label__environmentmonitoring .  typically,  automatic  procedures  to  try  to  dynamically  update  and  fix  the  calibration  of  the  sensors  will  be  required.  in  ,  a  proposal  to  dynamically  calibrate  the  data  based  on  the  gathered  measurements  is  explained.  moreover,  as  it  is  pointed  out  in  ,  if  this  kind  of  sensors  are  deployed  together  with  a  few  highquality  sensors  that  drop  more  reliable  measurements,  they  can  be  dynamically  calibrated  based  on  them.  anyway,  in  the  case  of  the  sensors  for  co  and  no  concentration  used  in  the  smart  cei  moncloa,  it  has  been  proved  that,  despite  they  are  not  accurately  calibrated,  they  are
__label__environmentmonitoring still  valid  for  detecting  sharp  variations  and  trends.  as  it  is  also  mentioned  in  ,  if  this  kind  of  low  cost  sensor  infrastructures  were  used  for  providing  smart  city  services,  security  mechanisms,  such  as  the  ones  described  in  ,  would  be  necessary.  at  the  networking  and  data  communications  layer,  taking  into  account  the  volume  of  devices  and  the  associated  investments  that  this  kind  of  systems  involve,  an  important  takeaway  is  that,  despite  there  are  communications  technologies  that  are  especially  appropriate  for  smart  city  applications  such  as  the  lpwan  technologies  and  so  must  be  considered,  the  available  communications  infrastructure  must  be
__label__environmentmonitoring used  whenever  possible,  in  order  to  reduce  deployment  costs.  thus,  if  a  city  council  offers  free  wifi  all  over  the  city,  the  ap  being  located,  for  instance,  in  the  streetlights,  and  they  want  to  start  offering  a  smart  parking  service,  the  first  approach  they  should  consider  if  it  is  possible  to  send  the  data  from  the  parking  sensors  via  wifi,  guaranteeing  the  required  level  of  reliability  and  without  compromising  the  qos  quality  of  service  of  the  wifi  users  which  seems  quite  improbable,  since  the  parking  sensors  can  be  optimized  so  that  they  only  transmit  a  small  packet  when  a  car
__label__environmentmonitoring parks  or  leaves.  likewise,  if  a  city  council  wanted  to  offer  an  energy  management  service  in  their  public  buildings  which  are  equipped  with  wired  and  wireless  infrastructures,  they  should  first  consider  using  such  infrastructure  to  carry  the  measurements  and  commands  back  and  forth.  taking  into  account  the  wide  variety  of  devices  this  kind  of  systems  involve,  it  is  also  very  common  that  different  communications  technologies  and  protocols  coexist  within  the  same  platform.  the  use  of  gateways  or  middleware  is  key  to  solve  this  kind  of  issues  ,  ,  ,  .  middleware  platforms  are  also  valuable  to  provide  common  policies  to
__label__environmentmonitoring access  the  available  data,  thus  solving  security  and  privacy  issues  ,  .  furthermore,  it  is  also  worthwhile  to  remark  upon  related  middleware  platforms  focused  on  enabling  ad  hoc  proximitybased  devicetodevice  d2d  communications  to  support  socalled  mobile  social  networks  in  proximity  msnp  applications  .  at  the  application  layer,  there  are  also  several  data  formats  available  whose  use  depends  on  the  specific  features  of  the  target  application.  if  there  are  different  types  of  devices  providing  heterogeneous  unstructured  data,  json  may  be  the  most  appropriate  solution,  taking  into  account  its  great  flexibility  and  that  it  can  be  easily  integrated  with  nosql  databases  for
__label__environmentmonitoring online  big  data,  such  as  mongodb  .  however,  if  the  data  are  heterogeneous  but  they  follow  always  a  fixed  structure,  as  in  the  case  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform,  csv  represents  a  great  solution,  since  it  is  the  most  lightweight  data  format  and  meets  the  data  requirements.  the  paper  also  presents  a  simple  and  scalable  approach  to  store  and  handle  time  series  data.  finally,  the  paper  also  reveals  that  in  order  to  obtain  the  maximum  value  from  smart  city  services  and  applications,  they  need  to  be  approached  holistically,  since  there  are  so  many  possible  synergies  between  them.  ,  for
__label__environmentmonitoring instance,  presents  the  example  of  how  combining  the  information  from  the  people  flow  monitoring  sensor  network  with  the  information  from  the  environmental  sensor  network  can  allow  developing  an  addedvalue  application  to  aid  library  selection.  but  there  are  many  other  examples.  for  instance,  a  smart  lighting  service  would  not  be  actually  smart  if  it  did  not  take  into  account  information  related  to  light  or  to  the  presence  of  people,  if  available.  likewise,  a  smart  watering  service  would  not  be  actually  smart  if  it  did  not  take  into  account  information  related  to  the  humidity  of  the  ground  or  even  the  weather  forecast,
__label__environmentmonitoring if  available.  this  paper  presents  the  smart  cei  moncloa:  an  iotbased  platform  deployed  in  the  moncloa  campus  of  international  excellence,  located  in  the  madrid  metropolitan  area,  and  whose  main  goal  is  to  enable  experimenting  with  smart  city  services  and  finetuning  them  before  eventually  deploying  them  at  large  scale.  the  platform  currently  offers  two  pilot  services,  namely  people  flow  monitoring  based  on  wifi  tracking  and  environmental  monitoring,  including  the  following  parameters:  temperature,  humidity,  light,  noise,  co  concentration,  and  no  concentration.  the  paper  describes  the  main  challenges  that  were  found  and  the  design  and  implementation  decisions  that  were  made  at  each  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  main  layers  of  the  platform,  namely  the  sensing  layer,  the  networking  and  data  communications  layer,  and  the  application  layer.  in  addition,  the  paper  also  presents  the  main  functionalities  that  the  platform  currently  offers,  mostly  related  to  performing  visual  analytics  through  a  webbased  dashboard  which  guarantees  ubiquitous  access,  and  discusses  its  potential  by  means  of  a  few  selected  use  cases.  as  for  future  work,  energy  monitoring  is  the  next  service  that  is  planned  to  be  included  in  the  platform  due  to  its  great  relevance  for  sustainable  development  and  to  the  great  synergies  with  the  already  delivered  services.  thus,  the  people
__label__environmentmonitoring flow  monitoring  information  and  the  environmental  information  can  be  considered  to  smartly  control  the  university  heating,  ventilation,  and  air  conditioning  hvac  systems,  e.g.,  switching  off  or  properly  adjusting  the  working  point  of  the  heating  or  air  conditioning  when  nobody  is  in  a  room  or  switching  on  the  heating  a  couple  of  hours  before  people  start  arriving  at  the  university  after  a  very  cold  night  or  weekend.  this  kind  of  control  would  enable  saving  energy  and  improving  comfort  levels  at  the  same  time.  furthermore,  the  distributed  energy  resources  der  deployed  throughout  the  campus  e.g.,  distributed  generation  based  on  solar  photovoltaics  and
__label__environmentmonitoring wind  turbines,  or  electric  vehicles  charging  spots  may  be  also  taken  into  account  in  order  to  perform  consumption  and  generation  matching  at  campus  level.  in  addition,  it  is  also  planned  to  encourage  the  university  community  to  apply  ml  and  ai  algorithms  to  the  available  data  to  come  up  with  novel  applications  that  bring  value  to  the  university  itself  and  foster  the  creation  of  cuttingedge  technological  spinoffs  focused  on  smart  cities.  this  work  has  been  partly  funded  by  the  spanish  ministry  of  economy  and  competitiveness  through  the  dharma  dynamic  heterogeneous  threats  risk  management  and  assessment  project  tin201459023c22r  and  by  the  upm
__label__environmentmonitoring city  of  the  future  initiative.  the  authors  would  like  to  thank  all  the  students  that  have  participated  in  the  development  and  deployment  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa:  pablo  arias,  marta  martn,  carlos  moreno,  ana  martn,  carlos  gmez  and  almudena  fernndez.  manuel  lvarezcampana  led  the  design,  development  and  deployment  of  the  smart  cei  moncloa  platform,  which  has  been  used  by  all  the  authors  for  educational  and  research  purposes.  manuel  lvarezcampana  and  gregorio  lpez  led  the  paper  preparation,  which  includes  contributions  from  all  the  authors.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  management,  economics  and  industrial  engineering,  politecnico  di  milano,  via  lambruschini  4/b  building  26/b,  20156  milan,  italy  department  of  industrial  engineering,  business  administration  and  statistics,  e.t.s  de  ingenieros  industriales,  universidad  politcnica  de  madrid,  calle  de  jose  gutierrez  abascal  2,  28006  madrid,  spain  department  of  industrial  engineering,  business  administration  and  statistics,  e.t.s  de  ingenieros  industriales,  universidad  politcnica  de  madrid,  calle  de  jose  gutierrez  abascal  2,  28006  madrid,  spain  jlich  supercomputing  center  forschungszentrum  jlich  gmbh,  wilhelmwohnenstr,  52425  jlich,  germany  this  paper  proposes  a  framework  for  an  air  quality  decision  support  system  aqdss,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring as  a  proof  of  concept,  develops  an  internet  of  things  iot  application  based  on  this  framework.  this  application  was  assessed  by  means  of  a  case  study  in  the  city  of  madrid.  we  employed  different  sensors  and  combined  outdoor  and  indoor  data  with  spatiotemporal  activity  patterns  to  estimate  the  personal  air  pollution  exposure  pape  of  an  individual.  this  pilot  case  study  presents  evidence  that  pape  can  be  estimated  by  employing  indoor  air  quality  monitors  and  ebeacon  technology  that  have  not  previously  been  used  in  similar  studies  and  have  the  advantages  of  being  lowcost  and  unobtrusive  to  the  individual.  in  future  work,
__label__environmentmonitoring our  iot  application  can  be  extended  to  include  prediction  models,  enabling  dynamic  feedback  about  pape  risks.  furthermore,  pape  data  from  this  type  of  application  could  be  useful  for  air  quality  policy  development  as  well  as  in  epidemiological  studies  that  explore  the  effects  of  air  pollution  on  certain  diseases.  pollution  and  various  forms  of  ecosystem  contamination  continue  to  be  pressing  issues  across  the  globe  .  chinas  rapid  increase  in  urbanization  in  the  last  three  decades,  for  example,  has  resulted  into  environmental  challenges  where  air  pollution  is  the  leading  problem  .  protecting  the  environment,  therefore,  is  a  serious  undertaking  that  faces  businesses
__label__environmentmonitoring and  governments  today.  in  recent  years,  there  has  been  increasing  pressure  on  institutions  to  measure  and  report  environmentrelated  parameters  .  for  this  reason,  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  the  number  of  reporting  instruments  used  globally,  of  which  sustainability  reporting  instruments  account  for  the  largest  share  owing  to  government  regulations  .  environmental  sustainability  now  underpins  the  policybuilding  initiatives  of  government  institutions  and  businesses  alike.  in  developed  countries  such  as  those  of  the  european  union  eu,  air  pollution  damage,  which  brings  about  a  direct  threat  to  public  health,  is  expected  to  rise  in  the  next  decade.  this  has  compelled  the
__label__environmentmonitoring eu  governments  to  give  priority  to  air  pollution  level  reduction  above  any  other  climate  change  policy  plans  .  in  developing  countries,  however,  there  are  still  inadequate  air  quality  policies  and  environmental  monitoring  plans.  this  is  a  major  concern  primarily  because  these  are  the  regions  that  are  more  susceptible  to  increasing  levels  of  air  pollution  .  there  is  therefore  a  challenge  in  finding  economical  solutions  to  monitor  pollution  levels  and  other  relevant  health  parameters.  air  pollution  from  both  outdoor  and  indoor  sources  constitutes  the  greatest  environmental  risk  to  human  health  around  the  globe  .  about  seven  million  premature  deaths  were  attributed
__label__environmentmonitoring to  air  pollution  in  2014,  based  on  an  estimate  by  the  world  health  organization  who.  it  is  projected  that,  by  2050,  outdoor  air  pollution  will  be  the  number  one  cause  of  environmentrelated  deaths  worldwide  .  for  these  reasons,  governments  across  the  globe  have  started  to  monitor  the  levels  of  major  air  pollutants,  especially  in  metropolitan  and  urban  areas.  in  addition,  people  spend  around  90  of  their  time  indoors,  and  human  exposure  to  indoor  air  pollutants  may  occasionally  be  more  than  100  times  higher  than  outdoor  pollutant  levels,  according  to  the  united  states  us  environmental  protection  agency  epa.  indoor  air  pollution
__label__environmentmonitoring is  equally  detrimental,  as  statistics  show  that  4.3  million  people  per  year  die  from  exposure  to  household  air  pollution  .  exposure  to  poor  indoor  air  is  a  significant  cause  of  productivity  loss  in  the  us,  as  productivity  decreases  by  0.5  to  5  per  workplace,  generating  a  loss  of  20  to  200  billion  us  dollars  annually  .  monitoring  personal  air  pollution  exposure  pape,  which  refers  to  the  amount  g  of  pollution  being  inhaled  by  an  individual,  has  been  a  topic  of  growing  interest  worldwide,  not  only  as  a  result  of  global  health  policies,  but  more  importantly,  due  to  the  interest  in
__label__environmentmonitoring understanding  its  effects  on  various  cardiovascular  and  respiratory  diseases.  these  diseases  have  been  documented  widely  in  existing  epidemiological  studies  ,  .  nevertheless,  this  traditional  evaluation  of  pape  has  not  been  directly  undertaken  for  individuals,  but  rather  for  groups  of  people  exposed  to  the  annual  average  concentrations  of  pollution  that  are  indicated  by  a  network  of  fixedsite  outdoor  monitors.  existing  studies  on  the  association  of  air  pollution  with  different  diseases  ,  recognize  the  importance  of  measuring  pape  among  individuals.  by  monitoring  activity  patterns,  it  is  possible  to  establish  correlations  between  different  populations  or  levels  of  socioeconomic  status  and  pape.  although  there
__label__environmentmonitoring are  novel  methods  to  measure  and  model  these  exposures,  the  great  variability  in  pape  remains  a  major  challenge  and  provides  a  compelling  case  for  research  on  the  effects  of  air  pollution  on  health.  dias  and  tchepel  suggest  that,  in  order  to  assess  personal  exposure,  not  only  the  spatialtemporal  variability  of  urban  air  pollution  should  be  taken  into  account  but  also  the  indoor  exposure  and  the  individual  timedependent  activities  should  be  measured.  the  recent  advances  in  data  technology  are  expected  to  play  major  roles  in  the  next  decade,  permitting  easier  access  and  analysis  of  data  .  the  internet  of  things  iot,
__label__environmentmonitoring which  is  defined  as  the  network  of  various  ubiquitous  devices  that  are  capable  of  computation  and  communication  over  the  internet,  has  been  gaining  recognition  in  the  development  of  advanced  applications  in  the  healthcare  sector  .  this  wave  of  digital  innovation  is  driving  the  healthcare  industry  and  paving  the  way  for  cheaper,  smaller  and  more  efficient  wearable  technologies  that  monitor  health  indicators  in  real  time  .  health  systems  around  the  world  are  under  pressure  to  come  up  with  economical  solutions  to  existing  problems  .  these  sensor  technologies,  coupled  with  sophisticated  analytics,  have  the  means  to  improve  process  efficiency  and  achieve  cost
__label__environmentmonitoring reductions  .  with  this  kind  of  digital  innovation,  an  economical  and  scalable  application  can  be  built  to  help  developing  countries  to  measure  pape  and  other  health  parameters  to  improve  their  current  health  risk  assessment  systems.  although  there  was  initially  a  concern  about  sharing  private  information  from  sensor  technologies  or  other  similar  devices,  the  general  public  has  started  to  accept  the  use  of  digital  services,  even  for  sensitive  information  such  as  health  data  .  in  fact,  in  a  consumer  survey  performed  by  price  waterhouse  coopers  in  2015,  83  of  respondents  indicated  that  they  were  willing  to  share  data  to  aid  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  diagnosis  and  treatment  of  diseases  .  with  this  collaborative  support  from  the  general  public,  exploring  iot  applications  to  test  sensordriven  projects  can  greatly  facilitate  advances  in  the  healthcare  industry  .  insights  gained  from  the  surveillance  of  vital  health  information,  such  as  pape,  can  establish  a  foundation  for  predictive,  preventive,  and  personalized  healthcare  systems  .  in  line  with  these  trends  in  the  healthcare  industry,  this  paper  seeks  to  propose  a  framework  for  an  air  quality  decision  support  system  aqdss  and  to  develop  an  iot  application  that  measures  pape  based  on  this  framework.  the  four  sections  of  this  paper  are  organized
__label__environmentmonitoring as  follows.  the  first  section  provides  a  literature  review  of  studies  on  key  air  pollutants,  determination  methods  for  air  pollutants,  and  pape  estimation  techniques  as  well  as  the  current  opportunities  and  challenges  in  the  field.  the  second  part  discusses  the  methodology,  which  includes  the  proposed  framework  and  an  iot  application  that  was  tested  by  means  of  a  case  study.  this  is  followed  in  the  third  part  by  the  analysis  and  a  discussion  of  the  results  of  the  case  study.  the  fourth  part  presents  conclusions  that  highlight  the  studys  important  contributions  and  directions  for  future  research.  the  key  air  pollutants  that
__label__environmentmonitoring are  currently  being  monitored  by  agencies  such  as  the  who,  the  epa  in  the  united  states,  and  the  european  environment  agency  eea  in  europe,  are  particulate  matter  pm  and  pm  ,  ozone  o  ,  nitrogen  oxide  no,  nitrogen  dioxide  no  ,  carbon  monoxide  co,  sulfur  dioxide  so  ,  volatile  organic  compounds  voc,  and  benzene  c  h  .  they  are  also  frequently  studied  in  academic  research  ,  .  although  there  is  a  substantial  amount  of  monitoring  data  available  for  each  of  these  pollutants.  pm  and  pm  are  considered  to  be  the  most  widely  studied  air  pollutants  in  the  existing  environmental  risk
__label__environmentmonitoring and  health  literature.  this  is  because  pm  poses  one  of  the  greatest  risks  to  human  health  .  the  indoor  environment  is  a  critical  domain  where  an  average  person  spends  an  estimated  90  of  his  or  her  time  .  thus,  indoor  air  pollution  is  more  likely  to  account  for  total  population  exposure  than  pollution  from  the  outdoor  environment  .  while  individuals  are  spending  more  and  more  time  indoors,  an  assessment  of  the  health  impact  of  indoor  air  pollution  has  not  been  studied  as  extensively  as  the  impact  of  outdoor  air  pollutants.  one  of  the  main  reasons  for  this  is  the  lack
__label__environmentmonitoring of  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  information  .  there  are  primary  indoor  air  pollutants,  which  are  recommended  based  on  the  eu  2008  directive  for  clean  air  and  the  who  .  they  are  schematically  listed  as  benzene,  formaldehyde,  naphthalene,  nitrogen  dioxide,  polycyclic  aromatic  hydrocarbon,  radon,  trichloroethylene,  and  tetrachloroethylene.  in  the  research  community  of  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  and  assessment,  particulate  matter,  carbon  dioxide,  carbon  monoxide,  ozone,  nitrogen  oxide,  formaldehyde,  benzene,  total  volatile  organic  compound  tvoc,  polycyclic  aromatic  hydrocarbon,  and  other  vocs  have  been  extensively  studied  ,  .  most  workspaces  or  industrial  environments  still  apply  traditional  measuring  strategies  to  assess  occupational  health  and
__label__environmentmonitoring safety.  these  strategies  are  mainly  based  on  the  epa  compendium  of  methods  and  the  international  organization  for  standardization  iso  method,  which  rely  on  complex  sampling  and  analysis  techniques.  these  methods,  such  as  method10a  and  ip3a,  require  domain  experts  to  prepare  diffusive  or  passive  samplers  and  are  frequently  replaced  with  new  ones  due  to  the  limited  equipment  lifespan.  subsequently,  the  collected  samplers  are  separated  by  gas  chromatography  and  measured  by  massselective  detector  or  multidetector  techniques  in  a  remote  laboratory  .  moreover,  to  measure  multiple  pollutants,  the  equipment  for  each  pollutant  has  to  be  prepared  or  bought  from  different  manufacturers,  which  can
__label__environmentmonitoring lead  to  issues  about  data  manipulation  and  integration.  these  aforementioned  elements  of  the  traditional  measuring  strategy  restrict  the  sampling  time  to  a  shortterm  basis  .  as  indoor  air  quality  varies  from  time  to  time  due  to  changes  in  working  conditions,  human  activity,  and  weather  conditions,  short  term  sampling  cannot  cover  all  kinds  of  variations.  therefore,  longterm  monitoring  has  become  a  need  in  the  research  community  and  practical  applications  such  as  occupational  safety  and  health  osh  management.  the  rapid  development  of  iot  and  sensor  techniques  enables  light,  lowcost,  and  realtime  pollution  monitoring  solutions.  the  integration  of  iot  and  the  sensor  network
__label__environmentmonitoring in  air  quality  monitoring  addresses  the  aforementioned  gaps:  shortterm  monitoring  and  complex  air  monitoring  solutions.  recent  studies  on  the  development  of  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  systems  have  been  undertaken  on  pm,  carbon  dioxide  co2,  co,  and  voc.  moreover,  iotbased  indoor  air  monitoring  devices  such  as  foobot  and  airvisual  are  already  commercially  available  on  the  market.  as  noted  previously,  there  is  a  growing  interest  in  measuring  pape  at  the  individual  level.  at  present,  there  is  a  wide  range  of  lowcost  sensor  technologies  that  can  be  leveraged  to  implement  large  scale  monitoring  networks  by  means  of  complex  measurement  techniques  .  pape  requires
__label__environmentmonitoring tracking  of  a  persons  activity  patterns  to  learn  the  time  and  location  of  their  exposure  to  pollution  concentrations  as  well  as  the  duration  of  exposure  and  nature  of  the  pollutants.  this  is  necessary  to  understand  the  probable  effects  on  health  of  the  exposure  .  the  different  pape  measurement  techniques  that  have  been  developed  in  the  last  decade  can  be  grouped  into  three  categories.  the  first  group  is  the  traditional  method  in  which  pollution  data  are  collected  from  fixedsite  outdoor  monitors  and  assigned  to  the  home  address  of  the  individual  through  spatial  interpolation  techniques.  examples  include  land  use  regression  lur  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring inverse  distance  interpolation  ,  and  the  geostatistical  kriging  algorithm  .  numerical  models,  such  as  the  community  multiscale  air  quality  cmaq  model  and  the  urban  atmospheric  dispersion  model  daumod,  were  proposed  for  regional  air  pollution  modeling  prediction  in  previous  studies  .  however,  the  expensive  computational  cost  and  failure  to  capture  pollution  variability  make  them  inadequate  for  the  application  of  modeling  in  real  time  in  urban  areas  where  there  are  severe  photochemical  pollution  conditions.  graz  lagrangian  model  gral  is  another  advanced  mathematical  model  that  can  handle  the  motion  of  pollution  in  buildings  and  complex  terrains  .  a  major  drawback  of  these  types
__label__environmentmonitoring of  models,  however,  is  the  need  to  have  accurate  information  about  emissions,  meteorological  data,  and  the  structural  and  geographical  figures  of  the  area,  which  may  not  always  be  available  in  high  resolution  .  while  the  performance  of  the  spatial  interpolation  methods  may  significantly  drop  in  dynamic  terrains  such  as  in  urban  environments,  they  have  still  been  used  widely  in  recent  studies  ,  of  areas  where  the  detailed  information  needed  for  complex  numerical  models  e.g.,  streetbased  monitoring  is  still  unavailable.  in  summary,  these  methods  are  inadequate,  as  they  do  not  address  the  issue  of  the  individuals  spatiotemporal  pape  variability  and  neglect
__label__environmentmonitoring indoor  air  pollution.  accordingly,  this  has  led  researchers  to  explore  new  techniques  that  can  provide  more  accurate  measures  of  pape.  the  second  group  of  techniques,  which  is  built  on  the  traditional  method  but  addresses  the  issue  of  exposure  variability,  takes  into  account  the  activity  patterns  by  tracking  an  individuals  location.  it  incorporates  indoor  pollution  data  based  on  the  amount  of  time  spent  indoors.  a  commonly  used  indoor  pollution  measurement  method  is  the  indoor/outdoor  ratio  .  other  techniques,  such  as  modeling  based  on  data  from  vehicle  type  and  emissions  have  also  been  proposed  .  with  respect  to  activity  tracking,  different  tools
__label__environmentmonitoring have  been  used  in  studies  to  track  the  location  and  activity  patterns  of  an  individual.  these  include  global  positioning  systems  gps  ,  public  wifi  networks  ,  and  accelerometers  .  a  common  characteristic  shared  by  these  activity  tracking  tools  is  the  use  of  a  mobile  device,  particularly  a  smartphone.  this  mobile  technology  has  proved  to  be  an  enabling  tool  in  the  health  industry  with  its  ability  to  access  data  anytime  from  anywhere  .  although  this  group  of  pape  measurement  techniques  is  an  improvement  from  the  first  group,  it  still  faces  the  issue  of  pollution  variability  and  measurement  accuracy  with  its  reliance
__label__environmentmonitoring on  fixedsite  outdoor  monitors  and  indoor/outdoor  ratios  alone  .  the  last  group  of  techniques  stems  from  the  two  previously  discussed  groups  but  further  captures  the  issue  of  indoor  pollution  measurement  accuracy  and  the  spatiotemporal  resolutions  of  data  from  fixedsite  outdoor  monitors.  the  periodic  measurements  by  these  fixedsite  outdoor  monitors  by  nature  have  low  spatial  resolution  and  do  not  address  the  issue  of  variability  in  pollution  concentration  .  since  the  indoor  environment  has  a  much  greater  impact  on  human  health  than  the  outdoor  environment  ,  it  is  essential  to  have  solutions  that  can  provide  more  accurate  measures  of  indoor  air  pollution
__label__environmentmonitoring instead  of  employing  the  traditional  method  of  using  the  indoor/outdoor  ratio.  personal  exposure  measurements  can  be  performed  directly  and  indirectly  .  passive  samplers  are  widely  used  in  personal  sampling,  since  they  have  the  merits  of  being  light,  electricityfree,  and  wearable.  passive  samplers  exist  for  nitrogen  dioxide,  carbon  monoxide,  voc,  ozone,  sulfur  dioxide,  and  formaldehyde  .  due  to  sampler  lifespan,  the  sampling  time  usually  lasts  from  a  few  days  up  to  one  week  .  on  the  other  hand,  using  a  microenvironmental  model  is  an  indirect  way  of  assessing  personal  exposure.  in  daily  life,  people  move  around  and  are  exposed  to  various
__label__environmentmonitoring levels  of  pollutants  in  various  locations.  the  term  microenvironment  is  defined  as  a  chunk  of  air  space  with  a  homogeneous  pollutant  concentration  .  such  a  microenvironment  can  be  an  indoor  location  bedroom,  kitchen,  etc.  or  workplace  location  meeting  room,  office,  printing  room,  etc..  the  spatiotemporal  individual  timeactivity  crossing  in  microenvironments  is  tracked  through  questionnaires  or  timeactivity  diaries  tads.  the  key  to  measuring  individual  pollution  exposure  is  to  track  an  individuals  activities  in  both  the  space  and  time  dimensions.  gps  technology  is  the  ideal  technology,  and  it  has  been  used  successfully  for  this  purpose.  some  welldesigned  integrations  of  gps  devices  and
__label__environmentmonitoring portable  pollution  monitors  have  been  proposed  by  some  studies  ,  to  determine  the  potential  exposure  at  the  individual  level.  however,  in  indoor  environments,  gps  technology  does  not  function  as  well  as  it  does  outdoors.  therefore,  more  extensive  approaches  have  been  developed  such  as  the  use  of  mobile  sensors  i.e.,  handheld,  usbpluggable  smartphone  sensors,  wearable  sensors  to  monitor  pape  indoors.  studies  ,  that  have  included  this  group  of  pape  measurement  techniques  have  managed  to  address  the  most  relevant  issues  of  pollution  variability  by  employing  mobile  sensors.  beacon  technology  offers  a  promising  solution  for  indoor  location  tracking.  furthermore,  the  use  of  indoor
__label__environmentmonitoring monitors  instead  of  mobile  sensors,  which  are  often  used  in  similar  studies,  eliminates  the  inconvenience  of  carrying  a  device  around.  the  use  of  an  indoor  monitor  and  ebeacons  also  enables  unobtrusive  and  lowcost  collection  of  pollution  data  for  multiple  individuals,  in  contrast  to  a  mobile  sensor,  which  only  collects  data  for  a  single  individual.  although  continuous  technological  advancements  have  enabled  researchers  to  propose  solutions  that  provide  measures  of  pape,  the  issue  about  the  cost  and  scalability  of  such  methods  remains  to  be  addressed.  the  most  recent  approach,  as  discussed  in  the  third  group  of  pape  measurement  techniques,  employs  mobile  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring that  the  individual  carries  around.  although  these  mobile  sensors  are  able  to  provide  better  spatial  resolution  of  pollution  data,  the  willingness  of  individuals  to  carry  these  sensors  is  still  a  challenge,  in  addition  to  the  cost  and  scalability  issues  of  the  method.  the  tradeoff  between  cost  and  quality  of  pollution  data  continues  to  be  a  point  of  discussion  among  studies.  the  proposed  pape  measurement  techniques  that  are  currently  available  in  the  literature  are  limited  to  pape  estimation  alone  and,  therefore,  fail  to  provide  a  more  comprehensive  view  of  the  entire  aqdss.  thus,  there  is  an  opportunity  to  further  explore  the
__label__environmentmonitoring use  of  existing  technologies  to  enable  the  development  of  a  more  comprehensive  pape  measurement  technique  that  is  able  to  provide  a  preventive,  predictive,  and  personalized  system.  within  similar  studies  on  the  measurement  of  pape,  there  are  some  proposed  conceptual  frameworks  ,  and  system  architectures  ,  .  however,  they  are  centered  primarily  on  pape  measurement  and  the  potential  health  impacts.  in  this  paper,  we  present  a  comprehensive  framework  that  encompasses  not  only  pape  measurement  but  provides  a  holistic  view  of  the  entire  aqdss.  as  a  proof  of  concept  for  this  framework,  we  also  develop  a  lowcost  and  unobtrusive  iot  application  for
__label__environmentmonitoring measuring  pape  that  addresses  the  gaps  in  the  currently  available  solutions.  shows  the  proposed  framework  for  an  aqdss.  there  are  three  key  stakeholders  identified,  namely  the  individual,  the  healthcare  industry,  and  the  government.  the  three  pillars  at  the  center  represent  the  elements  that  are  directly  linked  to  the  government.  they  include  pollution  laws,  sectorial  regulations,  and  incentives,  all  of  which  make  up  the  air  quality  monitoring  policies  of  the  government.  proposed  framework  for  the  air  quality  decision  support  system  aqdss.  as  pointed  out  previously,  these  government  regulations  play  an  important  role,  as  they  largely  support  and  drive  policies  that  enable
__label__environmentmonitoring the  measurement  and  access  to  air  quality  data.  the  other  two  stakeholders  are  the  individuals  and  the  healthcare  sector,  which  form  the  apex  of  the  framework.  they  are  supported  by  five  layers  of  activities,  as  illustrated  by  the  pillars  on  both  sides.  the  first  three  on  the  left  correspond  to  the  analysis  of  past  data  to  estimate  pape  and  their  related  health  impacts.  the  two  pillars  on  the  right  represent  future  possibilities  of  forecasting  pape  and  the  associated  health  risks.  although  the  estimation  of  pape  is  fundamental  to  the  entire  aqdss,  its  associations  with  forecasting  and  as  a  predictive  health
__label__environmentmonitoring risk  assessment  system  are  noteworthy.  air  quality  forecasting  techniques  are  already  being  explored  in  current  research  ,  in  environmental  modeling  literature,  where  their  important  contributions  to  the  development  of  control  measures  to  prevent  damage  to  human  health  have  been  highlighted.  this  proposed  framework  can  be  adopted  to  aid  in  the  development  of  an  aqdss  and  various  iot  applications.  for  instance,  consider  a  mobile  application  that  allows  an  individual  to  select  the  best  route  to  travel  from  home  to  work  that  minimizes  the  risk  to  pollution  exposure.  this  could  be  achieved  by  employing  different  modeling  techniques  to  continuously  analyze  realtime  air
__label__environmentmonitoring quality  data  and  forecast  pape  values  for  each  of  the  possible  routes  to  the  destination.  actual  pape  data  that  are  stored  in  the  database  can  also  be  used  for  epidemiological  studies  and  air  quality  policy  development.  this  could  be  one  of  the  applications  of  the  proposed  framework  when  all  identified  pillars  are  fully  employed.  in  this  paper,  however,  as  a  proof  of  concept,  we  focus  mainly  on  pape  measurement  pillar  2  in  accordance  with  the  system  architecture  that  is  illustrated  on  the  base  of  the  framework.  in  order  to  manage  sensor  data  in  an  interoperable  way,  this  implementation  considers  the
__label__environmentmonitoring web  service  description  language  provided  by  the  sensor  observation  service  v2.1  sos  from  the  sosogc  consortium.  this  standard  defines  a  web  service  interface  which  allows  observation  queries,  sensor  metadata,  as  well  as  representations  of  observed  features.  furthermore,  this  standard  defines  a  means  to  register  new  sensors  and  to  remove  existing  ones.  also,  it  defines  operations  to  insert  new  sensor  observations.  the  feasibility  was  assessed  through  the  developed  case  study.  as  indicated  in  the  framework,  the  base  shows  the  set  of  activities  that  are  related  to  the  gathering  and  management  of  all  air  quality  and  personal  data.  this  groundwork  is  required
__label__environmentmonitoring for  the  entire  system  to  function.  there  are  five  different  sources  of  data.  they  are  the  s1  outdoor  pollution  monitors,  s2  location  tracking  application,  s3  indoor  pollution  monitors,  s4  ebeacons,  and  s5  meteorological  monitors.  s1  and  s2  are  intended  for  outdoor  pollution  modeling,  and  s3  and  s4  are  for  indoor  pollution  modeling.  we  also  consider  meteorological  data,  as  they  are  relevant  for  air  quality  prediction  studies  ,  .  the  data  are  extracted  from  the  mentioned  data  sources  and  stored  in  a  database  management  system.  data  mining,  numerical  modeling,  and  geostatistics,  as  shown  in  the  center  of  the  framework  are  the
__label__environmentmonitoring key  activities  that  support  the  entire  system,  as  it  is  a  continuous  process  to  discover  and  analyze  spatiotemporal  data.  there  are  essentially  three  elements  to  consider  when  measuring  pape.  they  are  1  outdoor  pollution,  2  indoor  pollution,  and  3  the  individuals  location  pattern.  with  respect  to  the  outdoor  pollution,  the  mobilephonebased  tracking  app  provides  the  time  and  location  data  of  the  individual  in  the  outdoor  environment.  an  outdoor  pollution  map  is  created  by  using  potentially  different  strategies,  such  as  numericalmodelingbased  dispersion  models  ,  ,  big  data,  machinelearningbased  models  ,  ,  geostatisticbased  techniques,  like  kriging  ,  .  each  of  these  techniques
__label__environmentmonitoring has  its  specific  advantages  and  limitations,  and  its  consideration  in  a  specific  application  will  support  its  choice.  actually,  the  latest  family  of  methods  has  specific  advantages,  as  it  is  suitable  for  working  with  the  fixed  network  of  pollution  stations  the  city  has  implemented.  indeed,  it  also  deals  with  the  limitations  of  sparse  data,  as  data  fusion  can  increase  the  reliability  of  data  as  well  as  it  can  contribute  to  dealing  with  local  effects  like  street  canyons,  etc.,  by  using  the  street  granularitybased  iot  air  quality  stations  some  cities  are  deploying,  such  as  airbox  in  taipei  and  array  of  things  aot
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  boxes  in  chicago  .  for  the  duration  of  time  that  an  individual  is  outdoors,  the  corresponding  pollution  data  are  estimated  by  superimposing  the  developed  outdoor  pollution  map  over  the  collected  location  pattern  data.  for  the  indoor  pollution,  the  ebeacons  indicate  the  period  when  the  individual  is  indoors,  and  the  indoor  air  quality  monitors  provide  the  corresponding  air  quality  data,  when  available.  failing  this,  outdoor  information  will  be  used  by  default.  the  integration  of  personal  mobiles  and  fixed  ebeacons  located  in  different  indoor  microenvironments  enables  the  individuals  timelocation  information  to  be  understood.  the  corresponding  timelocation  knowledge  combined  with  locationspecific  indoor
__label__environmentmonitoring air  quality  information  collected  from  air  monitoring  devices  can  provide  a  detailed  picture  of  personal  exposure  in  the  indoor  environment.  both  outdoor  and  indoor  data  are  then  integrated,  and  statistical  modeling  techniques  are  employed  to  either  estimate  or  forecast  the  individuals  pape.  in  order  to  assess  the  feasibility  of  the  proposed  iot  application  that  measures  pape  and  contributes  to  empowering  users  because  of  the  relevant  figures  provided  at  the  personal  level,  we  conducted  a  case  study  to  analyze  significant  functionalities.  the  study  area  was  the  city  of  madrid,  which  is  the  capital  of  spain,  as  well  as  its  largest  municipality.
__label__environmentmonitoring it  was  the  first  city  in  spain  to  have  air  quality  monitoring  stations  and  has  always  been  at  the  forefront  of  the  fight  against  air  pollution.  in  response  to  the  most  recent  eu  directive  directive  2008/50/ec  regarding  the  establishment  of  limits  to  major  air  pollutants,  the  madrid  government  has  committed  to  maintaining  acceptable  pollution  levels  by  continuous  air  quality  monitoring.  the  madrid  air  pollution  monitoring  network  consists  of  24  fixedsite  outdoor  monitors  .  the  hourly  averaged  measurements  of  so  ,  co,  no,  no  ,  pm  ,  pm  ,  c  h  ,  toluene  c  h  ch  ,  hexane  c  h  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring propene  c  h  ,  mxylene,  oxylene,  and  methane  ch  hydrocarbons  can  be  downloaded  free  of  charge  from  the  official  open  data  website  of  the  ayuntamiento  de  madrid  .  meteorological  data,  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  ultraviolet  radiation,  pressure,  solar  radiation,  rainfall,  precipitation,  diffuse  solar  radiation,  global  radiation,  wind  speed,  and  wind  direction  can  also  be  accessed  through  the  website  of  the  agencia  estatal  de  meteorologia  .  air  quality  monitoring  network  of  madrid.  in  this  case  study,  s1,  s2,  s3,  and  s4  data  sources  were  used  and  meteorological  data  were  excluded  see  .  we  had  one  individual  volunteer  whose  activities  were  monitored
__label__environmentmonitoring during  the  study  period.  for  this  particular  case,  madrid  does  not  yet  implement  the  streetbased  pollution  monitoring  strategy,  but  based  on  similar  studies  ,  ,  the  research  team  adopted  the  geostatisticsbased  approach,  as  it  becomes  linear  scalable  with  time  and  is  suitable  for  integrating  additional  data  sources.  therefore,  outdoor  pollution  figures  were  downloaded  from  the  mentioned  open  data  website  of  madrid  city  hall.  for  location  tracking,  we  used  the  mobile  app  moves  in  which  time,  location,  and  activity  were  accessed  through  an  open  application  programming  interface  api.  other  similar  open  source  mobile  apps  are  widely  available,  such  as  owntracks  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring miataru  ,  and  geo2tag  .  for  the  indoor  pollution,  foobot  indoor  monitors  were  used.  one  of  them  was  placed  in  the  individuals  workplace,  as  this  is  where  she  spends  most  of  her  indoor  time.  the  indoor  pollution  data  were  retrieved  from  foobots  api  .  the  ebeacon  devices  were  placed  in  proximity  to  the  indoor  monitors.  they  helped  us  to  determine  whether  the  individual  was  within  the  indoor  vicinity.  the  ebeacon  data  were  broadcasted  through  eddystone,  an  opensource  beacon  format,  and  were  retrieved  through  an  app  that  we  developed  in  cordova  a  free  and  opensource  platform  for  building  mobile  applications.  all
__label__environmentmonitoring of  these  data  sources  promote  the  scalability  of  the  proposed  iot  application,  as  most  are  publicly  available  without  charge.  the  only  costs  incurred  were  for  the  indoor  monitor  and  ebeacons.  ebeacons,  however,  are  lowcost,  small  enough  to  attach  to  any  surface,  and  are  finding  an  increasing  number  of  locationbased  applications  in  various  industries  such  as  retail  and  transportation  as  well  as  in  households  .  hence,  beacon  technology  offers  a  promising  solution  for  indoor  location  tracking.  all  data  that  were  collected  from  the  mentioned  data  sources  were  processed  as  indicated  in  the  data  in  brief  collection  documents  that  were  submitted  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  journal  for  this  paper.  the  developed  code  can  be  also  found  in  a  public  repository  .  the  selection  of  the  pollutants  used  for  the  pape  estimation  was  based  primarily  on  the  data  provided  by  the  devices,  which  also  agreed  with  the  data  on  the  most  common  air  pollutants  that  have  been  widely  studied  previously  ,  .  shows  the  available  pollutants  for  each  of  the  data  sources  used.  available  pollutants  for  each  data  source.  existing  studies  of  pape  essentially  rely  on  modeling  techniques  in  which  data  collected  from  fixedsite  outdoor  monitors  are  used  to  estimate  pollution  at  specific  geographic  locations.
__label__environmentmonitoring to  create  an  outdoor  pollution  map,  there  are  several  alternative  methods.  these  include  using  micro  meteorological  numericalbased  models  wrf,  cmaq,  etc.  ,  or  machinelearningbased  models  .  however,  for  the  sake  of  simplicity  and  considering  the  computational  costs  and  the  number  of  potential  users,  we  adopted  some  classical  but  still  costeffective  approaches  like  the  inverse  distance  weighting  idw,  simple  kriging,  ordinary  kriging,  and  cokriging  algorithms.  shows  the  formulae  and  main  characteristics  of  these  techniques  in  which  is  the  measured  value  at  the  prediction  location,  is  the  weight  of  the  measured  value  at  the  ith  location,  and  is  the  measured  value  at
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ith  location.  the  parameters  that  were  tuned  are  also  indicated  in  the  table.  techniques  used  for  outdoor  pollution  modeling.  all  three  methods  estimate  the  value  at  a  particular  location  by  assigning  a  weight  of  the  surrounding  known  values  and  calculating  the  weighted  sum  of  the  data.  these  techniques  differ  mainly  in  the  calculation  of  the  assigned  weight  .  kriging,  which  is  a  geostatistical  method,  offers  advantages  over  other  interpolation  techniques,  as  it  provides  an  interpolation  error  estimate,  and  it  is  an  exact  interpolation.  the  interpolations  are  based  on  weights  that  do  not  depend  on  data  values  .  the  advantages
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  deterministic  interpolation  technique  idw,  on  the  other  hand,  are  that  it  is  simple,  intuitive,  and  computes  the  interpolated  values  quickly  .  we  created  the  outdoor  pollution  map  by  employing  these  three  interpolation  techniques  in  r,  an  opensource  statistical  modeling  software.  optimal  parameters  and  model  selection  in  order  to  select  the  optimal  parameters  and  the  best  modeling  technique  for  each  of  the  hourly  outdoor  pollution  datasets,  a  5fold  cross  validation  was  performed  to  avoid  overfitting.  for  each  of  the  24hourly  datasets  and  each  of  the  three  modeling  techniques  and  all  combinations  of  their  respective  parameters,  the  selection  of  optimal
__label__environmentmonitoring values  was  based  on  the  rootmeansquarederror  rmse  metric.  the  dataset  was  separated  into  two  parts,  training  and  testing,  which  were  used  to  fit  the  model  and  calculate  errors,  respectively.  the  parameters  and  the  model  that  provided  the  least  rmse  were  selected.  for  the  simple  and  ordinary  kriging  techniques,  the  weights  were  derived  by  fitting  a  covariance  function  or  variogram.  first,  a  graph  of  the  empirical  variogram  was  plotted  and  a  model  was  fitted  to  the  points  based  on  this  plot.  shows  the  different  models  and  functions  from  which  to  choose  when  fitting  a  model  to  the  empirical  variogram.  based  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  5fold  cross  validation,  the  gaussian  model  was  selected  as  the  optimal  configuration.  available  pollutants  for  each  data  source.  d  distance  between  two  locations,  yintercept,  range.  outdoor  pollution  map  similar  to  ,  an  hourly  outdoor  pollution  map  was  created  that  was  based  on  the  identified  optimal  parameters  and  modeling  technique  for  each  respective  hour.  shows  an  example  of  the  pollution  maps  based  on  the  pm  pollution  data  on  20170324.  it  shows  that,  from  midnight  to  the  morning  at  around  6:00,  the  highest  pollution  levels  consistently  occurred  in  the  southwestern  part  of  the  city  and  moved  towards  the  north  with  maximum
__label__environmentmonitoring levels  that  ranged  from  8  to  12  g/m  .  concurrently,  high  pollution  levels  were  also  experienced  in  the  northwestern  part  of  the  city  at  midnight  and  in  the  northeastern  part  at  01:00  in  the  morning.  cokriging  interpolation  of  pm  on  24  march  2017.  the  selection  of  time  frequency  hourlybased  in  this  case  also  impacts  the  accuracy,  depending  on  how  spiky  the  pollution  looks.  in  madrid,  the  pollution  sources  are  strongly  related  to  traffic  and  then  variations  are  smooth  .  therefore,  hourlybased  frequency  is  a  rather  convenient  basis  for  calculations.  the  main  data  sources  used  to  model  the  indoor  pollution  were
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ebeacons  and  indoor  monitor.  the  timestamps  recorded  from  the  ebeacons  provide  the  time  when  the  individual  was  detected  indoors.  in  this  study,  we  refer  to  indoor  as  the  work  location,  since  the  indoor  monitor  was  only  present  at  the  individuals  workplace.  the  outdoor  environment,  on  the  other  hand,  refers  to  any  other  location  outside  the  workplace.  to  obtain  the  corresponding  pollution  values  during  these  periods,  each  of  these  timestamps  was  matched  to  the  closest  timestamp  logged  from  the  foobot  device.  as  illustrated  in  ,  the  pollution  values  were  then  aggregated  in  time  periods  based  on  equation  on  the  assumption
__label__environmentmonitoring that,  if  the  difference  between  two  sequential  timestamps  recorded  on  the  ebeacons  was  more  than  10  min,  the  individual  was  outdoors  and  a  new  indoor  period  would  start.  for  instance,  in  ,  from  20170324  at  14:37:46  to  20170324  at  14:44:59,  the  pollution  levels  were  aggregated,  since  the  timestamp  immediately  following  20170324  at  14:44:59  is  20170324  at  14:59:00  and  the  difference  is  longer  than  10  min.  therefore,  during  the  period  between  20170324  at  14:44:59  and  20170324  at  14:59:00,  the  individual  was  outdoors  and  the  new  indoor  period  resumed  at  20170324  14:59:00.  aggregation  of  indoor  pollution  values.  similarly,  microenvironments  office,  printing  room,
__label__environmentmonitoring meeting  room  in  the  workplace  could  be  replicated  by  deploying  ebeacons  and  air  monitoring  devices  in  all  available  microenvironments.  the  pape  exposurep  in  period  p  inhaled  by  the  individual  was  calculated  by  multiplying  the  pollution  value  szp  by  the  respective  minute  ventilation  ve  value  using  equation  .  where  mins,  and  is  the  fully  aggregated  pollution  value  during  the  period  from  time  to  .  this  period  is  named  p  .  where  ver  ve  for  activity  type  run;  vew  ve  for  activity  type  walk;  vert  ve  for  activity  types  rest  and  transport;  vec  ve  for  activity  type  cycle.  the  individuals  location  was
__label__environmentmonitoring tracked  through  the  moves  mobile  application.  the  recorded  data  from  this  tracking  app  include  the  starting  and  ending  times,  latitude,  longitude,  and  activity  type,  as  shown  in  .  to  obtain  the  corresponding  pollution  values  for  these  periods,  the  time  and  location  records  were  matched  against  the  interpolated  values  from  the  created  outdoor  pollution  map.  the  resulting  outdoor  pollution  data  were  then  matched  against  the  aggregated  indoor  pollution  values  in  ,  in  which  the  outdoor  data  were  replaced  by  the  corresponding  indoor  data.  data  from  tracking  app.  shows  the  resulting  individuals  indoor  and  outdoor  pape  values  for  pm  with  the  respective
__label__environmentmonitoring period  i.e.,  starting  and  ending  times,  location  i.e.,  longitude  and  latitude,  environment  type  i.e.,  indoor  or  outdoor,  activity  type  i.e.,  transport,  rest,  walk,  run,  cycle,  and  minute  ventilation  ve.  the  pape  values  are  indicated  in  its  last  column  exposure.  integrated  indoor  and  outdoor  personal  air  pollution  exposure  pape.  ve  m  /min  measures  the  volume  of  gas  inhaled  by  an  individual.  it  varies  with  the  type  of  activity.  the  type  of  activity  or  travel  mode  may  have  a  significant  effect  on  the  exposure  values  ,  and,  hence,  it  is  important  to  account  for  ve.  we  obtained  the  ve  values  from  a
__label__environmentmonitoring study  done  by  on  human  inhalation  rates.  the  types  of  activities  in  the  tracking  app  include  transport,  walk,  run,  and  cycle  and  are  based  primarily  on  the  speed  of  movement  of  the  individual.  in  this  study,  for  the  time  periods  that  lack  one  of  these  types  of  activity  data,  we  assumed  that  the  individual  was  at  rest  i.e.,  sleeping,  sitting,  etc..  since  ve  is  based  primarily  on  the  body  movement  of  the  individual,  we  used  the  same  ve  values  for  both  activity  types  transport  and  rest.  to  illustrate  a  possible  iot  application  ,  that  can  be  developed  using  the  proposed
__label__environmentmonitoring framework,  we  identified  different  travel  routes  and  their  corresponding  forecasted  pape  values  that  give  the  individual  an  opportunity  to  select  a  travel  route  that  minimizes  the  risk  of  exposure  to  pollution.  as  an  example,  we  selected  an  entry  in  for  the  time  period  12:04:30  to  12:23:44  on  24  march  2017,  in  which  the  individual  was  outdoors  and  in  transport  mode.  during  this  selected  period,  by  using  the  starting  and  ending  location  data  that  the  tracking  app  provided,  we  identified  alternative  routes  using  the  ggmap  package  in  r.  from  this  package,  the  estimated  travel  time  and  route  locations  i.e.,  latitude  and
__label__environmentmonitoring longitude  were  obtained.  then,  based  on  these  specific  time  and  location  data,  the  corresponding  pollution  values  were  taken  from  the  previously  interpolated  outdoor  pollution  values.  the  adopted  modeling  technique  based  on  geostatistics  ,  using  hourlybased  data  from  the  fixed  network  of  pollution  stations  can  be  interpolated  by  using  different  techniques,  and  criteria  for  technique  selection  is  needed.  therefore,  a  cross  validation  with  the  leave  out  strategy  was  adopted.  based  on  the  5fold  cross  validation  performed  for  each  of  the  three  modeling  techniques,  among  the  24  hourly  datasets  of  pm  captured  on  34  march  2017,  the  simple  kriging  technique  proved  to
__label__environmentmonitoring be  the  best  model  with  a  selection  occurrence  of  13,  followed  by  the  ordinary  kriging  with  10,  cokriging  with  7,  and  idw  with  1,  out  of  24  datasets.  our  results  agree  with  previous  studies  such  as  ,  where  simple  kriging  outperformed  cokriging,  and  ,  in  which  simple  kriging  turned  out  to  be  the  best  model  for  estimating  no  and  pm  .  it  can  be  argued  that  some  local  effects  like  turbulence  around  buildings,  roughness  of  constructions,  and  some  other  aspects  impact  the  accuracy  of  the  estimation.  the  techniques  used  in  such  dimensions  can  be  those  related  to  the  integration  of
__label__environmentmonitoring meteorological,  chemical  and  transportation  numerical  modeling  wrf  and  cmaq  models,  with  the  limitations  of  being  able  to  precisely  estimate  the  boundary  conditions  as  well  as  to  properly  model  the  city  configuration  buildings,  trees,  surface  properties,  etc..  when  running  with  high  spatial  resolution,  they  produce  good  results,  although  the  quality  is  slightly  reduced  and  numerical  stability  becomes  an  issue  .  another  potential  contribution  could  be  to  use  artificialintelligencebased  models  to  estimate  pollution  levels.  in  these  fields,  the  authors  have  already  made  significant  contributions.  actually,  some  papers  have  shown  the  competitive  advantage  of  these  methods  over  those  based  on  numerical  simulations.  however,
__label__environmentmonitoring to  keep  the  implementation  interoperable  and  extendable,  interpolation  was  finally  adopted,  because  it  can  easily  be  enriched  with  the  data  fusion  option  based  on  iotbased,  street  level  pollution  sensors.  to  validate  the  fully  aggregated  indoor  pollution  values  szp  obtained  from  the  indoor  monitor  and  ebeacon  devices,  they  were  matched  against  the  pollution  data  that  were  measured  simultaneously  during  the  study  period  using  a  portable  air  pollution  monitoring  tool  atmotube  that  was  carried  by  the  individual.  shows  the  indoor  voc  values  measured  from  the  atmotube  and  the  foobot  monitor  on  20170331.  it  can  be  seen  that  there  is  significant  measurement  variance
__label__environmentmonitoring between  the  two  devices.  nevertheless,  the  measured  values  follow  the  same  trend.  there  is  no  consistent  air  quality  index  aqi  provided  for  comparing  the  pollution  values  measured  by  each  device.  in  agreement  with  ,  the  aqi  scales  differ  across  countries,  organizations,  and  devices,  and  this  presents  an  obstacle  for  comparison  and  invalidates  its  usability,  which  emphasizes  the  need  for  a  standardized  awareness  procedure.  indoor  voc  values  from  atmotube  and  foobot  for  20170331.  variance  in  measurements  can  be  attributed  to  the  differences  in  calibration  and  measurement  methods  that  were  used  by  these  sensors  see  .  however,  this  situation  partially  unveils  the
__label__environmentmonitoring observed  difficulties  in  getting  people  aware  of  the  real  importance  of  pollution,  as  someone  can  exhibit  different  figures  for  the  same  pollutants  at  the  same  place  and  point  in  time.  actually,  it  is  another  strong  point  to  have  a  common  framework  such  as  the  one  proposed  in  this  paper,  because  it  mainly  fosters  transparency  and  then  allows  interpolated  or  modeled  values  for  outdoor  pollution  over  time  at  a  particular  place  to  be  compared  with  local,  privately  owned  sensors  from  both  outdoor,  and  indoor  locations.  from  such  observations  where  different  local  sensors  can  indeed  participate,  a  better  understanding  about  outliers  and
__label__environmentmonitoring commonalities  and  trends  can  be  derived.  illustrates  a  color  map  of  the  average  pm  levels  g/m  for  one  day,  in  which  the  range  of  the  specific  values  is  presented  on  a  color  scale  on  the  right.  the  location  pins  indicate  the  environment,  activity  type,  time  percentage  ,  and  the  respective  amount  of  pm  g  that  the  individual  was  exposed  to  within  the  indicated  time  duration.  it  can  be  seen  that  the  individual  spent  most  of  the  day  62.78  outdoors  i.e.,  outside  the  workplace  on  the  northwest  side  of  the  city  where  the  highest  daily  average  pollution  level  of  12  g/m
__label__environmentmonitoring was  concentrated,  and  this  resulted  in  a  total  pm  exposure  of  52.7  g.  one  day  pm  exposure  per  location,  activity  type,  and  time  percentage.  shows  the  one  day  pm  exposure  levels  by  activity  type.  based  on  this  plot,  the  individual  spent  most  of  the  day  88.13  at  rest  and  was  exposed  to  approximately  70  g  of  pm  during  this  period.  pm  exposure  values  within  a  selected  time  period  on  the  same  day  are  also  plotted  in  ,  which  shows  that  the  individual  had  the  highest  pollution  exposure  at  15:32  in  the  afternoon  during  this  selected  period.  one  day  pm  exposure
__label__environmentmonitoring by  activity  type  percentage.  indoor  pm  exposure  values  across  time.  deltat  1  min.  from  this  analysis,  the  value  of  people  being  able  to  figure  out  the  distribution  of  the  total  intensity  of  pollutants  based  on  their  activity  becomes  evident,  as  this  method  can  make  them  aware  of  the  real  dimension  of  the  problem  and  avoid  classical  myths,  like  the  idea  that  most  of  the  pollution  is  acquired  outdoors  see  .  while  there  are  similar  studies  such  as  in  ,  where  the  authors  demonstrated  the  cleanest  air  routing  algorithm  for  path  navigation  by  calculating  the  pm  exposure,  they  mainly  focused  on
__label__environmentmonitoring pollution  acquired  outdoors  and  not  indoors.  since  information  is  the  key  aspect  in  having  the  opportunity  to  make  proper  decisions,  the  advantage  of  such  an  integrated  framework  that  is  able  to  integrate  not  only  outdoor  conditions  but  also  indoor  ones  when  available  becomes  more  evident.  this  can  also  have  an  impact  not  only  at  the  individual  level  by  making  everyone  aware  of  their  exposed  pollution  levels  but  at  an  aggregated  level  as  well,  because  the  public  health  dimension  is  impacted  when  buildings  are  seen  as  actionable  regarding  the  indoor  conditions.  therefore,  kpis  can  be  adopted  by  considering  the  gradient  between
__label__environmentmonitoring outdoor  and  indoor  levels  per  area  of  occupancy  of  the  buildings.  by  having  systematic  monitoring  inside,  the  management  dimension  can  be  adopted.  similar  to  ,  ,  another  nonneglectable  dimension  that  is  possible  to  consider  is  the  impact  in  terms  of  transportation  decisions.  shows  different  routes  that  one  individual  can  take  when  moving  from  one  location  to  another,  and  the  corresponding  aggregated  pollution  and  exposure  values  are  provided  in  .  these  values  were  predicted  on  the  basis  of  the  individuals  activity  data  for  24  march  2017  from  12:04:30  to  12:23:44.  the  most  frequent  one  adopted  by  the  user  was  labeled  actual,
__label__environmentmonitoring while  the  other  potential  routes  were  named  a  to  c.  alternative  travel  routes.  total  pm  and  exposure  values  of  the  different  routes..  in  this  example,  the  better  individual  route  will  is  b,  as  it  causes  the  least  amount  of  pape  at  0.769  g,  which  is  22.75  lower  than  the  actual  exposure  of  0.995  g.  however,  the  decision  process  can  be  more  complex,  because  there  will  certainly  be  some  time  duration  uncertainties,  which  will  consequently  result  in  uncertainty  about  the  total  pape  value  of  each  alternative  route.  although  most  of  the  tools  that  give  routing  solutions  for  transportation  problems  are  based
__label__environmentmonitoring on  duration,  some  of  them  have  the  capability  of  filtering  them  out  based  on  pollution  exposure  outdoors  ,  .  in  terms  of  added  value,  this  contribution  enables  alternatives  to  be  ranked  based  on  estimated  pollution  levels  both  outdoors  and  indoors,  provided  that  pollution  data  is  also  available  inside  public  transportation  modes  such  as  trains,  buses,  and  subways.  in  these  cases,  as  forecast  for  pollution  is  needed,  machinelearningbased  models  that  infer  outdoor  pollution  values  need  to  be  used.  due  to  the  lack  of  publicly  available  air  quality  information  for  other  indoor  areas  such  as  shops,  buses,  cars,  metros,  etc.,  outdoor  pollution
__label__environmentmonitoring data  from  the  fixedsite  outdoors  information  must  be  used  in  such  cases.  if  there  are  more  available  resources,  additional  monitoring  iot  devices  in  other  indoor  areas  will  provide  greater  accuracy.  in  most  cases,  good  results  demand  good  inputs,  and  existing  data  are  replaced  whenever  better  data  become  available.  quality  improvements  can  be  expected  from  those  actions.  smart  city  empowered  data  sharing  platforms  such  as  iota  tangle  would  boost  iotbased  indoor  air  quality  resource  availability.  accuracy  for  outdoor  pollution  estimation  is  another  known  limitation,  both  because  of  the  time  frequency  resolution  of  available  data  and  because  of  the  interpolation  errors.  it
__label__environmentmonitoring would  be  possible  to  implement  weather  research  and  forecasting  wrf  models  such  as  the  cmaq.  this  decision  requires  significant  effort,  not  only  because  of  using  the  appropriate  digital  elevation  model  dem  required  to  represent  the  landscape  and  building  configuration,  which  is  a  complex  task,  but  because  it  requires  the  boundary  conditions  to  be  realistic.  this  means  adopting  pressure  and  wind  speed  conditions  for  all  surfaces  external  to  the  volume  of  interest.  these  situations  need  to  be  updated  regularly  throughout  the  day,  as  environmental  conditions  change  as  well.  indeed,  numerical  stability  conditions  must  be  carefully  managed  in  this  case  as  well.
__label__environmentmonitoring for  future  applications,  the  best  solution  for  environments  will  come  from  both  the  increasing  deployment  of  dense  e.g.,  streetlevel  iotbased  air  quality  sensors  and  the  prosperity  of  the  data  sharing  platform,  which  can  increase  the  available  data  and,  consequently,  will  increase  the  accuracy.  this  paper  1  proposed  a  framework  for  an  aqdss  and  2  developed  an  iot  application  based  on  this  framework.  the  feasibility  of  the  iot  application  in  measuring  pape  was  evaluated  through  a  case  study.  in  comparison  to  mobile  sensors  that  were  used  in  previous  studies,  this  iot  application  has  higher  scalability,  because  it  involves  minimal  cost  and
__label__environmentmonitoring intrusion  to  the  individual.  this  pilot  case  study  also  presents  evidence  that  pape  can  be  estimated  by  employing  indoor  monitors  and  ebeacon  technologies  that  have  not  been  used  previously  in  similar  studies.  using  our  proposed  framework  as  a  general  guideline,  the  iot  application  that  we  developed  can  be  further  extended  to  include  prediction  models  that  will  allow  an  individual  to  make  smart  decisions  when  it  comes  to  pape  risk.  furthermore,  pape  data  obtained  from  the  application  can  be  used  in  air  quality  policy  development  as  well  as  in  epidemiological  studies  to  explore  the  correlations  of  pape  with  certain  diseases.  we
__label__environmentmonitoring faced  difficulties  during  the  extraction  and  integration  of  data  from  multiple  devices,  which  highlights  the  importance  of  choosing  the  right  technologies  to  use  when  developing  such  iot  applications.  there  was  an  observed  variance  among  the  different  devices,  which  can  be  attributed  to  device  calibration  and  the  measurement  techniques  used.  future  research  should,  therefore,  explore  these  issues  and  identify  emerging  technologies  that  permit  seamless  data  integration  and  more  accurate  pape  measurements.  the  authors  would  like  to  acknowledge  the  city  hall  of  madrid  for  the  public  data  on  air  quality.  indeed,  additional  acknowledge  is  due  to  the  spanish  agencia  estatal  de  investigacion,
__label__environmentmonitoring through  the  research  project  with  code  rti2018094614bi00  into  the  programa  estatal  de  idi  orientada  a  los  retos  de  la  sociedad.  the  conceptual  framework  was  carried  out  by  b.g.  and  j.o.m.,  while  implementation  of  software  was  carried  out  by  b.g.  technical  writing  was  carried  out  mainly  by  k.a.g.a.  and  s.s.  funding  acquisition  was  done  mainly  by  j.o.m.  financial  support  for  this  research  was  granted  by  china  scholarship  council  and  the  european  commission  through  the  eu  funded  project  under  the  rfcs  program  with  project  number  793505  4.0  lean  system  integrating  workers  and  processes  wisest.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__environmentmonitoring according  to  who,  91  of  the  worlds  population  lives  in  places  where  air  quality  exceeds  who  guideline  limits.  the  thought  of  having  a  sustainable  environment  motivates  oizom  team  to  work  towards  its  betterment.  because  we  believe  in  having  a  sustainable  development  system  where  we  do  not  degrade  our  environment  for  meeting  our  needs.  as  peter  drucker  rightly  says,  ,  monitoring  our  ambient  environment  is  critical  to  take  corrective  steps  for  its  improvement.  this  motivated  us  to  build  comprehensive  solutions  for  all  the  air  pollutionrelated  problems  which  not  only  identify  problems  but  also  suggest  feasible  solutions.  we  offer  a  comprehensive  and
__label__environmentmonitoring scalable  solution  for  realtime  environmental  data  monitoring  and  analytics.  our  sensorbased  air  monitoring  system  monitors  environmental  data  and  send  it  to  the  oizom  cloud  using  various  wired  and  wireless  connectivity.  the  data  is  made  actionable  by  performing  advanced  analytics.  the  actionable  environmental  data  can  be  published  on  various  mediums  like  web  app,  mobile  app,  public  display,  website,  reports,  alerts  etc.  oizom  provides  solution  for  complete  environmental  monitoring  of  a  smart  city.  the  solution  is  compatible  with  the  available  network  and  infrastructure  of  the  city.  the  authorities  can  access  the  data  and  create  awareness  among  the  people.  oizom  sensor  is  a
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  solution  to  empower  the  residents  of  the  society.  the  sensors  monitor  the  dust  and  noise  levels  in  the  residence  periphery.  the  data  is  dispersed  as  suggestive  actions  in  the  mobile  app  to  help  the  residents  take  datadriven  decisions.  oizom  solutions  offer  enhanced  road  safety  by  monitoring  pollution  and  weather  on  roads.  monitoring  visibility,  road  surface  temperature,  snow  on  road,  etc.  can  help  in  smoothening  traffic  flow  and  automating  ventilations  at  tunnels  and  parking  areas.  oizom  offers  odour  monitoring  around  a  municipal  solid  waste  dumpyards  or  landfills.  the  inbuilt  weather  station  monitors  odour  dispersion  even  during  high  winds.  the  inconvenience
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  restricted  by  suppressing  the  odour.  oizom  offers  a  360degree  solution  from  problem  identification  to  its  solution.  thats  why  we  not  only  provide  ambient  air  quality  monitoring  but  also  provide  the  analytics.  we  create  a  dense  network  of  data  points  at  the  target  location.  this  enables  us  to  identify  hyperlocal  problems  and  take  datadriven  decisions  for  solving  the  problem.  oizom  monitors  the  environmental  health  of  10  million  people  in  more  than  13  countries  across  3  continents  in  realtime.  oizom  has  made  ambient  air  quality  monitoring  affordable.  more  than  10  smart  cities  are  currently  monitoring  their  ambient  environment.  people  are
__label__environmentmonitoring being  aware  of  the  air  they  are  breathing  through  our  solutions.  oizoms  prime  focus  is  on  and  solutions.  are  actively  monitoring  the  environmental  conditions  of  6  smart  cities  in  india,  being  live  in  10  global  cities  like  mumbai,  delhi,  london,  tokyo,  istanbul,  and  more.  306,  indraprasth  corporate  prahladnagar,  ahmedabad  copyright  :  oizom  instruments  pvt.  ltd.
__label__environmentmonitoring low  powered  wide  area  networking  technologies  offers  long  ranges,  small  bandwidth,  and  enables  new  services.  there  are  many  solutions,  but  lorawan  is  arguably  the  most  adopted  one.  it  promises  ubiquitous  connectivity  in  outdoors  iot  applications,  while  keeping  network  structure  and  their  management  simple.  nevertheless,  the  internet  of  things  got  a  lot  of  attention  at  network  operators  and  solution  providers.  the  switch  iot  day  is  organised  as  a  workshop.  it  provides  exchange  of  knowledge  and  expertise  from  the  the  things  network  with  focus  on  the  ttnarchitecture  v3,  from  community  use  cases,  application  development,  research  activities,  and  results  from  the  industry.  in
__label__environmentmonitoring addition  to  the  we  invite  attendees  to  participate  in  use  case  sessions,  lightning  talks  and  pannel  discussions.  johan  stokking,  tech  lead,  thethingsnetwork  amsterdam,  ttnarchitecture  v3.  09:05  09:30  simon  gehren  /  kurt  baumann  rigi  1st  floor  09:35  10:30  ttn  architecture  v3  and  discussion  johann  stokking,  the  things  network  amsterdam  rigi  1st  floor  10:30  10:45  break/coffee  switch  rigi  1st  floor/cafeteria  10:50  11:20  about  spatial  distributed  and  wireless  monitoring  initiatives  in  research  reinhard  bischoff  decentlab  rigi  1st  floor  11:25  11:55  measuring  newspaper  stacks  with  lasers  mathias  vettiger  fabian  mettler  tamedia  core  engineering  rigi  1st  floor  13:50  14:50  rigi  1st  floor  14:55  15:55  rigi
__label__environmentmonitoring 1st  floor  16:00  16:15  break/coffee  switch  rigi  1st  floor/cafeteria  16:20  16:50  the  ideal  localization  of  things  martin  seneclauze  csem  rigi  1st  floor  decentlab,  founded  in  2008  and  a  spin  off  from  empa  started  by  monitoring  structural  health  of  built  infrastructure  and  successively  expanded  into  other  areas  such  as  environmental  monitoring  and  smartcity  projects.  the  presentation  will  give  an  overview  of  our  monitoring  activities  in  research  projects  over  the  last  10  years.  it  highlights  countrywide  deployments  and  long  term  research  initiatives.  the  audience  will  hear  about  most  critical  phases,  pitfalls  and  our  experiences  in  the  field.  at  tamedia,  getting  the  right
__label__environmentmonitoring amount  of  20  minuten  newspapers  into  the  hands  of  eager  readers  is  quite  important.  following  that  thought,  tamedia  developed  a  device  that  measures  the  height  of  newspaper  stacks  with  a  timeofflight  laser.  the  collected  data  is  then  sent  through  lorawan,  processed  and  displayed  in  a  consumer  frontend.  in  this  short  talk,  fabian  mettler  and  mathias  vettiger  will  speak  about  their  experience  collecting  and  processing  data  from  the  urban  wilderness  and  tell  some  stories  about  vandalism  and  a  newspaper  box  with  a  lowerable  bottom.  ocalization  has  been  a  revolution  in  many  fields  with  the  arrival  of  gps  in  the  1990s.  since
__label__environmentmonitoring then  knowing  ones  position  has  been  taken  for  granted.  for  places  and  scenarios  where  gps  could  not  be  used  both  indoor  and  outdoor,  solutions  were  not  obvious.  the  arrival  of  lora  contributed  to  partially  address  the  outdoor  issue  mainly  in  terms.  for  the  indoor,  if  lots  of  solutions  are  advertised,  none  are  reaching  the  level  of  de  facto  standard.  this  talk  will  present  difficulties  facing  the  actors  of  localization  and  implemented  solutions  the  things  network  ttn  provides  an  open  network  infrastructure  for  lorawanconnected  sensor  devices.  but  how  can  the  collected  data  be  passed  on,  e.g.  for  storage  or  analysis?  this
__label__environmentmonitoring talk  will  explain  the  basics  of  integrating  custom  and  3rdparty  web  apps  with  the  ttn  backend  server.  the  presented  mechanisms  include  mqtt,  a  messaging  protocol,  and  http  webhook  requests,  sent  by  the  backend.  we  will  also  take  a  look  at  data  formats  and  systems  architecture  tradeoffs,  to  make  dependencies  more  explicit  and  reduce  lockin  when  designing  iot  solutions.  iot  is  a  big  opportunity  to  environmental  research.  for  example  temporal  and  spatial  resolved  concentration  measurements  of  pollutants  combined  with  weather  stations  have  the  potential  to  detect  unknown  emission  sources  and  trace  the  transport  of  pollutants.  while  there  are  more  and  more
__label__environmentmonitoring small,  low  energy  sensors  available  at  affordable  prices,  signal  filtering  and  real  time  transport  of  the  data  to  the  computer  of  the  researcher  remains  to  be  a  challenge  and  is  in  many  cases  the  most  expensive  part  of  the  sensornetwork.  the  number  of  connected  things  and  devices  already  exceeds  the  population  of  switzerland  today.  new  network  technologies  are  needed  so  that  the  population  and  the  economy  can  benefit  from  the  new  opportunities.  lorawan  allows  already  today  an  easy  entry  into  the  world  of  iot.  future  technologies  such  as  5g  will  open  up  completely  new  fields  of  application.  blossoming  visions  foresee
__label__environmentmonitoring an  ubiquitous  availability  of  data  in  urban  environments  enabled  through  emerging  sensors  and  novel  transmission  technologies.  in  our  talk,  we  share  experiences  from  two  years  of  operation  of  a  lowpower  wireless  sensor  network  lpwsn  with  50  sensor  nodes  distributed  in  a  3  x  3km  urban  area,  with  70  of  the  nodes  positioned  underground  sewer  network.  in  essence  we  i  illustrate  the  scalability  of  a  lpwsns,  ii  reveal  telemetry  limitations  of  the  lorawan  standard,  iii  suggest  techniques  to  master  these  constraints,  and  iv  discuss  future  challenges  associated  with  lpwan  techniques  for  underground  infrastructure  monitoring.  slot6:  slot7:the  optimization  of  public  spaces  is
__label__environmentmonitoring integral  for  the  development  of  smart  cities.  the  internet  of  things  iot  offers  an  approach  to  evidencebased  design  that  can  guide  this  optimization  process  by  capturing  and  quantifying  human  behavior.  here,  we  propose  a  dense  sensor  network  that  is  capable  of  measuring  environmental  conditions  and  human  activity  in  a  public  space.  we  present  our  prototype  of  a  lorawanbased  sensor  network  with  more  than  1300  nodes  in  the  rietberg  museum,  zrich.  this  prototype  shows  how  human  activity  can  be  tracked  at  a  fine  scale  by  passively  sensing  the  surrounding  environment  rather  than  actively  monitoring  visitors.  slot8:the  lorawan  infrastructure  and  its  ecosystem
__label__environmentmonitoring proved  to  be  a  serious  competitor  for  traditional  low  bandwidth,  low  power  wireless  internet  access.  most  common  use  cases  focus  on  sensors  of  all  kinds,  mostly  invisible  to  the  end  user.  we  are  going  to  show  some  examples  of  lorawan  end  nodes  with  direct  user  interaction.
__label__environmentmonitoring brought  to  you  by  unobtrusive  systems  are  useful  for  monitoring  elderly  behaviour  and  detect  changes.  wearable  devices  for  ble  indoor  positioning  and  body  motility  are  energy  greedy.  digest  mode  for  data  sending  to  the  shared  repository  is  the  most  preferable  way.  linked  open  data  to  share  results  is  fundamental  in  a  smart  city  perspective.  frailty/mci  risk  detection  based  on  highlevel  geriatric  subfactors  is  effective.  a  growing  number  of  elderly  people  65  years  old  are  affected  by  particular  conditions,  such  as  mild  cognitive  impairment  mci  and  frailty,  which  are  characterized  by  a  gradual  cognitive  and  physical  decline.  early  symptoms  may  spread
__label__environmentmonitoring across  years  and  often  they  are  noticed  only  at  late  stages,  when  the  outcomes  remain  irrevocable  and  require  costly  intervention  plans.  therefore,  the  clinical  utility  of  early  detecting  these  conditions  is  of  substantial  importance  in  order  to  avoid  hospitalization  and  lessen  the  socioeconomic  costs  of  caring,  while  it  may  also  significantly  improve  elderly  peoples  quality  of  life.  this  work  deals  with  a  critical  performance  analysis  of  an  internet  of  things  aware  ambient  assisted  living  aal  system  for  elderly  monitoring.  the  analysis  is  focused  on  three  main  system  components:  i  the  citywide  data  capturing  layer,  ii  the  cloudbased  centralized  data  management
__label__environmentmonitoring repository,  and  iii  the  risk  analysis  and  prediction  module.  each  module  can  provide  different  operating  modes,  therefore  the  critical  analysis  aims  at  defining  which  are  the  best  solutions  according  to  contexts  needs.  the  proposed  system  architecture  is  used  by  the  h2020  city4age  project  to  support  geriatricians  for  the  early  detection  of  mci  and  frailty  conditions.  is  a  researcher  and  project  manager  at  the  deustotechinternet  research  group  at  deusto  foundation.  his  research  interests  include  the  analysis  of  the  behaviour  of  the  users  in  intelligent  environments  and  the  study  of  the  users  activity  and  discourse  on  social  networks.  he  received  a  phd
__label__environmentmonitoring in  computer  science  from  the  university  of  deusto.  is  working  as  a  technical  researcher  at  the  deustotechinternet  research  group  at  deusto  foundation.  he  received  his  bsc  degree  in  computer  engineering  and  intelligent  systems  in  2015  from  university  of  the  basque  country,  spain.  currently  he  is  finishing  his  msc  on  computational  engineering  and  intelligent  systems  and  preparing  his  master  thesis  about  reinforcement  learning.  his  research  interest  includes,  web  of  things,  intelligent  systems  and  machine  learning.  received  the  masters  degree  in  computer  engineering  with  honours  at  the  university  of  salento,  lecce,  italy,  in  2013.  his  thesis  concerned  the  definition  and  implementation  of
__label__environmentmonitoring a  novel  mashup  tool  for  wireless  sensor  networks  configuration.  since  november  2013  he  collaborates  with  ida  lab  identification  automation  laboratory  at  the  department  of  innovation  engineering,  university  of  salento.  his  activity  is  focused  on  the  definition  and  implementation  of  new  mashup  tools  for  managing  smart  environments  based  on  wireless  sensor  networks  and  internet  of  things.  received  the  master  of  arts  degree  in  industrial  design  from  the  belgrade  university  of  arts,  serbia,  in  2001.  he  is  the  research  development  manager  of  belit  ltd.  belgrade,  a  software  development  and  research  sme,  with  almost  two  decades  of  experience  in  development  and  deployment  of
__label__environmentmonitoring largescale  production  software  systems  in  finance,  public  administration,  ehealth,  energy  efficiency,  ip  management  protection,  and  hardware  industrial  products  medical  therapeutic  equipment,  lab  field  instrumentation,  iot  devices,  pos  terminals,  etc..  received  diploma  in  mathematics  from  faculty  of  mathematics  of  the  university  of  belgrade,  serbia,  in  2011  and  phd  in  computer  science  from  imt  lucca,  italy,  in  2017.  she  is  currently  working  as  a  software  developer  and  data  analyst  in  belit  ltd,  belgrade.  her  research  interests  encompass  health  care,  behavioural  and  wellbeing  data  analytics  and  process  reengineering  and  improvement.  received  his  ms  in  computer  engineering  from  university  of  lecce,  lecce,  italy,  in
__label__environmentmonitoring 1999  and  phd  in  innovative  materials  and  technologies  for  satellite  networks  from  isufiuniversity  of  lecce,  italy,  in  2003.  he  is  an  assistant  professor  of  computer  networks  and  internet  of  things  at  the  university  of  salento,  lecce,  italy.  his  research  interests  include  rfid,  iot,  wireless  sensor  networks,  and  embedded  systems.  he  authored  more  than  120  scientific  papers  published  in  international  journals  and  conferences.  he  has  been  organizing  chair  of  some  international  symposia  and  workshops,  technically  cosponsored  by  the  ieee  communication  society,  focused  on  internet  of  things.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.
__label__environmentmonitoring watch  the  video  above  to  see  a  breakdown  of  industrial  iot  sensor  for  remote  environmental  monitoring  please  dont  hesitate  to  contact  us  at  if  youve  got  any  questions  howdy  this  is  edward  from  valarm.  in  this  video  youll  see  how  our  customers  use  industrial  internet  of  things,  a.k.a.,  iot,  sensors  to  remotely  monitor  ,  air,  tanks,  equipment,  assets,  and  anything  thats  important  for  your  organization.  valarm  dashboards  use  the  tools.valarm.net  to  show  realtime  sensor  information  on  custom  web  dashboards.  we  made  each  of  these  dashboards  according  to  our  customers  specific  needs  and  continue  to  improve  them  as  the  customer  requests.
__label__environmentmonitoring please  dont  hesitate  to  at  infovalarm.net  and  well  help  you  with  your  remote  monitoring  needs.  lets  take  a  gander  at  dashboards  for  remote  environmental  monitoring.  once  you  log  in  you  see  an  esri  map  with  all  of  the  environmental  monitoring  units  being  monitored.  you  can  see  what  the  remote  monitoring  boxes  look  like  in  the  photo.  in  this  case,  the  units  have  dataloggers  and  sensors  made  by  and  for  monitoring  a  variety  of  air,  climate,  and  weather  conditions.  for  example,  there  are  sensors  for  temperature,  humidity,  rain  /  precipitation,  solar  radiation,  barometric  pressure,  and  fuel  moisture  since  these  units  are
__label__environmentmonitoring in  a  high  wild  risk  zone  in  .  these  units  use  gsm  mobile  cell  networks  and  solar  panel  power  to  send  sensor  information  to  .  since  tools.valarm.net  is  an  open  platform,  you  can  use  sensors  made  by  any  manufacturer  around  the  world.  this  customer  also  needed  a  custom  feature  to  map  the  fire  sensor  highs  over  a  certain  time  period,  like  24  hour  or  5  day  highs.  this  is  critical  since  everything  may  look  fine  and  dandy  right  now,  but  youd  like  to  know  if  there  was  some  risk  last  week  so  you  know  if  you  need  to  keep  an
__label__environmentmonitoring eye  on  your  remote  equipment  and  assets.  clicking  any  of  the  remote  environmental  monitoring  units  shows  you  the  latest  sensor  readings  at  that  location.  you  can  add  any  custom  calculations,  sections,  and  widgets  you  need  for  your  remote  monitoring  applications.  at  the  top  of  each  station  page,  this  customer  needed  a  custom  fire  condition  calculation  based  off  of  a  combination  of  sensor  readings.  this  tells  you  whether  its  safe  or  hazardous  to  enter  the  area.  you  see  widgets  and  graphics  for  the  latest  sensor  measurements  like  temperature,  humidity,  rain,  precipitation,  and  fire  fuel  moisture.  you  can  customize  these  as  you
__label__environmentmonitoring see  fit.  in  this  example  there  is  also  a  graph  for  daily  precipitation  where  inches  of  rain  are  reported  for  each  day.  you  can  choose  the  date  range  you  want  to  graph,  whether  its  the  last  week  or  month.  mouse  over  any  of  graphics  to  get  the  exact  values.  you  can  graph  any  of  the  sensor  values  on  a  timeline,  like  temperature  and  humidity  as  youre  seeing  here  in  the  red  and  blue  lines.  mouse  over  any  point  on  the  line,  like  lows  and  highs,  to  see  the  exact  sensor  measurement.  the  dropdown  menu  lets  you  select  what  sensor  values
__label__environmentmonitoring you  want  to  visualize  like  fuel  moisture,  system  battery  voltage,  wind  speed,  or  solar  radiation.  graphing  the  we  can  quickly  see  there  were  some  really  cloudy  days  at  this  location  in  the  last  few  weeks,  which  hopefully  lowers  your  fire  risk  and  keeps  you  safe.  thats  a  quick  overview  of  a  valarm  dashboard.  is  your  organization  ready  for  1  of  these?  you  can  use  sensors  made  by  any  hardware  manufacturer  like  ,  ,  and  .  whether  you  need  to  remotely  monitor:  were  here  to  help  your  organization  deploy  your  most  effective  remote  monitoring  system  solutions.  and  thank  you  for  watching
__label__environmentmonitoring you  must  have  javascript  enabled  in  your  browser  to  utilize  the  functionality  of  this  website.  9840974406  9003113840  9840974408  /  07  you  have  no  items  in  your  shopping  cart.  a  classactiveforum  hrefhttps://www.pantechsolutions.net/forumforum/aa  hrefhttps://www.pantechsolutions.net/contactus/contact  us/a  images  for  lightbox  availability:  using  internet  of  things  iot,  we  can  control  any  electronic  equipment  in  homes  and  industries.  moreover,  you  can  read  a  data  from  any  sensor  and  analyse  it  graphically  from  anywhere  in  the  world.  here,  we  can  read  temperature  and  humidity  data  from  dht11  sensor  and  upload  it  to  a  thingspeak  cloud  using  arduino  uno  and  module.  is  mcu,  it  fetch  a  data  of
__label__environmentmonitoring humidity  and  temperature  from  dht11  sensor  and  process  it  and  give  it  to  a  .  is  a  wifi  module,  it  is  one  of  the  leading  platform  for  internet  of  things.  it  can  transfer  a  data  to  iot  cloud.  first  make  the  connection  as  shown  in  fig:  1.1.the  2  pin  is  of  dht11  is  a  data  pin,  it  can  send  a  temperature  and  humidity  value  to  the  5  pin  of  arduino  uno.1  and  4  pin  of  dht11  is  a  vcc  and  gnd  and  3  pin  is  no  connection.  the  arduino  uno  process  a  temperature  and  humidity  value  and  send  it  to
__label__environmentmonitoring a  .  the  tx  and  rx  pin  of  is  connected  to  the  2  rx  and  3  tx  of  arduino  uno.  make  sure  that  input  voltage  of  must  be  3.3v,  not  a  5v  otherwise  it  would  damage  a  device.for  that,  we  are  using  ams1117  voltage  regulator  circuit.  it  can  regulate  a  voltage  from  9v  to  3.3v  and  will  give  it  to  vcc  pin  of  esp8266.the  chpd  is  a  chip  enable  pin  of  and  should  be  pullup  to  3.3v  through  3.3k  resistor.  for  reset  the  module  pull  down  the  rst  pin  of  to  gnd.  have  2  gpio  pins  gpio  0  and  gpio
__label__environmentmonitoring 2.  fig:  1.1  circuit  diagram  for  monitoring  humidity  and  temperature  in  iot  cloud  thingspeak  is  an  open  source  platform  to  store  and  retrieve  a  data  for  internet  of  things  application.  to  use  this,  you  need  to  register  in  thingspeak  cloud  and  then  login  to  your  account.  after  create  a  new  channel  with  temperature  in  one  field  and  humidity  in  another  field  as  shown  in  fig:  1.2.  once  you  created  a  new  channel,  it  will  generate  a  two  api  keys,  they  are  read  api  keys  and  write  api  keys.  first,  copy  the  write  api  keys  from  thingsspeak  and  paste  it  into
__label__environmentmonitoring the  line  string  apikey  ox9t8y9ol9hd0ubp;  of  the  program.  next,  replace  the  hostname  and  password  with  your  wifi  name  and  wifi  password  in  the  two  lines  given  below  in  the  program.  string  hostname  pantech  and  string  password  pantech123  the  arduino  program  uses  dht  library,  if  it  is  not  presented  in  your  arduino  ide,  select  sketchinclude  librarymanage  librariesinstall  dht  sensor  library.  then  compile  the  program  and  upload  to  a  arduino  uno  through  arduino  ide.  ensure  that  wifi  modem  and  internet  connection  in  your  smartphone  or  pc  are  working  properly.  after  uploaded  a  program,  the  temperature  and  humidity  data  is  uploaded  on  thingspeak
__label__environmentmonitoring platform.  you  can  see  it  graphically  in  the  private  view  window  of  your  channel  as  shown  in  fig:  1.3.  and  you  can  able  to  see  the  uploaded  data  from  serial  port  of  arduino  ide.  fig:  1.2:  creating  new  channel  on  thingspeak  cloud  fig:  1.3:  graphical  representation  of  humidity  and  temperature  data  we  can  also  include  a  sensor  like  gas,  infrared,  ultrasonic  sensors  based  on  their  requirements.  moreover,  it  is  possible  to  control  the  relay,  actuators  through  internet  once  a  sensor  values  are  going  above/below  predetermined  values.  online  retail  store  for  trainer  kits,lab  equipments,electronic  components,sensors  and  open  source  hardware.  arduino  uno
__label__environmentmonitoring by  d.  citharthan  and  t.  jonah  gilbert  using  the  internet  of  things  in  homes  and  industries  it  is  possible  to  control  any  electrical  or  electronic  equipment.  moreover,  you  can  get  the  information  from  any  sensor  and  analyse  it  graphically  or  in  any  userdefined  format  from  anywhere  in  the  world.  the  iot  using  microcontroller  mcu  is  easy  and  fun  for  those  who  are  new  to  the  field.  presented  here  is  ahumidity  and  temperature  monitoring  using  arduino.  in  this  article,  humidity  and  temperature  information  from  is  analysed  graphically  on  thingspeak  platform  using  arduino  mcu  and  esp8266  wifi  module.  block  diagram  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring whole  setup  is  shown  in  fig.  1.  circuit  diagram  for  monitoring  humidity  and  temperature  is  shown  in  fig.  2.  it  is  built  around  arduino  mcu,  dht11  sensor  and  esp8266  wifi  module.  the  dht11  sensor  senses  humidity  and  temperature,  and  sends  the  information  to  digital  pin  5  of  arduino  mcu,  as  shown  in  fig.  2.  from  arduino  mcu,  humidity  and  temperature  values  are  uploaded  to  the  cloud  at  regular  intervals  of  time  through  esp8266  wifi  module.  from  the  cloud,  humidity  and  temperature  values  can  be  seen  graphically  on  from  anywhere  in  the  world.  thingspeak  is  an  open  source  data  platform  but
__label__environmentmonitoring you  need  to  register  to  use  it.  after  registering,  login  to  your  account  and  create  a  new  channel  with  humidity  as  one  field  and  temperature  as  another,  as  shown  in  fig.  3.  once  a  new  channel  is  created,  it  will  generate  two  api  keys,  namely,  write  api  key  and  read  api  key.  replace  the  line  given  below  in  the  program  with  your  write  api  key:  next,  substitute  hostname  and  password  with  your  wifi  name  and  wifi  password  in  the  two  lines  given  below  in  the  program  iot.ino:  the  program  should  be  verified  with  your  wifi  setup.  it  uses  dht  library.
__label__environmentmonitoring if  dht  library  is  not  present  in  your  arduino  folder,  download  it  from  https://github.com/adafruit/dhtsensorlibrary.  to  import  dht  library  in  arduino  ide,  select  sketchimport  libraryadd  libraryselect  the  library  that  you  have  downloaded.  compile  the  sketch/program  and  upload  it  to  arduino  mcu  through  arduino  ide.  ensure  that  wifi  modem  and  the  internet  connection  in  your  pc/smartphone  are  working  properly.  once  sketch  uploading  is  done,  it  will  upload  humidity  and  temperature  values  on  thingspeak  platform  and  you  will  be  able  to  see  it  graphically  in  private  view  window,  as  shown  in  fig.  4.  if  you  want  to  change  channel  or  field  name,  you
__label__environmentmonitoring can  change  it  from  channel  settings  fig.  5.  authors  prototype  is  shown  in  fig.  6.  along  with  temperature  and  humidity  sensor,  other  sensors  like  gas,  voltage,  current  and  energy  can  be  used  based  on  the  requirement.  moreover,  it  is  also  possible  to  take  further  actions  by  controlling  the  actuators  from  the  internet  once  the  sensor  values  are  going  above/below  predetermined  values.  d.  citharthan  is  assistant  professor  at  christ  the  king  engineering  college,  coimbatore,  tamil  nadu  t.  jonah  gilbert  enjoys  reading  articles  on  machines,  diy  projects  and  working  with  the  iot  based  projects  how  can  i  get  a  alert  message  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  form  of  sms  from  thingspeak  when  temperature  goes  beyond  some  threshold  for  that  you  have  to  use  gsm  module  along  with  arduino.  heres  the  reply  from  the  author  citharthan  d.  it  is  only  possible  to  receive  a  tweet.  for  tutorial  and  examples,  please  click  the  link  below.  if  you  need  to  get  sms/  email  then,  you  can  try  ubidots.  you  can  get  step  by  step  information  in  their  website.  where  can  i  find  the  sketch  lot.ino  for  the  mentioned  above  how  to  implement  energy  saving  element  in  arduino  ?  is  it  implement  in  arduino  or  battery  itself  ?  thanks.
__label__environmentmonitoring you  are  welcome.  could  u  pls  send  me  arduino  software  program  of  dis  project  hi  can  you  tell  me  where  to  find  iot.ino  please  you  can  find  iot.ino  from  the  source  folder  given  here  at  the  end  of  this  article.  you  can  also  down  the  same  from  the  link  given  here:  can  i  have  the  code  for  this  project.i  am  working  on  this  project  ,it  would  help  me  very  much.  dear  sumanth,  the  source  code  is  present  at  the  end  of  the  article.  how  to  do  this  with  dht22?  i  want  to  use  this  project  for  controlling  the  temperature  and
__label__environmentmonitoring humidity.as  you  have  mentioned  in  its  applications  how  can  i  do  that?  hey  we  are  using  mesh  moduleworking  as  coordinator  base  temperature  sensor  consisting  of  chip  sht31  interface  with  arduino  nano  which  reads  the  analog  readings  and  convert  it  to  digital  and  send  the  data  wireless  to  mesh  module  connected  via  usb  module  to  laptop  usb  port  working  as  router  we  are  trying  to  send  the  data  of  sensor  to  internet  cloud  but  as  i  am  beginner  i  need  your  suggestion  about  how  can  we  send  the  data  of  temperature  sensor  connected  to  mesh  module  will  send  the  data  on
__label__environmentmonitoring internet  cloud  also  please  suggest  if  anything  else  in  hardware  is  required  hi.thanks  for  this  article.  which  is  the  mcu  used  here?  also  would  an  rfm95  be  required  to  transmit  the  readings  from  the  sensor?  thanks  for  the  feedback  since  arduino  uno  board  is  used  here,  the  microcontroller  mcu  is  atmega328.  esp8266  wifi  module  is  used  to  transmit  the  sensor  signal  to  the  cloud  and  so  rfm95  is  not  required  in  this  project.  i  did  not  get  data  in  thingspik.my  connections  are  correct  and  data  is  shown  in  serialmonitor.please  help  me.  sir  i  made  it  successful  by  using  arduino  uno
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  dht22  or  dht11  and  esp826601  and  connected  to  thingspeak  as  advice  by  you.  great.  now  my  next  attempt  to  use  2  or  3  dht22  sensors  and  to  transmit  the  data  with  single  esp826601  through  one  arduino  uno  board,  to  the  cloud.  can  it  be  possible,  hope  it  will,  then  plz  guide  me.  i  am  more  confident  in  hardware  and  with  very  tiny  knowledge  with  coding.  plz  help.  hey,  why  im  getting  error  duplicationg  this?  need  help  dear  can  you  share  me  the  code  that  you  get  from  thingspeak  how  can  i  get  a  alert  message  in  the  form  of
__label__environmentmonitoring sms  from  thingspeak  when  temperature  goes  beyond  some  threshold  using  gsm  module  with  aurduino  i  do  not  get  data  on  thingspeak.  the  connections  are  correct.  what  can  possibly  be  the  problem?  why  do  you  require  arduino  for  dth11  ?  why  not  directly  interface  dth11  with  the  esp8266  ?  i  tried  interfacing  arduino  with  dht  11  sensor.  it  is  showing  temperature  but  not  humidity.  network  consists  of  further  focused  websites  channels
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  products  to  save  resources  and  money.  11/01/2019  top  choice  for  wifi  enabled  temperature  and  hygrometer  sensor  system.  listings  of  other  offtheshelf  smart  temp/humidity  sensors  available  to  buy  today.  from  data  center  monitoring  to  food  safety  and  vaccine  monitoring.  these  systems  can  help  avoid  disasters  from  happening  using  threshold  alerts  and  notification  messages.  tempgenius  temperature  monitoring  offers  solutions  for  a  wide  range  of  environments.  we  have  engineered  solutions  for  data  logging...  sensoscientific  wifi  transmitters  are  high  speed  wireless  modules  with  peapv0  enterprise  security,  capable  of  collecting,  storing  and...  monnit  wireless  temperature  sensors  use  a  thermistor  to  accurately  measure  temperatures.  these
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  are  perfect  for  monitoring  ambient...  the  wifi  edition  350  is  a  linuxbased  device  that  monitors  temperature  in  your  server  room,  lab,  food  service  refrigerator,  or  other  points  of...  microchip  technology  develops  and  manufactures  semiconductor  products  for  various  embedded  control  applications  worldwide.  monnit  sells  wireless  gateways,  sensors,  starter  kits,  software,  and  controllers.  sensoscientific,  inc,  develops  temperature  and  environmental  monitoring  solutions  for  health,  asset  tracking,  data  center,  and  food  safety  market.  silicon  labs  provides  mixedsignal  and  rf  cmos  silicon  architectures,  mcu  wireless  components,  and  sensors  along  with  supporting  software  and  cloud  services.  additional  29.99  a  bluetooth  low  energy  ble  module  is
__label__environmentmonitoring used  to  broadcast  sensor  data  to  ios  or  android  smartphones  with  the  downloadable  sensorpuck  app....  grovepi  helps  you  build  your  own  smart  devices.  the  base  kit  includes  the  grovepi  board  and  12  grove  sensor.  digital  analog  hardware  required  raspberry  pi  arduino  other  platforms  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  smart  home  space  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  use  and  save  money  at  the  same  time.  739  sherman  st  .  denver,  co  80203  the  green  smart  home  is  dedicated  to  helping  you  find  the  best  products  to
__label__environmentmonitoring in  this  projectwe  are  using  .  by  this  method,  we  can  monitor  our  dht11  sensors  temperature  and  humidity  data  over  the  internet  using  thingspeak  iot  server.  and  we  can  view  the  logged  data  and  graph  over  time  on  thingspeak  website.  here  arduino  uno  reads  the  current  temperature  and  humidity  data  from  dht11  and  sends  it  to  thingspeak  server  for  live  monitoring  from  anywhere  in  the  world.  we  previously  used  and  to  upload  the  data  on  the  cloud.  is  an  open  data  platform  for  monitoring  your  data  online  where  you  can  set  the  data  as  private  or  public  according  to  your
__label__environmentmonitoring choice.  thingspeak  takes  minimum  of  15  seconds  to  update  your  readings.  its  a  great  and  very  easy  to  use  platform  for  building  iot  projects.  connections  are  given  in  below  table:  1  esp8266  vcc  3.3v  2  esp8266  rst  3.3v  3  esp8266  chpd  3.3v  4  esp8266  rx  tx  5  esp8266  tx  rx  6  esp8266  gnd  gnd  7  dht11  vcc  5v  8  dht11  data  5  9  dht11  gnd  gnd  for  creating  your  channel  on  thingspeak  you  first  need  to  sign  up  on  thingspeak.  in  case  if  you  already  have  account  on  thingspeak  just  sign  in  using  your  id  and  password.  for  creating  your
__label__environmentmonitoring account  go  to  click  on  sing  up  if  you  dont  have  account  and  if  you  already  have  account  click  on  sign  in.  after  clicking  on  signup  fill  your  details.  after  this  verify  your  email  id  and  click  on  continue.  once  you  sign  in  after  your  account  verification,  create  a  new  channel  by  clicking  new  channel  button  after  clicking  on  new  channel,  enter  the  name  and  description  of  the  data  you  want  to  upload  on  this  channel.  for  example  i  am  sending  my  dht11  sensor  data,  so  i  named  it  as  dht11  data.  enter  the  name  of  your  data  temperature  in
__label__environmentmonitoring field1  and  humidity  in  field2.  if  you  want  to  use  more  fields  you  can  check  the  box  next  to  field  option  and  enter  the  name  and  description  of  your  data.  after  this  click  on  save  channel  button  to  save  your  details.  to  send  data  to  thingspeak,  we  need  a  unique  api  key,  which  we  will  use  later  in  our  code  to  upload  our  sensor  data  to  thingspeak  website.  click  on  api  keys  button  to  get  your  unique  api  key  for  uploading  your  sensor  data.  now  copy  your  write  api  key.  we  will  use  this  api  key  in  our  code.  to
__label__environmentmonitoring program  arduino,  open  arduino  ide  and  choose  the  correct  board  and  port  from  the  tool  menu.  .  upload  it  in  arduino  uno.  if  you  successfully  upload  your  program,  serial  monitor  will  look  like  this:  after  this  navigate  to  your  thingspeak  page  and  open  your  channel  at  thingspeak  and  output  will  be  shown  as  below:  hence,  we  have  successfully  monitored  temperature  and  humidity  data  over  thingspeak  using  arudino  and  esp32.  iotdesignpro  is  dedicated  for  electronics  engineering  community  working  on  iot  designs  and  products.  visitus  for  latest  iot  news,  articles  and  projects  on  latest  iot  technologies  and  products.  copyright  2019.  all  rights
__label__environmentmonitoring spani  classfa  faeye/i  /span  humidity  and  temperature  are  very  common  parameters  for  measuring  at  many  places  like  farm,  green  house,  medical,  industries  home  and  offices.  we  have  already  covered  and  displayed  the  data  on  lcd.  in  this  iot  project  we  are  going  to  wherewe  will  show  the  current  humidity  temperature  data  over  the  internet  using  the  server.  it  is  accomplished  by  the  data  communications  between  and  lcd.  celsius  scale  thermometer  and  percentage  scale  humidity  meter  displays  the  ambient  temperature  and  humidity  through  a  lcd  display  and  also  sends  it  to  from  anywhere  in  the  world.  this  iot  based  project  having
__label__environmentmonitoring four  sections,  firstly  senses  the  humidity  and  temperature  data  secondly  extracts  the  dht11  sensors  data  as  suitable  number  in  percentage  and  celsius  scale,  and  sends  it  to  wifi  module.  thirdly  sends  the  data  to  thingspeaks  sever.  and  finally  analyses  the  data  and  shows  it  in  a  graph  form.  optional  is  also  used  to  display  the  temperature  and  humidity.  provides  very  good  tool  for  iot  based  projects  for  arduino.  by  using  thingspeak  site,  we  can  monitor  our  data  over  the  internet  from  anywhere,  and  we  can  also  control  our  system  over  the  internet,  using  the  channels  and  webpages  provided  by  thingspeak.
__label__environmentmonitoring thingspeak  the  data  from  the  sensors,  the  data  and  by  triggering  a  reaction.  here  we  are  explaining  about  :  1.  first  of  all,  user  needs  to  create  a  account  on  thingspeak.com,  then  .  2.  now  go  to  the  channels  menu  and  click  on  option  on  the  same  page  for  further  process.  3.  now  you  will  see  a  form  for  ,  fill  in  the  name  and  description  as  per  your  choice.  then  fill  humidity  and  temperature  in  field  1  and  field  2  labels,  tick  the  checkboxes  for  both  fields.  also  tick  the  check  box  for  make  public  option  below  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring form  and  finally  save  the  channel.  now  your  new  channel  has  been  created.  4.  now  click  on  api  keys  tab  and  ,  here  we  are  only  using  write  key.  you  need  to  copy  this  key  in  char  apikey  in  the  code.  5.  after  it,  click  on  data  import/export  and  ,  which  is:  6.  now  user  need  to  open  api.thingspeak.com  using  the  httpget  function  with  the  posturl  as  update?apikeysiwoybx26oxq1wmsfield10  and  then  send  data  using  data  feed  or  update  request  address.  before  sending  the  data,  user  needs  to  edit  this  query  string  or  posturl  with  temperature  and  humidity  data  fields,  like  shown
__label__environmentmonitoring below.  here  we  have  added  both  parameters  in  the  string  that  we  need  to  send  via  using  get  request  to  server,  after  it  we  have  used  httpget  to  send  the  data  to  server.  check  the  full  code  below.  the  whole  process  is  demonstrated  in  the  section,  at  the  end  of  this  article.  working  of  this  project  is  based  on  single  wire  serial  communication  for  fetching  data  from  dht11.  first  arduino  sends  a  start  signal  to  dht  module  and  then  dht  gives  a  response  signal  with  containing  data.  arduino  collects  and  extracts  the  data  in  two  parts  first  is  humidity  and
__label__environmentmonitoring second  is  temperature  and  then  send  it  to  16x2  lcd  and  thingspeak  server.  thingspeak  displays  the  data  in  form  of  graph  as  below:  you  can  learn  more  about  here.  connections  for  this  are  very  simple.  here  a  is  used  for  displaying  temperature  and  humidity,  which  is  directly  connected  to  arduino  in  4bit  mode.  pins  of  lcd  namely  rs,  en,  d4,  d5,  d6  and  d7  are  connected  to  arduino  digital  pin  number  14,  15,  16,  17,  18  and  19.  this  lcd  is  optional.  is  connected  to  digital  pin  12  of  arduino.  s  vcc  and  gnd  pins  are  directly  connected  to  and
__label__environmentmonitoring gnd  of  arduino  and  chpd  is  also  connected  with  3.3v.  tx  and  rx  pins  of  esp8266  are  directly  connected  to  pin  2  and  3  of  arduino.  software  serial  library  is  also  used  here  to  allow  serial  communication  on  pin  2  and  3  of  arduino.  we  have  already  covered  the  in  detail.  programming  part  of  this  project  plays  a  very  important  role  to  perform  all  the  operations.  first  of  all  we  include  required  libraries  and  initialize  variables.  after  it  enter  your  write  api  key  and  take  some  strings.  in  void  loop  function  we  reads  temperature  and  humidity  and  then  show  those
__label__environmentmonitoring readings  on  the  lcd.  void  send2server  function  is  used  to  send  the  data  to  server.  send2server  function  is  a  timer  interrupt  service  routine,  calling  in  every  20  seconds.  when  we  call  update  function,  timer  interrupt  service  routine  is  called.  includedht.h  //  including  library  for  dht  includeliquidcrystal.h  liquidcrystal  lcd14,15,16,17,18,19;  includetimer.h  timer  t;  include  softwareserial.h  softwareserial  serial12,  3;  define  dhtdpin  12  define  heart  13  dht  dht;  char  apikeysiwoybx26oxq1wms;  //  enter  your  write  api  key  from  thingspeak  static  char  posturl150;  int  humi,tem;  void  httpgetstring  ip,  string  path,  int  port80;  void  setup  lcd.begin16,  2;  lcd.clear;  lcd.print  humidity  ;  lcd.setcursor0,1;  lcd.print  measurement  ;  delay2000;  lcd.clear;
__label__environmentmonitoring lcd.printcircuit  digest  ;  lcd.setcursor0,1;  lcd.printwelcomes  you;  delay2000;  serial1.begin9600;  serial.begin9600;  lcd.clear;  lcd.printwifi  connecting;  lcd.setcursor0,1;  lcd.printplease  wait....;  serial.printlnconnecting  wifi....;  connectwifiat,1000;  connectwifiatcwmode1,1000;  connectwifiatcwqap,1000;  connectwifiatrst,5000;  connectwifiatcwjap1st  floor,muda1884,10000;  serial.printlnwifi  connected;  lcd.clear;  lcd.printwifi  connected.;  pinmodeheart,  output;  delay2000;  t.oscillateheart,  1000,  low;  t.every20000,  send2server;  void  loop  dht.read11dhtdpin;  lcd.setcursor0,0;  lcd.printhumidity:  ;  humidht.humidity;  lcd.printhumi;  //  printing  humidity  on  lcd  lcd.print  ;  lcd.setcursor0,1;  lcd.printtemperature:;  temdht.temperature;  lcd.printtem;  //  printing  temperature  on  lcd  lcd.write1;  lcd.printc  ;  delay1000;  t.update;  void  send2server  char  tempstr8;  char  humidstr8;  dtostrftem,  5,  3,  tempstr;  dtostrfhumi,  5,  3,  humidstr;  sprintfposturl,  update?apikeysfield1sfield2s,apikey,humidstr,tempstr;  httpgetapi.thingspeak.com,  posturl,  80;  //get  void  httpgetstring  ip,  string  path,  int  port  int  resp;  string  athttpgetcmd  get  /path  http/1.0rnrn;  //atcipstarttcp,192.168.20.200,80
__label__environmentmonitoring string  attcpportconnectcmd  atcipstarttcp,ip,port;  connectwifiattcpportconnectcmd,1000;  int  len  athttpgetcmd.length;  string  atsendcmd  atcipsend;  atsendcmdlen;  connectwifiatsendcmd,1000;  connectwifiathttpgetcmd,1000;  void  connectwifistring  cmd,  int  t  int  temp0,i0;  while1  lcd.clear;  lcd.printcmd;  serial.printlncmd;  serial1.printlncmd;  whileserial1.available  ifserial1.findok  i8;  delayt;  ifi5  break;  i;  ifi8  serial.printlnok;  lcd.setcursor0,1;  lcd.printok;  else  serial.printlnerror;  lcd.setcursor0,1;  lcd.printerror;  subscribe  below  to  receive  most  popular  news,  articles  and  diy  projects  from  circuit  digest  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  hi,  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization
__label__environmentmonitoring only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  what  about  the  timer.h  library  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  plz  tell  me  how  to  configure  esp8266  with  route.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  can  anyone  pls  tell  me  how  to
__label__environmentmonitoring restore  the  original  firmware  in  the  node  mcu.  the  problem  is  i  have  flashed  it  once  and  would  like  to  restore  it  again...  any  suggestions  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  can  anyone  please  tell  me  why  heart  variable  is  used?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  hi  can  u
__label__environmentmonitoring provide  the  link  for  the  library  because  i  downloaded  some  dht  library  but  its  not  working  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  here  you  go.  download  as  as  zip  and  add  to  your  arduino  ide  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  hi,  ive  been  wondering  if  it  could  work  without
__label__environmentmonitoring wifi  module  ?  i  explain,  im  working  on  a  project  and  i  wish  to  send  my  ear  heart  rate  monitor  data  to  my  thingspeak  account  but  i  dont  have  wifi  shield  with  my  arduino  so  i  was  wondering  if  you  had  any  idea  on  how  i  could  do  it  ?  because  my  arduino  is  connected  to  my  computer  so  i  can  receive  the  data  and  print  my  heart  rate  on  my  screen  but  do  you  have  any  idea  to  send  it  to  my  account  ?  i  will  appreciate  your  answer  thanks  you  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here
__label__environmentmonitoring as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  hi  i  did  all  the  steps  u  explained  in  the  video  but  i  am  getting  error  in  the  transmission  and  i  am  not  able  to  connect  to  thingspeak  server  though  i  gave  correct  api  key  in  program  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  perhaps  if  you  posted  the  error  someone  could  help?
__label__environmentmonitoring getting  an  error  provides  no  basis  for  a  diagnosis.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  the  author  does  not  seem  to  check  back  here....anyways....  connecting  wifi....  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  yes  asking  question  is  a  kind  of  art,  many  people  here  post  questions  with  insufficient  details.  it  would
__label__environmentmonitoring also  be  better  if  the  author  could  step  in  to  resolve  the  problems  here.  may  be  using  the  forum  could  get  his  attention  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  once  you  figure  out  the  nuances,  this  sketch  works  well.  the  connection  problem  i  was  having  was  due  to  the  assumption  in  the  sketch  that  noone  sets  up  static  ips  on  their  routers.  serial.printlnconnecting  wifi....;  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting
__label__environmentmonitoring point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  note  that  this  sketch  will  run  just  fine  even  if  you  do  not  physically  connect  an  lcd.  i  opted  not  to  and  it  works  fine.  very  well  done  project.  this  is  actually  the  first  one  out  of  many  temp  and  humidity  over  the  internet  using  wifi  projects  that  i  tried  that  works.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,
__label__environmentmonitoring remove  thishtml  comment.  hi.  can  you  share  your  arduino  coding.  because  the  provided  coding  are  having  some  errors.  tq  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  help  me  to  do  the  same  with  wifi  shield  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  while  execution  it  shows  error  compiling  code  for  arduino  uno
__label__environmentmonitoring can  you  help  for  dis  project  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  had  include  all  libray  files  for  dht  sensor  bt  error  in  includedht.h  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  replace  it  with  include  dht.h  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization
__label__environmentmonitoring only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  my  project  is  esp8266  wifi  module  wheather  station  //  robo  india  tutorial  include  dht.h  //  including  library  for  dht  include  esp8266wifi.h  string  apikey  vr8f5r51p4inkw86;  //  enter  your  write  api  key  from  thingspeak  const  char  ssid  androidap;  //  replace  with  your  wifi  ssid  and  wpa2  key  define  dhtpin  0  //pin  where  the  dht11  is  connected  dht  dhtdhtpin,  dht11;  wificlient  client;  void  setup  serial.begin115200;  delay10;  dht.begin;  serial.printlnconnecting  to  ;  serial.printlnssid;  wifi.beginssid,  pass;  while  wifi.status  wlconnected  delay500;  serial.print.;  serial.println;  serial.printlnwifi  connected;  void  loop  float  h  dht.readhumidity;
__label__environmentmonitoring float  t  dht.readtemperature;  if  isnanh  isnant  serial.printlnfailed  to  read  from  dht  sensor;  return;  if  client.connectserver,80  //  184.106.153.149  or  api.thingspeak.com  string  poststr  apikey;  poststr  field1;  poststr  stringt;  poststr  field2;  poststr  stringh;  poststr  rnrn;  client.printpost  /update  http/1.1n;  client.printhost:  api.thingspeak.comn;  client.printconnection:  closen;  client.printxthingspeakapikey:  apikeyn;  client.printcontenttype:  application/xwwwformurlencodedn;  client.printcontentlength:  ;  client.printpoststr.length;  client.printnn;  client.printpoststr;  serial.printtemperature:  ;  serial.printt;  serial.print  degrees  celcius,  humidity:  ;  serial.printh;  serial.println.  send  to  thingspeak.;  client.stop;  serial.printlnwaiting...;  //  thingspeak  needs  minimum  15  sec  delay  between  updates,  ive  set  it  to  30  seconds  delay10000;  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file
__label__environmentmonitoring to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  have  tried  3  dht  libraries  but  none  of  them  are  working.  i  am  a  newbie  so  kindly  help  me  with  this.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  in  main  code  file  replace  include  dht.h  with  includedht.h  it  works  for  me.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes
__label__environmentmonitoring folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  you  need  to  download/install  the  libraries  you  need  for  the  .h  header  files.  sometimes  you  can  do  a  websearch  in  and  get  it  remember:  it  has  to  be  in  the  same  folder  as  your  arduino  code  file  that  requires  that  header  file.  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  avrdude:  stk500recv:  programmer  is  not  responding  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization
__label__environmentmonitoring only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  what  can  i  do  with  code  if  i  want  to  use  gsm  module  instead  of  esp8266  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  hello  what  is  the  u1  shown  in  the  wiring  pic?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and
__label__environmentmonitoring customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  i  am  getting  this  error  message  from  line  7  of  the  code.  i  am  confused  on  how  to  handle  this.  can  someone  help  me,  please?  this  file  is  not  used  and  is  here  as  a  starting  point  for  customization  only.see  http://api.drupal.org/api/function/themefield/7  for  details.after  copying  this  file  to  your  themes  folder  and  customizing  it,  remove  thishtml  comment.  please  can  dht22  be  used  in  stead  of  dht11?  if  yes  what  would  change  in  the  codes?  mousers  latest  ebook  examines  nxps  use  of  ai  to  reshape  solutions  and  products  for  the  future.  features  a  deepcover  embedded  security  solution
__label__environmentmonitoring to  cloak  sensitive  data.  protect  against  voltage  transients  from  lightning  and  other  transient  voltage  events.  function  in  passthrough,  forced  continuous,  pulseskipping,  and  burst  mode  operations.  1.5a  switchmode  battery  charge  management  and  system  power  path  management  device.  contains  a  ch101  sensor  on  a  small  pcb  and  is  based  on  chirps  patented  mems  technology.  offer  an  ip67  waterproof  rating,  a  300vrms  voltage  rating,  and  a  ul94hb  flame  rating.  offer  500  mating  cycles  min.,  ip2x  finger  protected  contacts,  and  are  ip67  sealed  when  mated.  the  can  transceiver  and  arbitration  logic  in  this  ti  design  support  can  fd  speed  up  to  2mbps.  small  6mm
__label__environmentmonitoring form  factor  pcb  width  with  integrated  protection  and  resistance  temperature  detector.  8channel,  groupisolated,  digital  input  module  design  for  industrial  functional  safety.  this  design  showcases  the  lmg1020,  lowside  nanosecond  gan  gate  driver  capable  of  driving  a  fet.  this  design  features  sic  mosfets  with  switching  loss  to  enable  higher  dc  bus  voltages  of  up  to  800v.  reference  design  from  texas  instruments  for  hev/ev  onboard  charter  and  energy  storage  applications.  our  ics  reference  designs  enable  smarter  and  safer  ac  charging  stations  for  electric  vehicles.  beneficial  where  power  density,  cost,  weight  and  high  voltage  conversion  ratio  are  critical  factors.  connect  with  us  on  social
__label__environmentmonitoring define  numerous  actions  to  be  taken  when  your  predefined  conditions  are  met.  customizable  and  easy  to  setup  based  on  your  preference  and  needs.  you  will  get  99.9  availability.  now  thats  reliable  your  data  will  be  processed  in  an  immensely  fast  rate.  the  results  will  be  at  your  disposal  in  the  blink  of  an  eye  access  to  your  preprocessed  data  is  an  exclusive  feature  of  radiant  watch.  as  you  push  your  data,  radiant  watch  performs  numerous  statistical  operations  and  updates  the  records  instantly  so  your  processed  data  will  be  available  when  you  need  it.  save  time  using  rest/json  to  connect  your
__label__environmentmonitoring things  to  radiant  watch  and  end  up  looking  like  a  hero.  radiant  watch  receives  your  data  from  various  sources  with  open  arms.  you  can  send  any  data  from  any  source  to  radiant  watch  via  rest  api.  radiantwatch  2016.
__label__environmentmonitoring add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  with  the  thingsio.  ai  platform,  it  is  now  possible  to  monitor  the  temperature  and  humidity  with  sensor  location  in  realtime.  read  up  about  this  project  on  with  the  thingsio.  ai  platform,  it  is  now  possible  to  monitor  the  temperature  and  humidity  with  sensor  location  in  realtime.
__label__environmentmonitoring introducing  ncds  long  range  iot  temperature  and  humidity  sensor.  accuracy  and  power  consumption  were  our  primary  focuses  when  developing  this  sensor.  boasting  up  to  a  28  mile  range,  and  a  wireless  mesh  networking  architecture,  this  sensor  transmitshumidity  and  temperature  data  at  userdefined  intervals,  sleeping  in  between  to  maximize  battery  life.  powered  by  just  2  aa  batteries  and  an  operational  lifetime  of  500,000  wireless  transmissions,  a  10  year  battery  life  can  beachieved  with  proper  calibration.  optionally,  this  sensor  may  be  externally  powered.  an  open  communication  protocolallows  easy  integration  with  just  about  any  control  system  or  gateway.  data  can  be  transmitted  to
__label__environmentmonitoring a  pc,  raspberry  pi,  or  even  an  arduino,  and  sent  on  to  microsoft  azure,  aws  or  google  cloud  platform.  wireless  transmission  settings  can  be  changed  using  the  open  communication  protocol  providing  maximum  configurability  depending  on  the  intended  application.  the  long  range,  price,  accuracy,  battery  life  and  security  features  of  our  wireless  temperature  and  humiditysensor  make  it  anideal  choice  to  start,  or  expand,  your  own  wireless  sensor  network  using  a  device  which  exceeds  the  requirements  for  most  of  the  industrial  as  well  as  consumer  market  applications.
__label__environmentmonitoring as  iot  devices  mature,  were  starting  to  see  sensors  and  other  devices  that  integrate  into  our  appcentric  smartphonemanaged  world.  one  such  welldesigned  device  is  the  sensorpush.  by  for  topic:  sensorpush  sensors  whether  youre  new  to  3d  printing  or  an  old  hand,  zdnets  3d  printing  discovery  series  will  help  you  understand  and  get  the  most  out  of  this  amazing,  accessible  technology.  in  december,  faced  with  trying  to  manage  a  precise  temperature  range  for  3d  printing  in  a  very  cold  garage,  i  picked  up  two  49  remote  temperature  and  humidity  sensors.  while  i  mentioned  the  devices  in  ,  i  didnt  provide  much
__label__environmentmonitoring detail.  to  rectify  that,  im  going  to  dive  a  little  deeper  to  help  you  understand  how  to  get  the  most  out  of  these  versatile,  easy  to  use,  and  inexpensive  devices.  each  sensorpush  is  a  block  about  a  half  inch  thick,  and  the  size  of  a  matchbook.  each  sensor  also  includes  a  nicely  sized  hole  that  allows  it  to  be  hung  or  attached.  i  ran  a  twist  tie  through  one  and  hung  it  from  the  top  of  my  wire  shelving  printer  enclosure.  i  stuck  the  other  one  over  a  pegboard  hook.  you  could  hang  a  sensor  on  the  side  of  a
__label__environmentmonitoring chicken  coop  to  monitor  livestock  breeding  temperatures.  you  could  use  some  doublesided  tape  to  stick  one  inside  a  humidor  to  keep  track  of  cigar  humidity.  you  could  hang  one  from  a  nail  in  an  attic  to  keep  track  of  temperature  and  humidity  for  items  youre  storing,  without  having  to  go  up  into  the  attic  and  look  at  a  thermometer.  we  have  most  of  our  musical  instruments  in  a  closet,  including  some  nice  guitars  and  handmade  drums.  ive  been  thinking  of  ordering  a  third  sensor  to  put  into  the  closet,  so  we  could  make  sure  that  if  the  humidity  got  too
__label__environmentmonitoring high  for  those  instruments,  wed  get  an  alert.  thats  one  of  the  other  standout  features  of  the  sensorpush.  you  can  set  an  alert  condition  and  the  sensorpush  will  push  a  notification  to  your  phone.  i  have  one  set  for  my  3d  printer  enclosure  to  let  me  know  if  the  enclosure  exceeds  90  degrees.  if  so,  ill  open  it  up  and  let  some  of  the  heat  out.  alert  settings  another  possibility  for  home  use  is  in  the  refrigerator.  different  shelves  often  are  at  different  temperatures,  and  you  could  place  a  couple  of  different  sensorpushes  on  shelves  to  develop  a  temperature  profile
__label__environmentmonitoring for  each.  then,  youd  know  exactly  which  shelves  are  best  for  which  foods.  the  sensorpush  app  is  well  designed  and  clean.  you  can  see  current  temperature  and  humidity  for  three  devices  at  a  glance,  or  scroll  to  see  more  devices.  in  addition,  you  can  see  temperature  trends  for  the  day,  week,  month,  or  year.  when  i  was  trying  to  dialin  the  heat  management  in  my  printing  enclosure  during  december,  i  watched  the  overnight  trend  line  very  closely  to  make  sure  the  interior  of  the  enclosure  stayed  above  59  degrees  fahrenheit.  today,  in  deciding  whether  i  needed  to  put  on  a
__label__environmentmonitoring jacket  to  work  in  the  garage,  i  popped  up  the  sensorpush  app  and  noticed  that  after  falling  all  night,  the  temperature  has  been  rising  nicely  this  morning.  sensorpush  readings  over  time.  its  also  been  interesting  to  watch  the  overall  temperature  trend  to  see  that  the  base  temperature  has  been  going  up  over  the  month,  which  seems  to  be  indicating  that  the  worst  of  oregons  winter  is  probably  over.  the  sensorpush  devices  communicate  with  the  iphone  over  either  bluetooth  or  wifi,  although  wifi  requires  the  purchase  of  a  99  wifi  gateway.  while  the  added  price  for  wifi  might  seem  a  bit
__label__environmentmonitoring expensive,  the  gateway  provides  the  ability  to  gather  sensor  data  remotely,  connecting  it  to  your  internet  connection.  this  means  you  could  check  temperature  and  humidity  while  out,  or  track  the  temperature  of  a  remote  location,  like  a  vacation  home  or  a  storage  container  assuming  you  had  an  internet  connection  in  your  storage  unit.  configuration  and  setup  of  the  sensorpush  is  super  easy.  you  launch  the  app  and  set  the  device  on  your  phone.  im  not  exactly  sure  how  they  pull  that  off,  whether  its  nfc  or  some  kind  of  signal  strength  reading,  but  its  creative  and  well  done.  my  only
__label__environmentmonitoring concern  is  with  battery  life.  while  you  can  dig  deep  onto  the  charting  page  for  a  device  to  find  battery  voltage  level,  theres  no  indication  of  whether  the  battery  is  low,  nor  an  option  to  set  a  battery  change  alert.  the  company  does  say  batteries  should  last  one  to  two  years,  and  has  a  video  on  how  to  change  them  out,  so  as  long  as  you  get  a  notification  when  batteries  are  low,  i  dont  consider  this  a  big  concern.  the  devices  use  standard  cr2477  coinstyle  lithium  cells,  which  are  about  five  bucks  each  on  amazon.  the  bottom  line  for
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sensorpush  is  simple:  it  does  what  it  says,  and  does  it  well.  its  a  nomuss,  nofuss  device  that  just  works  out  of  the  box.  if  you  need  to  track  humidity  or  temperature,  this  is  an  ideal  device  and  a  very  good  example  for  others  who  are  making  iot  smartphoneenabled  devices.  you  can  follow  my  daytoday  project  updates  on  social  media.  be  sure  to  follow  me  on  twitter  at  ,  on  facebook  at  ,  on  instagram  at  .  by  for  topic:  innovation  innovation  mobility  open  source  the  new  lock  will  work  with  your  existing  deadbolt,  with  limited  availability  until  a
__label__environmentmonitoring full  launch  early  next  year.  to  help  avoid  major  collisions  on  the  road.  ouraccompanyinggalleryhasourfulllistofgrievances,butinthespiritoffestivus,hereareourtoppicksfortheabsoluteworstproductsandservicesoftheyear....  the  company  has  said  that  person  detection  will  be  removed  in  the  next  firmware  update,  but  it  wont  be  gone  forever.  mozillas  annual  report  shows  how  its  spending  the  revenue  it  gets  from  browser  search  engine  deals.  business  use  of  the  internet  of  things  continues  to  expand.  read  forresters  predictions  on  what  to  expect  from  the  iot  market  in  2020.  insecure  web  backend  and  mobile  app  let  attackers  access  any  kids  details  and  parent  account.  the  final  block  of  new  ipv4  addresses  is  handed  out  even
__label__environmentmonitoring due  to  a  large  influx  of  orders  some  users  may  experience  extended  lead  times  while  we  work  through  our  production  queue.  please  for  any  urgent  orders.  you  are  using  an  unsupported  browser  please  upgrade  your  version  of  ie  to  at  least  9,  or  use  a  modern  browser  such  as  or  .  features  we  take  iot  security  very  seriously,  which  is  why  we  encrypt  every  iot  sensor,  gateway,  modem,  and  device  in  the  ncd  enterprise  product  line.  encryption  is  much  easier  to  manage  than  you  might  expect,  as  the  encryption  does  not  get  in  the  way  of  using  the  device.  we
__label__environmentmonitoring ncd  longrange  wireless  iot  sensors  use  the  digimesh  protocol  from  digi.com.  digimesh  was  designed  by  the  industrial  leader  in  secure  wireless  communications  for  industrial  applications.  digimesh  automatically  hops  data  from  gateway  to  gateway  until  it  arrives  at  the  desired  destination.  ncd  iot  sensors  are  capable  of  a  2mile  lineofsite  communication  distance  with  the  included  antennas  and  up  to  28mile  range  when  using  highgain  antennas.  batteries  are  a  particular  item  of  concern  in  a  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  with  such  a  wide  operating  temperature.  for  instance,  this  device  sends  data  periodically,  based  on  userpreset  timing  intervals.  ncd  iot  sensors  send  a
__label__environmentmonitoring lot  more  than  just  sensor  data.  for  instance,  a  unique  serial  number  is  sent  so  you  can  always  identify  a  particular  sensor  on  the  network.  a  node  id  is  also  included,  which  a  single  byte  of  data  that  you  can  use  for  anything,  such  as  the  floor  of  a  building  or  to  help  identify  which  group  a  sensor  belongs  to.  also  included  in  the  data  packet  is  a  firmware  version,  battery  level,  and  sensor  type.  this  allows  your  software  to  positively  identify  and  manage  the  health  of  ncd  iot  wireless  sensors.  while  signal  strength  data  is  also  available,  it  is
__label__environmentmonitoring handled  in  a  different  way,  and  is  not  included  in  the  sensor  data  packet  but  rest  assured,  signal  strength  data  for  each  sensor  is  available.  ncd  wireless  sensors  transmit  data  and  require  a  receiver.  there  are  many  options  available  for  receiving  data  from  ncd  iot  devices,  which  will  be  discussed  in  much  greater  detail  below.  we  highly  recommend  at  least  one  usb  modem  for  the  purposes  of  sensor  configuration  available  during  checkout.  also,  our  labview  software  is  typically  used  for  advanced  sensor  configuration,  which  is  located  in  the  resources  tab  above.  most  ncd  iot  sensors  are  rated  for  300,000  to
__label__environmentmonitoring 500,000  transmissions  until  the  batteries  become  so  weak  they  are  unreliable.  you  could  spread  these  transmissions  out  over  a  10  year  period  and  send  50,000  transmissions  per  year.  this  would  allow  up  to  136  transmissions  per  day,  or  about  5  transmissions  per  hour  for  a  500k  sensor,  or  3  per  hour  for  300k  sensor.  if  you  only  need  the  batteries  to  last  3  years,  you  could  send  166,666  transmissions  per  year,  or  about  456  transmissions  per  day  about  19  transmissions  per  hour  for  a  500k  sensor.  as  you  can  see,  battery  life  is  really  up  to  you.  by  altering  advanced
__label__environmentmonitoring settings  in  the  ncd  iot  sensor,  you  have  control  over  longevity.  please  note  the  500,000  transmission  rating  is  for  premium  alkaline  batteries.  ncd  ships  all  sensors  with  premium  lithium  batteries,  which  include  a  ultrawide  temperature  range  that  typically  lasts  in  excess  of  600,000  transmissions  for  some  sensor  types.  these  batteries  weigh  less  than  half  of  alkalines,  and  they  work  in  the  freezer  a  word  of  caution  though,  putting  a  sensor  in  configuration  mode  will  drain  the  batteries  very  quickly.  its  important  to  configure  your  sensors  and  exit  configuration  mode  as  soon  as  possible  or  use  a  external  power  supply  during
__label__environmentmonitoring configuration  if  supported  by  the  sensor.  the  table  below  indicates  how  many  transmissions  per  hour  tph  your  can  expect  from  different  sensors  over  a  lifespan  of  up  to  10  years.  tablepress2  from  cache  tph  transmissions  per  hour  under  the  best  of  circumstances,  the  best  nonrechargeable  batteries  commonly  available  today  are  limited  to  a  10  year  nonworking  shelf  life  in  a  room  temperature  environment.  factors  such  as  actual  usage,  temperature,  and  humidity  will  impact  the  working  life.  be  wary  of  any  battery  claims  in  excess  of  10  years,  as  this  would  only  apply  to  the  most  exotic  and  expensive  batteries  that
__label__environmentmonitoring are  not  commonly  available.  also  note  that  most  battery  chemistries  are  not  rated  for  use  in  extreme  temperatures.  ncd  only  uses  the  best  nonrechargeable  lithium  batteries  available  today,  which  are  also  rated  for  use  in  extreme  temperatures  and  have  been  tested  by  our  customers  in  light  radioactive  environments.  lithium  batteries  offer  a  10  year  maximum  expected  shelf  life  due  to  limitations  of  battery  technology.  ncd  will  never  rate  sensor  life  beyond  the  rated  shelf  life  of  the  best  batteries  available  today,  which  is  currently  10  years.  during  purchase,  you  will  see  three  frequency  options.  not  all  options  are  legal  for
__label__environmentmonitoring use  in  all  areas,  so  its  important  to  make  the  right  selection  during  purchase.  we  will  build  your  product  and  accessories  based  on  the  options  chosen.  here,  we  will  explain  these  options  in  much  greater  detail,  but  please  check  your  local  laws  before  purchase.  if  you  are  located  in  north  america,  the  900mhz  option  will  provide  the  longest  range  currently  supported  with  the  best  penetration  through  walls,  buildings,  industrial  equipment,  and  trees.  this  option  is  also  the  best  choice  for  long  range  applications.  the  official  line  of  sight  rating  for  this  option  is  2  miles  with  included  antennas  or  28
__label__environmentmonitoring miles  with  highgain  antennas.  we  suggest  contacting  digi.com  for  a  highgain  antenna  recommendation  if  required.  please  check  your  local  laws  before  choosing  this  option.  if  you  are  located  in  europe,  the  868mhz  option  is  the  only  legal  choice  available  at  this  time.  this  option  offers  better  penetration  through  walls,  builds,  trees,  and  industrial  equipment  that  2.4ghz.  the  official  line  of  site  rating  for  this  option  is  14.5km  using  2.1dbi  antennas.  please  check  your  local  laws  before  choosing  this  option.  the  2.4ghz  option  should  be  chosen  if  900mhz  and  868mhz  are  not  legal  for  use  in  your  country.  please  note  this
__label__environmentmonitoring particular  module  is  not  legal  for  use  in  europe,  as  it  has  a  higher  transmission  power  than  is  legally  allowed  at  2.4ghz.  this  option  is  certified  for  use  in  the  united  states,  japan,  australia,  brazil,  and  south  korea.  please  check  your  local  laws  before  choosing  this  option.  if  you  are  unsure  of  which  sensor  option  to  choose,  please  contact  us.  we  may  be  able  to  help  determine  which  sensors  are  legal  for  use  in  your  area.  labview  displays  and  logs  data  from  our  longrange  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor.  additionally,  users  may  set  the  reporting  interval,  which  greatly  affects  the  battery
__label__environmentmonitoring life  of  this  sensor.  applications  check  out  the  resources  tab  to  see  how  you  can  leverage  nodered  to  build  a  full  dashboard  to  visualize  temperature,  humidity,  vibration  and  battery  level  in  just  a  few  minutes  ncd  iot  sensor  data  can  be  sent  anywhere  with  no  fees  or  hidden  costs,  not  now,  not  ever  ncd  iot  sensors  always  provide  an  open  protocol,  so  you  are  not  tied  to  any  cloud  platform.  you  own  your  data,  so  you  can  do  whatever  you  want  with  it,  no  subscriptions,  no  service  contracts,  and  you  can  integrate  ncd  sensors  into  any  software,  embedded  system,  or
__label__environmentmonitoring cloud  platform  of  your  own  free  choice.  whether  you  need  iot  sensor  data  on  a  desktop  computer,  an  iot  cloud  platform,  or  an  embedded  platform,  we  have  you  covered.  ncd  iot  sensors  broadcast  data,  so  data  handling  is  very  easy,  expandable,  and  versatile.  send  iot  sensor  data  to  gateways  when  you  want  to  talk  directly  to  iot  cloud  platforms.  send  iot  sensor  data  to  modems  when  you  want  to  talk  to  local  computers.  of  course  you  can  always  send  data  to  both  gateways  and  modems  simultaneously,  so  you  always  have  access  to  your  sensor  data  locally  and  remotely.  use  multiple
__label__environmentmonitoring gateways  when  you  need  data  redundancy  or  if  you  need  to  send  sensor  data  to  multiple  iot  cloud  platforms.  iot  sensor  clusters  are  also  possible.  you  can  build  a  cluster  of  iot  sensors  on  every  floor  of  a  highrise  building,  sending  data  to  gateways  and  modems  on  each  floor.  clustering  makes  it  possible  to  keep  your  iot  sensor  data  separated  for  easier  management.  each  gateway  and  modem  can  be  configured  to  listen  to  a  different  cluster  of  iot  sensors.  because  ncd  devices  support  thousands  of  clusters,  expanding  your  iot  sensor  network  is  virtually  limitless.  iot  sensor  gateways  are  used  to
__label__environmentmonitoring translate  data  from  sensors  into  humanreadable  values  and  post  the  results  on  common  cloud  platforms  such  as  amazon,  azure,  losant,  and  mqtt  using  wifi  for  communications.  modems  on  the  other  hand  are  used  to  transfer  raw  sensor  data  into  different  communication  formats  such  as  wifi,  bluetooth,  usb,  rs485,  and  mqtt.  please  note  that  a  mqtt  gateway  is  different  from  a  mqtt  modem.  a  mqtt  gateway  is  preferred  for  most  users,  as  it  handles  sensor  translation  for  you.  mqtt  modems  do  not  translate  data,  they  send  the  raw  sensor  data  to  the  mqtt  broker  for  parsing  on  the  server.  learn  more
__label__environmentmonitoring about  the  difference  between  gateways  and  modems  here:  collect  iot  sensor  data  up  to  two  miles  away  and  send  your  data  tomicrosoft  azure  using  the  ncd  micro  gateway  for  connection  to  azure.  the  micro  gateway  for  microsoftazurereports  all  incoming  iot  sensor  telemetry  as  realworld  values  tomicrosoft  azure  through  the  connected  device  twin,  and/or  device  to  cloud  messages.  setup  could  not  be  easier.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  uses  softap  and  includes  embedded  web  pages  for  configuration.  simply  connect  your  wifi  capable  computer  to  the  ncd  micro  gateway  access  point  and  the  configuration  pages  will  appear.  all  you  need  is  an  azure
__label__environmentmonitoring device  connection  string  to  register  this  device  to  yourazure  account  and  a  wifi  network  with  internet  connectivity.  collect  iot  sensor  data  up  to  two  miles  away  and  send  your  data  tolosant  using  the  ncd  micro  gateway.  leverage  the  power  of  the  losant  flow  builder  to  build  a  stunning  dashboard  that  displays  graphs  of  sensor  telemetry  over  time.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  for  losant  automatically  provisions  the  gateway  on  the  losant  cloud  and  registers  all  iot  sensors  as  children  of  the  gateway.  watch  iot  sensor  data  arrive  on  the  losant  cloud  with  minimal  setup  time.  setup  could  not  be  easier.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring ncd  micro  gateway  uses  softap  and  includes  embedded  web  pages  for  configuration.  simply  connect  your  wifi  capable  computer  to  the  ncd  micro  gateway  access  point  and  the  configuration  pages  will  appear.  all  you  need  are  losant  connection  credentials  application  id  and  application  token  and  a  wifi  network  with  internet  connectivity.  losant  is  an  official  partner  of  national  control  devices,  learn  more  about  losant  here.  setup  could  not  be  easier.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  uses  softap  and  includes  embedded  web  pages  for  configuration.  simply  connect  your  wifi  capable  computer  to  the  ncd  micro  gateway  access  point  and  the  configuration  pages  will
__label__environmentmonitoring appear.  all  you  need  are  amazon  aws  connection  credentials  and  a  wifi  network  with  internet  connectivity.  setup  could  not  be  easier.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  uses  softap  and  includes  embedded  web  pages  for  configuration.  simply  connect  your  wifi  capable  computer  to  the  ncd  micro  gateway  access  point  and  the  configuration  pages  will  appear.  all  you  need  are  mqttcredentials  and  a  wifi  network  with  internet  connectivity.  youve  been  asking  for  cellular  gateways  and  weve  been  listening  we  are  currently  finalizing  development  of  our  cellular  gateways  for  amazon  aws,  microsoft  azure,  losant,  and  mqtt.  we  are  planning  for  an  october  10th  release
__label__environmentmonitoring of  our  new  cellular  gateways,  providing  a  secure  direct  to  cloud  connection  to  ncd  sensors  from  anywhere  cellular  service  is  available.  modems  are  ideal  for  communicating  to  localized  computers,  servers,  and  embedded  systems.  the  main  purpose  of  a  modem  is  to  convert  data  from  wireless  sensors  and  endnode  controllers  into  standard  hardware  communication  formats  such  as  usb  virtual  com  port,  bluetooth  virtual  com  port,  wifi  tcp,  wifi  mqtt,  ethernet  tcp,  rs232,  and  rs485.  multiple  modems  may  be  used  simultaneously,  so  you  are  not  limited  to  making  a  single  choice.  add  more  modems  as  needed  to  cover  larger  areas  or  explore
__label__environmentmonitoring other  communication  technologies.  both  modems  and  gateways  offer  long  range  wireless  communications  up  to  2miles  lineofsight.  modems  and  gateways  may  also  be  used  in  a  wireless  mesh  network  to  hop  data  across  the  wireless  network  to  cover  longer  distances.  both  modems  and  gateways  may  be  grouped  into  separate  networks  on  each  floor  of  a  highrise  building  without  interference  between  floors.  we  developed  alpha  station  using  visual  studio  to  demonstrate  how  iot  sensor  data  can  be  received  and  converted  to  realworld  values.  alpha  station  allows  you  to  view  and  set  basic  configuration  settings  of  remote  sensors  up  to  2  miles  away.
__label__environmentmonitoring alpha  station  supports  our  wireless  usb  modem,  our  mega  modem,  and  our  wireless  ethernet  modem.  we  developed  a  complete  set  of  drivers  for  nodered,  so  you  can  build  your  own  flows  and  dashboards  to  help  get  you  connected.  send  ncd  iot  sensor  data  to  nodered  and  use  flows  to  build  logic  operations  to  send  alerts  or  turn  things  on  or  off.  combining  nodered  with  ncd  iot  sensors  gives  you  limitless  power  to  monitor,  control,  and  visualize  data  locally  and  remotely.  the  nodered  flow  builder  is  powerful,  allowing  you  to  build  complex  graphs  and  dashboards  in  minutes.  nodered  may  also  be
__label__environmentmonitoring used  for  advanced  gateway  applications.  send  data  to  your  favorite  iot  cloud  service  such  as  mqtt,  losant,  microsoft  ncd  nodered  libraries  are  always  expanding,  we  developed  a  complete  set  of  tutorials  for  working  with  ncd  iot  sensors  using  labview.  use  labview  to  configure  advanced  sensor  settings  or  to  graph  incoming  sensor  data.  monitor  the  battery  level  of  remote  sensors  and  watch  sensor  data  flow  over  time.  we  will  be  adding  source  code  for  labview  in  the  future,  but  for  now,  please  contact  us  if  you  have  a  urgent  need  for  source  code.  since  labview  runs  on  a  local  computer,  a
__label__environmentmonitoring usb,  rs232,  ethernet  or  mega  modem  is  required.  using  our  labview  software,  data  logging  from  a  single  sensor  is  also  possible.  simply  run  the  software  and  watch  the  graph  fill  with  data  over  time.  export  the  data  into  comma  delimited  tables  for  use  in  excel  or  into  other  data  analysis  tools.  logging  data  from  multiple  sensors  simultaneously  is  not  supported  at  this  time  in  our  software,  but  can  be  accomplished  using  losant  or  azure  web  services.  please  check  the  resources  tab  above  for  resources  relevant  to  this  product  or  all  iot  device  manufacturers  should  commit  to  iot  security  and  transparency.
__label__environmentmonitoring as  a  consumer,  you  have  the  right  to  a  iot  security  and  transparency  statement  before  purchase,  and  we  encourage  all  customers  to  demand  this  information  from  all  iot  manufacturers  and  vendors.  in  an  effort  to  be  fully  transparent  with  our  customers,  we  will  always  disclose  the  most  important  security  related  information  at  the  bottom  of  each  product  page  for  all  iot  devices.  under  no  circumstances  does  ncd  use  iot  devices  to  collect  customer  data,  sensor  readings,  or  other  information  without  full  disclosure.  as  a  matter  of  ncd  iot  security  policy,  any  iot  device  that  collects  any  form  of  data  must
__label__environmentmonitoring be  disclosed  in  the  iot  security  and  transparency  statement.  relevant  security  information  pertaining  to  this  particular  device  is  indicated  below:  longrange  wireless  mesh  networking  is  our  favorite  of  all  wireless  communication  technologies.  this  is  the  only  communications  technology  ncd  recommends  on  the  factory  floor,  operating  at  a  safe  900mhz.  mesh  technology  will  hop  data  from  one  location  to  another  to  reach  its  intended  destination,  users  do  not  need  to  do  anything  other  than  make  sure  wireless  modules  stay  within  hopping  range  of  each  other.  we  use  the  digi  900hps3b  module  in  many  of  our  products,  as  this  is  the  best
__label__environmentmonitoring industry  has  to  offer.  with  a  2  mile  range  between  modules  and  up  to  8  hops,  it  is  possible  to  cover  16  miles  of  wirelessterritory  using  this  technology.  using  highgain  antennas,  this  module  is  capable  of  communicating  to  a  remote  module  up  to  28  miles  away.  please  note  that  data  hopping  only  works  between  live  devices.  data  will  not  hop  between  sleeping  sensors.  data  will  hop  from  sensors  to  gateways  and  modems.  data  will  also  hop  between  gateways  and  modems.  not  for  use  in  outdoor  applications  or  for  use  in  excessive  temperature  conditions.  prolonged  freezing  will  prevent  batteries  from  functioning
__label__environmentmonitoring until  thawed,  using  extended  temperature  range  industrial  batteries  included  may  improve  the  useful  temperature  range.  extended  freezing  applications  should  use  a  fulltime  powered  solution.  prolonged  exposure  to  extreme  humidity  conditions  may  damage  this  device.  the  sensing  element  is  rated  for  use  for  5  years  and  may  be  replaced.  exposure  to  high  temperatures  may  cause  the  batteries  to  leak,  causing  permanent  damage  to  this  device.  ncd  warranty  does  not  cover  battery  corrosion  or  use  in  excessively  smoky  environments  under  any  circumstances.  when  using  an  900hps3bcommunication  module,  it  is  essential  that  you  use  the  to  configure  the  module  settings.  longrange  wireless  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring may  be  programmed  over  the  air  without  removing  the  communications  module.  a  or  a  gateway  of  some  kind  that  support  the  900hps3b  communications  module  will  also  be  required.  this  product  requires  extensive  manufacturing  and  testing  times.  lead  times  for  enterprise  series  devices  is  typically  710  business  days.  please  choose  a  wireless  communications  module  that  is  legal  for  use  in  your  region.  please  note:  transmission  range  will  be  affected  by  the  product  options  selected  below.  if  you  are  in  north  america,  we  strongly  suggest  the  900mhz  option  for  best  results.  if  you  are  in  europe,  the  868mhz  version  is  the  only
__label__environmentmonitoring legal  option.  the  2.4ghz  option  is  certified  for  use  in  the  united  states,  australia,  brazil,  japan,  and  south  korea.  please  note  the  2.4ghz  version  will  not  penetrate  objects  as  well  as  the  900mhz  and  868mhz  versions.  if  you  need  help  choosing  a  wireless  option,  please  contact  us.  this  option  will  determine  how  we  build  this  product  and  any  applicable  accessories  that  may  be  displayed  below.  do  you  need  to  extend  the  antenna?  use  any  of  these  antenna  extension  cables:  ncd  offers  many  custom  iot  electronic  design  services  to  help  tailor  our  product  to  your  exact  needs.  whether  you  are  looking
__label__environmentmonitoring for  custom  firmware,  circuit  board  modifications,  metal  enclosures,  or  industrial  color  printing,  we  can  help  you  with  a  wide  variety  of  design  services.  ncd  engineers  can  help  build  a  customized  solution  for  your  particular  application  based  on  the  designs  you  see  on  our  website.  we  can  combine  devices  onto  a  single  board,  change  the  shape,  or  even  some  of  the  components  to  meet  your  exact  needs.  we  also  provide  turnkey  metal  enclosures  with  powder  coating  and  fullcolor  printing  on  the  top  side  starting  at  just  500  for  setup  we  have  more  than  20  years  of  experience  in  electronics  design  and
__label__environmentmonitoring manufacturing.  all  of  our  products  are  designed  and  manufactured  in  the  usa,  so  we  are  here  to  support  the  products  we  make.  we  only  ask  that  our  customers  prototype  their  needs  using  our  existing  products  before  we  customize.  all  you  have  to  do  is  and  we  will  walk  you  through  the  process  from  beginning  to  end,  based  on  your  individual  needs.  some  people  are  surprised  at  how  fast  we  finish  cad  design  usually  a  few  hours,  but  keep  in  mind,  .  when  we  customize  product,  here  are  the  general  services  we  provide:  to  learn  something  new,  take  the  path  that
__label__environmentmonitoring due  to  a  large  influx  of  orders  some  users  may  experience  extended  lead  times  while  we  work  through  our  production  queue.  please  for  any  urgent  orders.  you  are  using  an  unsupported  browser  please  upgrade  your  version  of  ie  to  at  least  9,  or  use  a  modern  browser  such  as  or  .  temperature  humidity  sensors  are  one  of  the  most  common  and  widely  used  sensors  with  arduino  and  other  iot  platforms.  there  are  so  many  use  cases  where  a  temperature  humidity  sensors  can  be  used  to  detect  potential  problem  like  frozen  pipes,  broken  freezers,  malfunctioning  air  conditioning,  water/humidity  detection  in  crawl
__label__environmentmonitoring spaces  and  much  more.  in  this  iot  arduino  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  project  we  will  interface  a  long  range  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  with  arduino.  these  readings  can  be  used  to  set  an  alarm  or  to  send  an  alert.  there  are  so  many  sensors  which  can  be  connected  to  arduino  but  there  are  not  many  which  can  connect  with  arduino  over  a  wireless  connection.  the  devices  which  could  have  a  few  short  comings  like:  in  this  article  we  will  use  a  ncd.io  long  range  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  with  arduino  due.  we  will  use  xbee  s3b  as  communication  module.  here
__label__environmentmonitoring is  a  list  of  the  hardware  we  will  be  using  to  build  this  arduino  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  what  makes  this  long  range  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  so  special?  the  working  principle  of  theiot  arduino  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  is  pretty  straightforward,  the  wireless  sensor  will  send  a  data  packet  after  a  user  defined  interval.  the  data  packet  contains  a  sensor  node  id,  sensor  type,  device  battery  voltage,  temperature  readings  and  humidity  readings.  on  the  arduino  side  we  will  write  a  short  script  which  will  decode  this  incoming  data  and  will  display  the  battery  voltage,  temperature  values  and  humidity  values.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  this  setup  we  will  have  one  sensor  but  this  same  script  can  be  used  to  read  hundreds  sensors.  to  know  more  about  the  iot  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  checkout  .  wiring  diagram?  we  specialize  in  plug  and  play  this  is  a  wireless  solution  which  is  designed  to  work  out  of  the  box,  so  there  is  no  wiring.  arduino  code  to  read  iot  wireless  temperature  humidity  sensor  :  the  code  is  real  simple:  all  you  will  need  to  do  is  read  the  incoming  data  on  the  serial  port  and  convert  it  into  temperature  humidity  values.  the  code  can  be  found
__label__environmentmonitoring on  our  page  as  well:  applications:  usb  virtual  com  port  a  usb  virtual  com  port  allows  you  to  use  a  usb  interface  to  talk  to  serial  devices.  this  essentially  gives  users  a  simple  pathway  to  communicating  to  peripherals  using  software  development  tools  that  support  serial  communications,  a  relatively  common  standard  is  most  programming  languages.  if  you  have  ever  attempted  to  write  a  program  that  communicates  with  a  usb  peripheral  device,  you  will  quickly  find  that  it  is  a  rather  ...  reading  420ma  current  loop  sensors  using  arduino  reading  420ma  current  loop  sensors  using  arduino  is  much  easier  than  you  might
__label__environmentmonitoring think.  follow  this  simple  guide  and  we  will  show  you  a  few  tips  to  make  it  fast  and  easy.  420ma  current  loop  is  most  common  and  widely  used  communication  method  in  an  industrial  environment.  this  420ma  current  loop  interface  is  also  known  as  2  wire  interface  technology.  despite  being  one  of  the  oldestindustry  sta...  build  in  the  spirit  of  making  hardware  more  accessible,  weve  had  our  noses  to  the  grindstone  building  new  functionality  for  our  favorite  iot  ui,  nodered.  if  youve  never  heard  of  it,  check  it  outhere.  if  you  havent  used  this  amazing  tool  yet,  get  ready  for  a
__label__environmentmonitoring treatnodered  is  a  flowbased  programming  tool  that  lends  itself  extremely  well  to  iot,  and  comes  preloaded  with  enough  functionality  to  play  with  that  you  can  easil...  introduction  if  you  are  new  to  the  idea  of  a  computer  controlled  relay,  then  this  introduction  to  switching  and  relay  controllers  will  teach  you  all  you  need  to  know  a  relay  is  best  defined  as  a  switch  that  is  operated  by  an  electromagnet.  a  relay  controller  is  a  device  that  is  used  to  control  a  bank  of  switches.  a  relay  controller  works  by  turning  on  and  off  magnetic  coils  under  logic  control.  a  computer
__label__environmentmonitoring controlled  relay  driver  allows  you...  quickly  get  nodered  set  up  to  communicate  with  your  wireless  sensor  network  with  zero  code  required.  relay  logic  is  all  about  wiring  up  relays  for  logical  switching  applications.  this  page  demonstrates  several  simple  ways  to  wire  a  relay  for  various  applications.  relay  logic  provides  you  with  a  guide  for  using  ncd  relay  controllers,  and  how  they  can  be  wired  for  many  types  of  applications.  use  relay  logic  to  control  the  forward  or  reverse  direction  of  motors.  use  relay  logic  to  control  lights  using  relays  in  standard  applications  as  well...  interfacing  differential  pressure  sensor  with  arduino
__label__environmentmonitoring ams  59150100d  ams5915  is  a  highly  precise  differential  pressure  sensor  with  a  digital  icinterface.  this  high  accuracy  pressure  sensor  can  be  used  for  various  applications  and  various  pressure  ranges,  differential  relative  devices  in  the  pressure  range  from  0  to  100  mbar.  in  this  project,  we  are  using  ams59150100d  an  industrial  grade  differential  pressure  sensor.  we  can  also  calculate  ...  introduction  to  serial  communications  rs232  so,  you  might  thinkserial  communications  is  dead.  a  serial  port  is  nowhere  to  be  found  on  most  of  todays  motherboards.  after  all,  you  cant  even  buy  a  printer  or  a  modem  that  works  from  the  serial
__label__environmentmonitoring port  of  your  computer  anymore.  webcams  and  hard  drives  are  best  connected  through  the  usb  port  of  a  computer,  and  theres  no  need  for  a  serial  port.  its  just  too  slow,  too  old,  ...  to  learn  something  new,  take  the  path  that  you  took  yesterday.  john  burroughs  or
__label__environmentmonitoring 4,973  34  this  article  documents  the  practical  ruggedisation  and  onward  development  of  an  earlier  instructable  :  including  all  the  necessary  software  functionality  to  enable  the  successful  deployment  in  a  domestic  home  environment.  .  as  mentioned  above  this  instructable  describes  the  bringing  together  of  an  earlier  iot  example  with  a  reliable  systems  design  allowing  for  the  successful  handling  of  practical  use  cases  such  as;  catastrophic  power  loss,  mqtt  broker  failure,  wifi  n/w  failure,  remote  sensor  reconfiguration,  configurable  reporting  strategy  to  reduce  network  traffic  and  bespoke  sensor  calibration.  a  total  of  6  off  devices  were  created  see  pic  1  above  and  distributed
__label__environmentmonitoring around  my  home  to  form  my  first  iot  sensor  network.  the  instructable  also  sees  a  review  of  the  mqtt  naming  convention  as  used  in  the  initial  iot  home  automation  series  giving  way  to  a  more  balanced,  practical  structure  allowing  for  simpler  debugging  of  iot  traffic  in  a  multi  iot  device  environment.  what  follows  are  full  design  details  of  the  iot  sensor  including;  construction,  source  code,  testing  strategy  and  openhab  configurations.  .  .  .  .  .  .  to  part  7  :  to  part  9  :  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how
__label__environmentmonitoring you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  picture  1  above  shows  the  full  circuit  design  for  the  iot  sensor.  at  the  heart  of  the  iot  device  is  the  esp826601  which  is  connected  to  a  dht22  temperature/humidity  sensor  via  a  10k  pull  up  resistor  to  gpio2.  an  external  5v  is  sourced  with  a  switched  mode  supply  and  fed  to  the  device  through  a  2mm  dc  panel  mount  socket  and  regulated  locally  with  an  ld111733v,  3v3  ldo  voltage  regulator  mounted  to  an  external  heat  sink  with  a  bzp  m3  pan  head  screw  and  nut.  the  design  includes  a  3mm  red  led  connected  to
__label__environmentmonitoring gpio0  which  is  used  to  give  local  indication  of  the  status  of  the  iot  device  during  start  up  or  any  subsequent  error  condition.  it  can  also  be  used  to  identify  the  device  by  manual  activation  via  the  openhab  interface.  the  full  design  fits  neatly  into  an  abs  potting  box  as  shown  above  in  picture  2  and  was  laid  out  specifically  to  ensure  the  sensor  is  as  far  as  possible  from  the  regulator  to  prevent  biasing  due  to  local  heating  effects  picture  7  above.  the  circuit  board  is  a  single  piece  of  veroboard,  cut  to  shape  and  made  to  fit  into
__label__environmentmonitoring the  enclosure  picture  3  above.  this  board  is  fixed  in  position  with  an  m3  countersunk  nylon  screw  and  two  nuts  which  fits  flush  with  the  underside  of  the  sensor,  thus  allowing  it  to  sit  on  a  flat  surface.  pictures  4  ...  6  show  various  states  of  construction.  this  iot  temperature  and  humidity  sensing  device  contains  six  key  software  components  as  shown  in  pic  1  above.  this  is  the  onboard  spi  flash  filing  system  and  is  used  to  hold  the  following  information  see  pic  2  above;  note  :  to  initially  set  up  the  device  see  for  full  details  on  how  to
__label__environmentmonitoring use  spiffs  with  the  arduino  ide.  .  this  functionality  is  invoked  when  the  iot  device  has  failed  to  connect  to  your  wifi  network  as  a  wifi  station  and  instead  has  become  a  wifi  access  point  something  akin  to  a  domestic  wifi  router.  in  the  case  of  such  a  router  you  would  typically  connect  to  it  by  entering  the  ip  address  of  something  like  192.168.1.1  usually  printed  on  a  label  affixed  to  the  box  directly  into  your  browser  url  bar  whereupon  you  would  receive  a  login  page  to  enter  the  username  and  password  to  allow  you  to  configure  the  device.  for
__label__environmentmonitoring the  esp8266  in  ap  mode  access  point  mode  the  device  defaults  to  the  ip  address  192.168.4.1,  however  with  the  mdns  server  running  you  only  have  to  enter  the  human  friendly  name  sensorsvr.local  into  the  browser  url  bar  to  see  the  sensor  configuration  home  page.  .  the  mqtt  client  provides  all  the  necessary  functionality  to;  connect  to  your  iot  network  mqtt  broker,  subscribe  to  the  topics  of  your  choice  and  publish  payloads  to  a  given  topic.  in  short  it  provisions  iot  core  functionality.  .  as  mentioned  above,  if  the  iot  device  is  unable  to  connect  to  the  wifi  network  whose  ssid,
__label__environmentmonitoring p/w  etc.  is  defined  in  the  security  information  file  held  in  spiffs  the  device  will  become  an  access  point.  once  connected  to  the  wifi  network  provided  by  the  access  point,  the  presence  of  an  http  web  server  allows  you  to  directly  connect  to  the  device  and  change  its  configuration  via  the  use  of  an  http  web  browser  its  purpose  being  to  serve  up  the  sensor  configuration  home  page  web  page  which  is  also  held  in  spiffs.  .  this  functionality  gives  the  iot  device  the  capability  to  connect  to  a  domestic  wifi  network  using  the  parameters  in  the  security  information  file,
__label__environmentmonitoring without  this  your  iot  device  will  not  be  able  to  subscribe/publish  to  the  mqtt  broker  .  the  ability  to  become  a  wifi  access  point  is  a  means  by  which  the  iot  device  allows  you  to  connect  to  it  and  make  configuration  changes  via  a  wifi  station  and  a  browser  such  as  safari  on  the  apple  ipad.  this  access  point  broadcasts  an  ssid  sensor  the  last  6  digits  of  the  mac  address  of  the  iot  device.  the  password  for  this  closed  network  is  imaginatively  named  password  .  pubsubclient.h  dht.h  .  the  software  makes  use  of  the  statemachine  as  shown  in  pic
__label__environmentmonitoring 1  above  full  copy  of  source  given  below.  there  are  5  main  states  as  below;  the  events  controlling  transitions  between  states  are  described  in  pic  1  above.  transitions  between  states  is  also  governed  by  the  following  secvals  parameters;  as  mentioned  above  if  the  iot  device  is  unable  to  connect  as  a  wifi  station  to  the  wifi  network  whos  ssid  and  p/w  is  defined  in  secvals.txt  held  in  spiffs  the  iot  device  will  become  an  access  point.  once  connected  to  this  access  point  it  will  serve  up  the  sensor  configuration  home  page  as  shown  above  in  pic  2  by  entering  either
__label__environmentmonitoring sensorsvr.local  or  192.168.4.1  into  your  browsers  url  address  bar.  this  home  page  allows  the  reconfiguration  of  the  sensor  via  an  http  browser.  once  connected  to  the  mqtt  broker  it  is  also  possible  to  both  recalibrate  and  reconfigure  the  device  via  mqtt  topic  publications.  the  file  calvals.txt  has  r/w  access  and  secvals.txt  has  write  only  access  exposed.  .  during  the  boot  sequence  the  iot  device  led  gives  the  following  debug  feedback  .  when  the  iot  device  powers  up,  as  part  of  the  boot  sequence  a  file  named  cavals.txt  is  read  from  spiffs.  the  contents  of  this  file  are  calibration  constants  as
__label__environmentmonitoring indicated  above  in  pic  1.  these  calibration  constants  are  used  to  adjust  the  readings  acquired  from  the  sensor  to  bring  them  into  line  with  a  reference  device.  there  is  one  further  value  which  defines  a  reporting  strategy  for  the  device  and  is  described  below  along  with  the  procedure  followed  to  calibrate  the  sensors.  .  this  parameter  determines  how  the  remote  sensor  reports  any  ambient  parametric  changes  local  to  it.  if  a  value  of  0  is  selected  the  remote  sensor  will  publish  any  change  it  sees  in  the  temperature  or  humidity  values  each  time  the  sensor  is  read  approx  every  10
__label__environmentmonitoring seconds.  any  other  value  will  delay  the  publication  of  a  change  by  1...60  minutes.  modifying  this  parameter  allows  for  optimisation  of  mqtt  network  traffic.  .  to  calibrate  the  sensors  they  were  placed  in  close  physical  proximity  with  each  other  as  show  above  in  pic  2.  along  side  them  i  placed  a  dmm  with  a  calibrated  thermocouple  attached  fluke  87  v  and  then  monitored  the  outputs  from  each  device  via  the  openhab  temperature  trend  page  over  the  course  of  a  day  to  get  a  good  temperature  swing.  i  noted  both  the  static  offset  elevated  zero  c  and  the  rate  of  change
__label__environmentmonitoring of  each  device  gain,  or  slope  of  graph  m  relative  to  that  of  the  value  coming  from  the  calibrated  thermocouple.  i  then  calculated  the  simple  ymxc  relationship  i  found  it  was  sufficiently  linear  as  to  be  a  close  approximation  to  a  straight  line  graph  and  programmed  any  necessary  corrections  into  the  calibration  constants  via  mqttspy.  the  devices  were  then  monitored  for  a  further  24hrs  to  ensure  the  calibration  was  successful.  an  indication  of  which  was  the  temperature  traces  on  the  openhab  temperature  trend  page  were  all  pretty  much  on  top  of  each  other.  .  of  course  if  you  are  only
__label__environmentmonitoring interested  in  an  approximation  to  the  temperature  you  can  leave  all  the  calibration  values  as  default.  .  as  i  possess  no  means  to  accurately  record  or  even  control  local  ambient  humidity,  to  calibrate  the  sensors  i  used  a  similar  approach  that  of  the  above,  by  placing  all  the  devices  in  close  physical  proximity  pic  2  and  simply  monitoring  their  output  via  the  openhab  humidity  tend  page.  i  then  picked  device  1  as  the  calibration  reference  and  calibrated  all  the  devices  relative  to  this.  .  after  much  trial  and  error  i  settled  on  the  topic  naming  convention  outlined  in  pic  1
__label__environmentmonitoring above.  namely,  its  not  perfect  but  it  does  allow  for  useful  filters  to  be  applied  to  see  all  sensor  outputs  for  a  given  parametric  value  thus  allowing  for  easy  comparison  as  in  pic  2  above  with  mqttspy.  it  also  supports  reasonably  extensible  logical  groupings  of  functionality  within  a  given  iot  device.  .  in  implementing  these  topics  in  software  i  used  hard  coded  topic  strings  with  fixed,  embedded  numerical  identifiers  for  each  device  as  opposed  to  dynamically  generating  the  topics  at  run  time  so  as  to  save  on  ram  and  keep  performance  high.  .  note  :  if  youre  not  sure  how
__label__environmentmonitoring to  use  mqttspy  see  here  i  modified  the  openhab  configuration  given  in  my  earlier  instructable  and  added  in  individual  entries  for;  in  the  site  map  see  pic  1  above.  for  each  of  these  entries  i  added  individual  sitemaps  exposing  local  ambient  values  see  pic  2  above;  i  also  included  a  switch  to  control  the  local  led  mounted  within  the  sensor.  pictures  3  ...5  show  individual  live  traces  over  the  period  of  24hrs  for  temperature,  humidity  and  rssi  received  signal  strength  indication,  basically  a  measure  of  how  well  the  sensor  can  see  the  wifi  network.  picture  6  gives  an  example  of
__label__environmentmonitoring a  long  term  humidity  trend  over  the  period  of  a  week.  .  if  youre  not  sure  how  to  use  openhab  see  here  a  copy  of  the  modified  sitemap,  rules  and  items  files,  icons  etc.  is  given  below.  for  the  most  part  i  tested  the  iot  device  over  the  mqtt  connection  with  mqtt  spy,  monitoring  led  output  and  debug  traffic  on  the  serial  interface.  this  allowed  me  to  exercise  all  of  the  available  subscribed  topics  and  check  the  published  responses.  although  this  was  achieved  manually  and  become  a  bit  tedious  at  times,  it  enabled  100  coverage.  however  the  main  state  machine
__label__environmentmonitoring proved  to  be  a  little  tricky  to  test  as  it  relied  upon  the  presence  or  absence  of  a  wifi  network,  access  to  which  requiring  specific  parameter  sets.  it  simply  wasnt  practical  to  use  the  home  network  for  this.  to  get  round  this  issue  i  created  my  own  set  of  dummy  networks  using  esp826601  configured  as  access  points  pic  1  with  ssids  of  dummynet1  and  dummynet2  respectively.  using  the  circuit  in  pic  2  above  the  led  gave  an  indication  if  an  iot  device  had  connected  to  it.  whilst  this  wasnt  a  perfect  testing  solution  ie.  each  of  these  dummy  wifi  networks
__label__environmentmonitoring didnt  contain  an  mqtt  server  it  was  possible  to  fully  test  the  state  machine.  ive  included  a  copy  of  the  source  code  below.  the  software  in  the  iot  devices  has  worked  reliably  for  many  months  now  recovering  from  household  power  outages  mainly  caused  by  myself.  overall  they  are  pretty  robust  devices  giving  consistent  and  accurate  data.  .  in  developing  software  routines  to  read  and  write  to  spiffs  i  wrote  code  which  in  hind  sight  may  be  a  little  more  advanced  than  i  had  intended,  using  void  pointers,  recasting  and  pointers  to  pointers.  whilst  its  very  flexible  and  does  the  job
__label__environmentmonitoring well,  next  time  i  may  use  json  someting  along  the  lines  of  configfile.ino  to  keep  it  a  little  simpler.  .  i  had  intended  to  use  an  mdns  client  to  connect  to  the  broker  but  the  library  was  too  flakey.  this  is  why  it  is  necessary  to  specify  the  mqtt  broker  ip  address  as  opposed  to  mqttsvr.local.  should  the  mdns  library  become  more  stable  in  the  future  ill  add  this  capability  to  the  device.  .  it  would  have  been  nice  to  have  a  means  of  both  accurately  monitoring  and  control  ambient  humidity  to  calibrate  the  sensors  against.  however  that  said  the
__label__environmentmonitoring calibration  method  chosen  gives  good  relative  readings  and  seems  reasonably  accurate  in  line  with  the  specification  in  the  dht22  data  sheet.  .  finally,  given  the  complexity  of  the  software  i  found  fully  testing  the  code  after  a  major  change  was  becoming  time  consuming.  i  may  consider  automated  testing  at  a  later  date.  i  used  the  following  sources  to  put  this  instructable  together;  dht22  datasheet  .  participated  in  the  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,593  enrolled  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring 7,442  24  9  in  a  ,  i  presented  a  step  by  step  guide  to  get  started  with  the  esp8266  nodemcu  and  the  .  in  this  tutorial,  im  connecting  a  dht11  sensor  to  the  node  mcu.  the  dht11  is  a  commonly  used  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  for  prototypes  monitoring  the  ambient  temperature  and  humidity  of  a  given  area.  the  sensor  can  measure  temperature  from  0c  to  50c  with  an  accuracy  of  2c  and  humidity  from  20  to  90  with  an  accuracy  of  5  rh.  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you
__label__environmentmonitoring incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  the  material  required  is  composed  from:  you  may  find  the  dht11  sensor  in  two  different  pinout  configurations:  :  in  this  demo,  we  will  be  using  the  dht  sensor  with  3  pins,  mounted  to  a  small  pcb  and  includes  a  required  surface  mounted  for  the  data  line.  wiring  the  dht11  bcb  mounted  version  to  the  nodemcu  is  quite  easy:  the  data  pin  to  gpio2  d4  you  need  to  create  an  asksensors  account.  get  free  account  at  .  i  assume  that  you  are  programming  the  module  using  the  arduino  ide  setup  version  1.6.7  or  newer  as  described
__label__environmentmonitoring and  you  have  already  made  up  this  ,  so  you  have  the  esp8266  core  and  libraries  installed,  and  you  are  able  to  connect  your  nodemcu  to  internet  through  wifi.  change  these  three  lines  in  the  code:  by  default,  the  provided  code  reads  dht  measurements  and  sends  it  to  the  asksensors  platform  every  25  seconds.  you  can  change  it  by  modifying  the  line  below:  now,  return  back  to  asksensors  and  visualize  your  modules  data  in  graphs.  if  needed,  you  have  also  the  option  to  export  your  data  in  csv  files  that  you  can  process  using  other  tools.  i  hope  that  this
__label__environmentmonitoring tutorial  helped  you  to  build  your  system  of  temperature  and  humidity  monitoring  with  the  esp8266  and  the  asksensors  cloud.  you  can  find  more  tutorials  .  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,593  enrolled  5  months  ago  on  how  to  change  temperature  from  celsius  to  fahrenheit?  8  months  ago  hello,i  tried  a  similar  project  but  im  using  arduino  mega  to  display  the  temperature  on  an  lcd,i  want  to  make  a  kit  that  measures  temp  and  humid  but  also  upload  the  code  on  cloud,luckily  i  have  been  able  to  made  it  but  despite  that  i  want  to  modify  the
__label__environmentmonitoring project  that  ask  the  user  to  input  the  ssid  and  password  to  connect  to  a  network  without  going  through  programming.i  searched  about  interfacing  mini  keyboard  with  the  arduino  or  nodemcu,unfortunately  all  ive  got  is  interfacing  4x4  matrix  keypad.any  solution  or  idea  for  that  guys?  thanks  9  months  ago  hello  thanks  for  detailed  project  i  already  did  all  instructions,  with  successful  upload  code,  however  i  get  an  error  during  serial  monitoring  connection  failed  14:07:02.369  connecting  to  host  :  14:07:02.860  connection  failed  14:07:03.882  temperature:  19.10  c  14:07:03.882  humidity:  81.00  14:07:03.882  connecting  to  host  :  14:07:04.373  connection  failed  14:07:05.393  temperature:  19.10  c  14:07:05.393
__label__environmentmonitoring humidity:  81.00  14:07:05.393  connecting  to  host  :  14:07:05.887  connection  failed  any  help  would  be  appreciated  thanks  answer  9  months  ago  hello,  it  looks  like  a  tls  certificate  issue.  please  try  this  version  of  code  :  reply  9  months  ago  thanks  for  the  reply  i  just  tried  it  it  still  does  not  show  results  on  asksensors  ,  by  the  way,  i  checked  if  my  esp8266  and  it  is  working  fine,  i  tested  with  the  example  sending  random  data  to  my  module  on  ask  sensors  and  it  worked  however  still  not  able  to  send  my  dht  readings  to  asksensors,  heres  what  i
__label__environmentmonitoring got  from  serial  monitoring  23:01:31.930  requesting  url:  /api.asksensors/write/ewno4thcpmztipsoi8fq8mdba5ffexsl?module118.90module282.00  23:01:31.930  request  sent  to  asksensors  23:01:57.966  temperature:  18.90  c  23:01:57.966  humidity:  81.00  23:01:57.966  connecting  to  host  :  23:01:58.454  connection  failed  reply  9  months  ago  hello,  looks  like  your  esp8266  is  not  able  to  connect  through  https,  i  tried  to  send  data  to  your  sensor  from  the  browser,  it  works  fine.  one  of  the  fixes  suggested  by  the  asksensors  community  is  to  set  the  client  to  insecure  by  putting  client.setinsecure;  in  the  setup  function:  i  have  tested  it,  it  works  as  expected.  reply  9  months  ago  it  is  working  thank  you  so  much
__label__environmentmonitoring :  1  year  ago  on  il  faut  3.5v  pour  dht11  ou  22  il  faut  mieux  tirer  lalim  du  dut11/22  au  5v  et  mettre  data  au  3v  reply  1  year  ago  bonjour  philippe,  oui,  cest  ce  qui  est  dfini  dans  les  specs.  mais  sa  marche  aussi  bien  avec  3v3,  une  alim  trs  accessible  sur  le  kit,  donc  beaucoup  plus  simple  :.  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  article?  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring youre  using  an  outofdate  version  of  internet  explorer.  to  browse  academia.edu  and  the  wider  internet  faster  and  more  securely,  please  take  a  few  seconds  to  .  loading  preview  sorry,  preview  is  currently  unavailable.  you  can  download  the  paper  by  clicking  the  button  above.  enter  the  email  address  you  signed  up  with  and  well  email  you  a  reset  link.
__label__environmentmonitoring add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  measuring  temperature  and  humidity  with  arduino  and  uploading  it  to  the  server  project  showcase  by  and  measuring  temperature  and  humidity  with  arduino  and  uploading  it  to  the  server  i  wanted  to  check  the  temperature  and  humidity  of  the  house  on  the  internet  anytime  and  anywhere.  iot  technology  was  used  to  measure  the  temperature  and  humidity  values  of  the  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  and  to  design  a  device  for  uploading  the  internet  through  the  wifi  module  please  or  to  comment.  and  8  others  this  project  will  show  how  to  make  a  graphical  display  of
__label__environmentmonitoring temperature  and  humidity.  project  tutorial  by  this  project  shows  you  how  to  measure  temperature  and  humidity  and  record  data  on  an  sdcard  with  an  arduino  uno  and  an  ethernet  shield.  project  tutorial  by  platform  for  processing  of  streaming  temperature  data  using  arduino,  dht  sensor,  esp8266  module  and  big  data  /  hadoop  ecosystem  tools.  project  showcase  by  it  can  measure  fine  dust,  humidity,  temperature  and  co2  concentration  in  the  air  and  check  it  on  the  internet  in  real  time.  project  tutorial  by  this  project  will  show  you  how  to  use  temperature  and  hmidity  dht11  and  dht22  sensors  with  an  arduino  card.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  provide  stateoftheart  sensors  and  software  solutions  to  a  wide  variety  of  industries  and  customers.  automated  monitoring  of  temperature  and  humidity  of  products  during  their  delivery,  the  processing  and  inside  the  storing  facilities  enhances  and  maintains  the  overall  quality.  weather  management  for  sowing  checking  storage  conditions  after  the  harvest  many  working  steps  can  be  optimized  with  sensors  measuring  and  humidity.  vaccinations  and  drugs  are  very  sensitive  in  their  storing.  sensors  enable  controlling,  maintaining  and  documenting  the  optimal  storing  conditions  at  hospitals  or  pharmacies.  optimal  climate  conditions  boost  wellbeing,  mood  and  the  ability  to  concentrate.  with  a  sensor  solution,  temperature  and
__label__environmentmonitoring humidity  can  be  measured,  monitored  and  controlled.  maintaining  product  quality  during  the  storing  is  ensured  with  the  use  of  humidity  and  temperature  sensors  to  measure,  monitor  and  document  conditions.  iot  and  sensors  can  be  used  for  a  variety  of  cases:  saunas  or  maintaining  fire  training  equipment,  the  possible  application  areas  are  endless.  wichmandsgade  1,  1st  floor  left  5000  odense  c  dkdenmark  45  88  44  11  90
__label__environmentmonitoring when  it  comes  to  the  internet  of  things,  there  are  almost  endless  possibilities.  the  true  challenge  is  building  real  solutions  which  are  viable  and  scalable  to  bring  new  value  to  a  business.  this  challenge  is  particularly  significant  for  applications  where  things  by  nature  move  around,  cannot  be  plugged  in  and  need  to  last  a  very  long  time?  this  is  where  the  mcthings  platform  can  truly  provide  a  valuable  solution  2019  mcthings.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  are  everywhere.  theyre  in  our  homes  and  workplaces,  our  shopping  centers  and  hospitals.  theyre  embedded  in  smart  phones  and  an  integral  part  of  the  internet  of  things  iot.  sensors  have  been  around  for  a  long  time.  the  first  thermostat  was  introduced  in  the  late  1880s  and  infrared  sensors  have  been  around  since  the  late  1940s.  the  iot  and  its  counterpart,  the  ,  are  bringing  sensor  usage  to  a  new  level.  broadly  speaking,  sensors  are  devices  that  detect  and  respond  to  changes  in  an  environment.  inputs  can  come  from  a  variety  of  sources  such  as  light,  temperature,  motion  and  pressure.
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  output  valuable  information  and  if  they  are  connected  to  a  network,  they  can  share  data  with  other  connected  devices  and  management  systems.  sensors  come  in  many  shapes  and  sizes.  some  are  purposebuilt  containing  many  builtin  individual  sensors,  allowing  you  to  monitor  and  measure  many  sources  of  data.  ,  its  key  for  sensors  to  include  digital  and  analog  inputs  so  that  they  can  read  data  from  legacy  sensors.  there  are  many  types  of  iot  sensors  and  an  even  greater  number  of  applications  and  use  cases.  here  are  10  of  the  more  popular  types  of  iot  sensors  and  some  of  their
__label__environmentmonitoring use  cases.  temperature  sensors  measure  the  amount  of  heat  energy  in  a  source,  allowing  them  to  detect  temperature  changes  and  convert  these  changes  to  data.  machinery  used  in  often  requires  environmental  and  device  temperatures  to  be  at  specific  levels.  similarly,  within  agriculture,  soil  temperature  is  a  key  factor  for  crop  growth.  these  types  of  sensors  measure  the  amount  of  water  vapor  in  the  atmosphere  of  air  or  other  gases.humidity  sensors  are  commonly  found  in  heating,  vents  and  air  conditioning  hvac  systems  in  both  industrial  and  residential  domains.  they  can  be  found  in  many  other  areas  including  hospitals,  and  meteorology  stations
__label__environmentmonitoring to  report  and  predict  weather.  a  pressure  sensor  senses  changes  in  gases  and  liquids.  when  the  pressure  changes,  the  sensor  detects  these  changes,  and  communicates  them  to  connected  systems.  common  use  cases  include  leak  testing  which  can  be  a  result  of  decay.  pressure  sensors  are  also  useful  in  the  manufacturing  of  water  systems  as  it  is  easy  to  detect  fluctuations  or  drops  in  pressure.  proximity  sensors  are  used  for  noncontact  detection  of  objects  near  the  sensor.  these  types  of  sensors  often  emit  electromagnetic  fields  or  beams  of  radiation  such  as  infrared.  proximity  sensors  have  some  interesting  use  cases.  in  retail,
__label__environmentmonitoring a  proximity  sensor  can  detect  the  motion  between  a  customer  and  a  product  in  which  he  or  she  is  interested.  the  user  can  be  notified  of  any  discounts  or  special  offers  of  products  located  near  the  sensor.  proximity  sensors  are  also  used  in  the  parking  lots  of  malls,  stadiums  and  airports  to  indicate  parking  availability.  they  can  also  be  used  on  the  assembly  lines  of  chemical,  food  and  many  other  types  of  industries.  level  sensors  are  used  to  detect  the  level  of  substances  including  liquids,  powders  and  granular  materials.  many  industries  including  oil  manufacturing,  water  treatment  and  beverage  and  food
__label__environmentmonitoring manufacturing  factories  use  level  sensors.  waste  management  systems  provide  a  common  use  case  as  level  sensors  can  detect  the  level  of  waste  in  a  garbage  can  or  dumpster.  accelerometers  detect  an  objects  acceleration  i.e.  the  rate  of  change  of  the  objects  velocity  with  respect  to  time.  accelerometers  can  also  detect  changes  to  gravity.  use  cases  for  accelerometers  include  smart  pedometers  and  monitoring  driving  fleets.  they  can  also  be  used  as  antitheft  protection  alerting  the  system  if  an  object  that  should  be  stationary  is  moved.  gyroscope  sensors  measure  the  angular  rate  or  velocity,  often  defined  as  a  measurement  of  speed  and
__label__environmentmonitoring rotation  around  an  axis.  use  cases  include  automotive,  such  as  car  navigation  and  electronic  stability  control  antiskid  systems.  additional  use  cases  include  motion  sensing  for  video  games,  and  camerashake  detection  systems.  these  types  of  sensors  monitor  and  detect  changes  in  air  quality,  including  the  presence  of  toxic,  combustible  or  hazardous  gasses.  industries  using  gas  sensors  include  mining,  oil  and  gas,  chemical  research  andmanufacturing.  a  common  consumer  use  case  is  the  familiar  carbon  dioxide  detectors  used  in  many  homes.  these  types  of  sensors  sense  characteristics  in  their  surroundings  by  either  emitting  or  detecting  infrared  radiation.  they  can  also  measure  the  heat
__label__environmentmonitoring emitted  by  objects.  infrared  sensors  are  used  in  a  variety  of  different  iot  projects  including  healthcare  as  they  simplify  the  monitoring  of  blood  flow  and  blood  pressure.  televisions  use  infrared  sensors  to  interpret  the  signals  sent  from  a  remote  control.  another  interesting  application  is  that  of  art  historians  using  infrared  sensors  to  see  hidden  layers  in  paintings  to  help  determine  whether  a  work  of  art  is  original  or  fake  or  has  been  altered  by  a  restoration  process.  optical  sensors  convert  rays  of  light  into  electrical  signals.  there  are  many  applications  and  use  cases  for  optical  sensors.  in  the  auto  industry,
__label__environmentmonitoring vehicles  use  optical  sensors  to  recognize  signs,  obstacles,  and  other  things  that  a  driver  would  notice  when  driving  or  parking.  optical  sensors  play  a  big  role  in  the  development  of  driverless  cars.  optical  sensors  are  very  common  in  smart  phones.  for  example,  ambient  light  sensors  can  extend  battery  life.  optical  sensors  are  also  used  in  the  biomedical  field  including  breath  analysis  and  heartrate  monitors.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  article  is  the  first  part  of  our  how  iot  works  series,  in  which  well  cover  the  key  elements  of  iot  in  a  simple,  understandable  way.  the  hype  surrounding  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  been  huge  for  many  years  already,  and  estimates  20  billion  devices  to  be  connected  to  the  internet  by  2020.  iot  has  countless  use  cases  in  a  variety  of  industries  such  as  logistics,  healthcare,  maintenance,  manufacturing,  and  construction.  the  ultimate  goal  of  applying  iot  in  businesses  is  to  save  time  and  money  and  boost  efficiency.  in  manufacturing,  for  example,  iot  can  be  used  to  monitor  manufacturing
__label__environmentmonitoring machines  for  overheating  or  excess  vibration.  that  enables  manufacturers  to  apply  preventive  maintenance  instead  of  reactive  maintenance  so  that  unplanned  and  costly  downtime  can  be  avoided.  but  how  does  iot  actually  work?  typically,  iot  solutions  consist  of  four  fundamental  elements:  well  start  our  how  iot  works  series  with  the  first  element:  sensors.  iot  workflow  starts  with  sensor  devices.  sensor  devices  are  nothing  new:  they  have  been  used  by  organizations  for  a  long  time  already  did  you  know  ?.  however,  the  role  of  sensors  has  increased  enormously  with  the  rise  of  the  internet  of  things.  explains  sensors  this  way:  a  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring is  a  device  that  detects  and  responds  to  some  type  of  input  from  the  physical  environment.  the  specific  input  could  be  light,  heat,  motion,  moisture,  pressure,  or  any  one  of  a  great  number  of  other  environmental  phenomena.  the  output  is  generally  a  signal  that  is  converted  to  humanreadable  display  at  the  sensor  location  or  transmitted  electronically  over  a  network  for  reading  or  further  processing.  in  the  case  of  the  internet  of  things,  sensor  devices  are  the  ontheground  pieces  of  hardware  used  to  collect  data  from  their  environment.  iot  sensor  devices  can  be  attached  to  practically  anything  nowadays,  but  every  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring use  case  requires  a  specific  type  of  sensor.  here  are  some  examples  of  the  most  used  iot  sensor  types  and  their  use  cases.  temperature  sensors  play  a  critical  role  in  many  iot  applications.  for  example,  maintaining  the  right  temperature  is  crucial  for  many  manufacturing  processes.  monitoring  temperature  remotely  with  iot  sensors  enables  predictive  maintenance  and  reduces  expensive  downtime.  another  use  case  for  temperature  sensors  is  cold  chain  monitoring  in  food  and  pharmaceutical  industries.  in  waste  management,  for  example,  level  sensors  enable  trash  bins  to  be  emptied  only  when  needed.  another  use  case  for  level  sensors  is  measuring  tank  levels  e.g.
__label__environmentmonitoring fuel  in  liquid  asset  inventory.  measuring  acceleration  can  be  useful  in  many  use  cases,  such  as  monitoring  your  vehicles.  accelerometer  sensors  can  also  be  useful  in  detecting  excess  vibration  of  a  manufacturing  machine  or  unauthorized  movement  of  an  object  that  should  be  stationary  antitheft  protection.  measuring  humidity  is  essential  for  many  manufacturing  processes  including  pharmaceutical  manufacture  and  paper  making.  humidity  sensors  can  also  be  used  in  greenhouse  monitoring.  gps  trackers  are  used  to  track  an  assets  geographical  position.  they  can  be  used  in  vehicles  or  shipping  containers,  for  example.  there  are  some  factors  that  limit  the  use  of  iot  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring devices.  the  main  ones  are  its  difficult  to  find  a  sensor  device  that  is  both  small  and  cheap  in  addition  to  having  a  long  battery  life  e.g.  five  years.  many  sensor  devices  today  are  still  quite  bulky:  for  example,  gps  tracking  devices  can  have  the  size  of  a  smartphone.  the  size  is  also  correlated  with  the  battery  life:  the  bigger  the  battery,  the  bigger  the  sensor  device.  however,  the  combination  of  sensor  devices  size,  price,  and  battery  life  will  get  better  in  the  near  future  as  technology  evolves.  now  that  we  have  the  sensor  devices  in  place,  its  time  to
__label__environmentmonitoring send  the  collected  data  forward.  in  iot  applications,  sensors  are  connected  to  a  network  wifi,  lpwan,  cellular,  etc.  over  which  the  collected  data  is  transmitted.  the  destination  is  usually  a  cloudbased  service  where  the  data  is  processed.  well  talk  more  about  connectivity  in  our  next  article  .  stay  tuned  infotrackinno.com  358  44  285  2131  pinninkatu  47  fi33100,  tampere  finland  start  typing  and  press  enter  to  search
__label__environmentmonitoring a  capacitive  humidity  sensor  measures  relative  humidity  by  placing  a  thin  strip  of  metal  oxide  between  two  electrodes.  the  metal  oxides  electrical  capacity  changes  with  the  atmospheres  relative  humidity.  weather,  commercial  and  industries  are  the  major  application  areas.  resistive  humidity  sensors  utilize  ions  in  salts  to  measure  the  electrical  impedance  of  atoms.  as  humidity  changes,  so  do  the  resistance  of  the  electrodes  on  either  side  of  the  salt  medium.  two  thermal  sensors  conduct  electricity  based  upon  the  humidity  of  the  surrounding  air.  one  sensor  is  encased  in  dry  nitrogen  whilethe  other  measures  ambient  air.  the  difference  between  the  two  measures
__label__environmentmonitoring the  humidity.  in  this  article,  humidity  and  temperature  information  from  the  dht11  sensor  is  analysed  graphically  on  thingspeak  platform  using  arduino  mcu  and  esp8266  wifi  module.  presented  here  is  a  simple  humidity  indicator  and  controller.in  industries  such  as  textile,  the  change  in  moisture  content  has  a  direct  impact  on  the  properties  of  fabric,  such  as  tensile  strength,  elasticity,  fibre  diameter  and  friction.  therefore  the  process  is  executed  within  a  permissible  humidity  environment  only.  depending  on  the  type  of  fabric  and  the  process  being  undertaken,  the  requirement  of  particular  humidity  level  varies.  cotton  and  linen  have  to  be  processed  at  very
__label__environmentmonitoring high  relative  humidity  rh  levels  of  around  7080  per  cent  since  they  are  very  brittle.  wool  requires  rh  levels  of  around  65  per  cent.  silk  needs  to  be  processed  between  65  and  70  per  cent.  with  this  circuit,  you  can  not  only  monitor  humidity  levels  between  30  and  90  per  cent  rh  but  also  control  it.  presented  here  is  a  enabled  air  pollution  meter  to  monitor  air  quality  on  your  smartphone  using  blynk  application  and  board.  blynk  is  an  internet  of  things  iot  platform  to  control  arduino,  and  the  like  over  the  internet.  in  this  project  blynk  provides  a  digital
__label__environmentmonitoring dashboard  on  your  smartphone  that  displays  realtime  air  quality  readings  for  the  immediate  surroundings.  you  can  comment  on  your  queries  in  the  comment  section  given  below.  wanna  check  out  the  video  on  humidity  sensor:  another  video  showing  a  quick  guide  to  humidity  sensors  in  the  form  of  slideshow  given  below:  hi,  can  i  use  a  hr202  sensor  to  replace  my  syh1  sensor  in  my  humidifier?below  are  the  specs  for  the  syh1  and  the  hr202  .  cheers  hr202  specs  parameters:  at  1khz  unit:  ohmoperating  range:  20  95  rh  0  60  supply  voltage:  1.5v  ac  max  sine  wave  operating  frequency:  500hz  2khz
__label__environmentmonitoring rated  power  0.2mw:  max  sine  wave  value:  at25  1khz  1v  ac  60  rh  sine  wave  31.0k  impedance  range:  at25  1khz  1v  ac  60  rh  sine  wave  19.8  50.2k  humidity  measuring  accuracy:  5  rh  syh1  specs  manufacturersyhitech  sensor  typehumidity  sensor  measuring  range2095  rh  tolerance5  rh  body  dimensions14  x  18.5  x  5.8mm  output  configurationanalogue  voltage  operating  temperature060c  resistance  23k  hi,  i  have  a  quick  question  regarding  the  humidity  sensor..  for  example,  if  i  will  put  this  sensor  in  a  closet  or  a  bag  with  wet  materials,  will  it  detect  the  humidity?  and  after  how  long?  are  there  any  sensors  that  i  can
__label__environmentmonitoring connect  to  another  system  like  a  computer  that  can  send  a  notification  if  the  humidity  goes  up?  thanks  good  article  ..  thank  you  for  your  feedback.  how  large  an  area  can  one  humidity  sensor  cover?  if  i  have  a  100,000  square  foot  open  space  and  need  to  monitor  humidity  how  many  sensors  do  i  need,  and  do  each  of  them  represent  like  a  10  foot  radius  or  some  other  limit  to  their  effective  representation?  my  ac  stopped  cooling.  i  think  i  need  freon.  i  have  an  older  humidity  sensor  ?  that  hangs  above  a  newer  thermostat  or  my  ac  unit.
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  rectangular  with  a  round  button,  and  its  numbers  run  from  20  to  80.  does  this  honeywell  relative  humidity  ?  dial,  box  have  batteries  i  should  be  changing?  i  was  told  by  the  ac  maintenance  workers  that  it  should  stay  all  the  way  down  to  20  to  keep  all  the  humidity  out  of  the  air.  another  worker  from  the  same  company  says  that  it  doesnt  work  at  all,  its  useless;  get  rid  of  it.  another  one  says  that  my  thermostat  should  be  hooked  up  to  it  and  wants  to  replace  a  new  thermostat  this  one  is  not  that  old
__label__environmentmonitoring and  works  fine;  digital  i  change  my  batteries  each  year  in  the  thermostat.  can  someone  explain  in  laymans  terms;  above  explanation  is  way  over  my  head  its  93  in  my  home;  outside  air  is  just  as  hot  and  i  have  5  fans  running.  repairs  cant  be  done  till  tuesday.  its  sunday  and  really  hot  thanks  in  advance  .  carol  hi,  i  tried  interfacing  arduino  with  the  humidity  sensor.  it  was  showing  temperature  and  is  not  showing  humidity.  i  used  this  code.  serial.print  temp  is  ;  serial.print  temp  ;  //  printing  the  temperature  on  display.  serial.println  c  ;  //  printing  c
__label__environmentmonitoring on  display.  serial.print  humidity  in  is  :  ;  serial.print  humidity  ;  //  printing  the  humidity  on  display  serial.print  t  ;  //  printing  on  display  i  want  to  information  about  dssh512  humidity  sensor  network  consists  of  further  focused  websites  channels
__label__environmentmonitoring temperature  exceptions  in  temperaturecontrolled  storage  can  be  expensive,  particularly  if  you  dont  notice  them  in  time.  and  even  when  temperatures  are  kept  constant,  if  energy  management  isnt  optimized,  expenses  can  soar  without  anyone  realizing.  depending  on  the  stored  substances,  various  gxp  regulations  may  also  legally  require  you  to  carefully  monitor  environmental  conditions.  in  cases  like  these,  a  reliable  and  easy  to  use  monitoring  system  can  help  save  significant  amounts  of  money  and  extra  work.  tempnet  storage  is  a  temperature  monitoring  system  that  combines  wireless  sensors  and  a  cloudbased  interface.  it  lets  you  monitor  your  storage  conditions  over  the  internet  on
__label__environmentmonitoring a  device  of  your  choice.  the  solution  is  scalable,  so  it  fits  everything  from  fridges  to  logistics  hubs  and  warehouses.  wireless  sensors  also  enable  gxpcompliant  mapping  of  hot  or  cold  spots  in  the  storage  area.  the  tempnet  system  can  be  integrated  with  existing  building  automation  so  you  can  access  all  data  from  your  storage  facilities  in  one  platform.  tempnet  storage  can  also  be  expanded  with  the  addition  of  ems  energy  management  system,  making  datadriven  process  enhancement  much  easier.  all  gathered  data  can  be  viewed  in  real  time  via  tempnet  cloud.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  sensires  sensors  are
__label__environmentmonitoring designed  for  heavy  use,  with  temperature  measuring  range  from  30c  75c.  with  our  subscriptionbased  business  model  you  dont  have  to  worry  about  calibrating  sensors  yourself,  either.  our  experts  can  calculate  your  sensor  network  and  gateway  needs  according  to  facility,  and  will  handle  recalibration  and  replacements  when  needed.  wireless  and  automated,  these  small  sensors  send  realtime  data  to  the  cloud  24/7.  measuring  range  from  30c  75c.  humidity  range  your  onestop  access  to  all  your  temperature  and  conditions  data,  effortlessly  over  the  internet  to  a  device  of  your  choice.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  adjust  the  alarm  thresholds  according  to
__label__environmentmonitoring your  needs  and  get  notified  when  they  are  breached.  enables  you  to  take  corrective  actions  and  avoid  unnecessary  expenses.  after  adopting  sensires  solution,  kwh  has  gained  realtime  visibility  into  their  temperature  data.  the  system  has  benefited  them  in  saved  time  and  expenses.  data  transparency  additionally  makes  communicating  with  customers  easier,  improves  business  relations  and  increases  overall  returns.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  80100  joensuu  finland  358  20  799  9790  infoatsensire.com  vatfi16485647  358  20  799  9798  supportatsensire.com
__label__environmentmonitoring we  have  ready  or  nearready  solutions  based  on  technologies  such  as  gsm/3g/4g,  wifi,  bluetooth,  ethernet.  we  also  work  with  partners  who  can  provide  the  iot  cloud  software  app  platforms  that  can  be  customized  to  particular  needs.  the  growth  of  iot  products  is  expected  to  be  exponential.  there  are  many  readily  available  iot  hardware  platforms  that  are  iot  enabled  such  as  raspberry  pi,  arduino,  intel  edison  so  on.  it  appears  to  be  deceptively  easy  for  an  engineer  to  put  together  an  iot  devices  after  spending  some  time  getting  accustomed  to  them.  while  such  a  solution  can  solve  the  purpose  of  oneoff
__label__environmentmonitoring prototyping  or  as  a  proof  of  concept,  one  would  quickly  realize  that  it  is  still  far  from  a  successful  commercial  deployment  nor  production  ready.  it  may  be  too  expensive  to  manufacture  in  numbers  may  not  be  scalable  in  terms  of  cost  as  well  as  manufacturing  readiness,  power  consumption,  size  etc.  it  may  be  lacking  the  security  features  to  protect  the  firmware  from  being  copied  used  by  others.  this  is  where  we  come  in.  we  know  our  stuff  understand  the  caveats  involved  with  iot  products.  we  focus  on  building  scalable  cost  efficient  hardware  that  can  be  taken  to  mass  production  easily.
__label__environmentmonitoring taking  the  most  popular  iot  use  caseas  example  a  temperature  humidity  monitor  built  using  iot  ready  device  such  as  a  raspberry  pi  2  or  3  may  easily  cost  in  excess  or  50  in  large  quantities  with  all  the  accessories  needed  for  this  application.  whereas  a  solution  designed  by  tronicszone  maycost  well  below  10  is  volumes,  and  at  the  same  timehaving  the  huge  advantage  of  scalability  in  terms  of  beingmass  manufactureable,  cost  efficient,  tiny  in  size  as  compared  to  the  ready  solution.  please  get  in  touch  with  us  to  learn  how  we  can  collaborate  together  to  bring  the  next  successful  product
__label__environmentmonitoring into  the  market.  ps:  we  are  not  against  the  ready  solutions  may  even  use  them  in  our  own  proof  of  concept  prototypes.  they  are  the  reason  why  iot  has  gained  so  much  traction  in  so  little  time.
__label__environmentmonitoring by  aistin  sensors  are  battery  powered.  also  bluetooth  beacon  is  builtin.  sensor  units  are  available  with  long  range  4g  nbiot  and  lorawan  radios.  mobile  application  is  simple  to  use.  while  application  is  provided  for  easy  setup,  but  also  for  local  data  monitoring.  finally  aistin  sensors  supports  modern  web  tools  utilizing  cloud  services.  you  can  choose  iprotoxi  cloud,  but  also  adaptation  to  to  your  very  own  cloud  can  be  provided.  therefore  aistin  sensors  are  perfect  product  for  any  environment  monitoring  and  nbiot  network  monitoring  use  cases.  first  of  all  aistin  environment  monitoring  sensor  is  an  energyefficient  for  longterm  use  without  need
__label__environmentmonitoring for  recharging  or  replacing  batteries.  the  sensor  unit  is  physically  small,  but  still  providing  a  wide  range  of  builtin  sensors.  for  example  you  can  monitor  temperature,  and  remote  temperature  with  infrared,  humidity,  air  and  liquid  pressure.  one  special  case  for  construction  work  sites  is  concrete  drying  monitor.  sensor  is  available  with  separate  probe.  certainly  aistin  sensors  can  be  also  used  in  versatile  property  monitoring  cases.  identify  and  prevent  any  problems  before  those  turn  into  expensive  damages.  aistin  sensor  is  great  product  for  network  monitoring  use  case.  because  its  small  in  size,  and  is  battery  operated  ,and  comes  with  versatile  easy
__label__environmentmonitoring to  use  mobile  application.  you  can  take  product  with  you  where  ever  you  want  and  monitor  nbiot  network  quality  parameters.  easy  to  take  even  into  deepest  forest  or  cellars.  there  is  no  need  anymore  to  carry  heavy  traditional  equipments  with  you.  furthermore  sensors  are  equipped  with  gnss  positioning  system.  location  information  is  available  along  recorded  parameters.  latest  state  of  the  art  iprotoxi  aistin  iot  blue  sensor  solutions  are  available  with  several  radio  techniques.  sensors  are  currently  available  with  lorawan  and  nbiot  radios  but  can  befurnished  with  other  coming  radios  too.  the  sensor  module  has  an  external  antenna  for  the  radio.
__label__environmentmonitoring finally  aistin  sensors  supports  cloud  services  which  makes  possible  to  utilize  modern  web  technologies  for  parameter  visualization.  do  not  hesitate  to  contact  us  today  for  further  information  about  aistin  sensor  use  cases.  please,  take  a  look  also  at  our  videos  below.  salesiprotoxi.fi
__label__environmentmonitoring is  one  of  the  most  popular  wifi  module  for  iot  based  applications.  in  this  diy  projectwe  will  use  itto  connect  with  thingspeak  iot  cloud  platform.  in  this  project,  we  are  going  to  send  to  thingspeak  using  .  by  this  method  we  can  monitor  our  dht11  sensors  temperature  and  humidity  data  over  internet  using  thingspeak  iot  server,  andwe  can  view  the  logged  data  and  graph  over  time  on  the  thingspeak  dashboard.nodemcu  reads  the  current  temperature  and  humidity  from  dht11  and  sends  it  to  thingspeak  server  for  live  monitoring  from  anywhere  in  the  world.  we  previously  used  and  to  upload  the  data
__label__environmentmonitoring on  cloud.  is  adata  platform  for  monitoring  your  data  online,  targetedto  be  used  for  iot  applications.  in  thingspeak  channel  you  can  set  the  data  as  private  or  public  according  to  your  choice.  thingspeak  takes  minimum  of  15  seconds  to  update  your  readings.  its  a  great  and  very  easy  to  use  platform  for  building  .  the  circuit  diagram  above  shows  the  esp8266  and  dht11  connections.  follow  the  connections  suggested  in  the  below  table:  1  vin  vcc  2  data  d2  3  gnd  gnd  for  creating  your  channel  on  thingspeak  you  first  need  to  sign  up  on  thingspeak.  in  case  if  you  already
__label__environmentmonitoring have  account  on  thingspeak  just  sign  in  using  your  id  and  password.  for  creating  your  account  go  to  click  on  signup  if  you  dont  have  account  and  if  you  already  have  account  click  on  sign  in.  after  clicking  on  signup  fill  your  details.  after  this  verify  your  email  id  and  click  on  continue.  once  you  sign  in  after  your  account  verification,  create  a  new  channel  by  clicking  new  channel  button  after  clicking  on  new  channel,  enter  the  name  and  description  of  the  data  you  want  to  upload  on  this  channel.  for  example  i  am  sending  dht11  sensor  data  temperature  and
__label__environmentmonitoring humidity,  so  i  named  it  as  dht11.  enter  the  name  of  your  data  temperature  in  field1  and  humidity  in  field2.  if  you  want  to  use  more  than  one  field  you  can  check  the  box  next  to  field  option  and  enter  the  name  and  description  of  your  data.  after  this  click  on  save  channel  button  to  save  your  details.  to  send  data  to  thingspeak,  we  need  an  unique  api  key,  which  we  will  use  later  in  our  code  to  upload  the  temperature  and  humidity  to  thingspeak  website.  click  on  api  keys  button  to  get  your  unique  api  key  for  uploading  dht11
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  data.  now  copy  your  write  api  key.  we  will  use  this  api  key  in  our  code.  to  program  nodemcu  with  arduino  ide  go  to  fileperferencessettings.  enter  http://  arduino.esp8266.com/stable/packageesp8266comindex.json  into  field  and  click  ok.  now  go  to  tools  board  boards  manager.  in  boards  manager  window,  type  esp  in  the  search  box,  esp8266  will  be  listed  there  below.  now  select  latest  version  of  board  and  click  on  install.  after  installation  is  complete,  go  to  tools  board  and  select  nodemcu  1.0esp12e  module.  now  you  can  program  nodemcu  with  arduino  ide.  complete  code  is  given  at  the  end  of  this  tutorial.  upload  it
__label__environmentmonitoring in  esp8266  nodemcu.  if  you  successfully  upload  your  program,  serial  monitor  will  look  like  this:  after  this,  navigate  to  your  thingspeak  page  and  open  your  channel  in  thingspeak  and  output  will  be  shown  as  below.  also  check  our  all  the  .  include  dht.h  include  esp8266wifi.h  string  apikey  your  api  key;  //  enter  your  write  api  key  here  const  char  ssid  wifi  name;  //  enter  your  wifi  name  const  char  pass  wifi  password;  //  enter  your  wifi  password  const  char  server  api.thingspeak.com;  define  dhtpin  4  //  gpio  pin  where  the  dht11  is  connected  dht  dhtdhtpin,  dht11;  wificlient  client;  void  setup  serial.begin115200;
__label__environmentmonitoring delay10;  dht.begin;  serial.printlnconnecting  to  ;  serial.printlnssid;  wifi.beginssid,  pass;  while  wifi.status  wlconnected  delay550;  serial.print.;  serial.println;  serial.printlnwifi  connected;  void  loop  float  h  dht.readhumidity;  float  t  dht.readtemperature;  if  isnanh  isnant  serial.printlnfailed  to  read  from  dht  sensor;  return;  if  client.connectserver,80  string  poststr  apikey;  poststr  field1;  poststr  stringt;  poststr  field2;  poststr  stringh;  poststr  rnrn;  client.printpost  /update  http/1.1n;  client.printhost:  api.thingspeak.comn;  client.printconnection:  closen;  client.printxthingspeakapikey:  apikeyn;  client.printcontenttype:  application/xwwwformurlencodedn;  client.printcontentlength:  ;  client.printpoststr.length;  client.printnn;  client.printpoststr;  serial.printtemperature:  ;  serial.printt;  serial.print  degrees  celcius,  humidity:  ;  serial.printh;  serial.println.  send  to  thingspeak.;  client.stop;  serial.printlnwaiting...;  delay10000;  iotdesignpro  is  dedicated  for  electronics  engineering  community  working  on  iot  designs  and  products.  visitus  for  latest  iot  news,  articles
__label__environmentmonitoring what  if  you  could  know  the  condition  of  your  assets?  whether  your  asset  is  a  city,  a  building,  a  container  or  goods  within  a  container,  or  a  remote  employee  sigfox  enables  status  insights.  get  conditional  updates  from  your  assets  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  shock  level,  occupancy,  consumption,  lumens,  fill  level,  power  on  or  off,  and  more.  these  small  updates  are  what  sigfox  was  designed  to  provide  to  enterprises  and  industries.  industrial  refrigerators  freezers  cold  chain  farmland  microclimates  facilities  cold  chain  air  conditioners  storage  facilities  farms  containers  machinery  fault  lines  parking  spaces  conference  rooms  water  energy  lighting  trash  bin  dumpster  donation
__label__environmentmonitoring bin  tanks;  bulk,  fuel,  water,  pressurized  silos  defibrillator  smoke  detection  stress  level  in  animals  rainfall  acceleration  soil  moisture  leaks  water  salinity  its  important  to  know  when  an  asset  is  in  need  of  servicing  or  when  it  may  be  in  a  dangerous  condition.  by  attaching  sigfox  enabled  iot  devices  to  monitor  your  assets,  you  can  set  alerts  based  on  the  parameters  you  choose  and  take  action  when  needed.  get  insights  into  the  consumption  of  natural  resources  to  curb  usage  issues  and  reduce  waste.  for  example,  instead  of  watering  land  by  schedulebased  irrigation,  water  by  the  soils  needs  with  soil  moisture  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring connected  over  the  sigfox  network.  parts  of  your  business  that  have  historically  been  checked  on  manually  can  now  provide  their  own  updates.  reduce  the  risk  that  comes  with  waiting  on  a  scheduled  checkin  and  eliminate  time  wasted.  by  attaching  sigfox  enabled  iot  sensors  toassets  that  require  regular  checkins,  you  can  get  status  updates  remotely.  it  is  impossible  to  know  whats  going  on  with  all  of  your  assets,  operations,  and  employees  at  all  times  without  an  auditable  system  in  place.  using  iot  sensors  connected  over  the  sigfox  network,you  now  have  visibility  into  whats  happening  to  your  assets  while  in  the  hands
__label__environmentmonitoring of  outside  vendors  or  whether  employees  arrived  at  a  remote  job  site.  there  are  some  parts  of  your  enterprise  that  require  constant  visibility,  and  there  are  many  other  areas  of  your  business  that  just  require  a  simple  checkin  or  status  update.  these  updates  and  checkins  are  what  sigfox  iot  network  was  built  for.  iot  sensors  connected  to  our  lpwa  network  only  send  12  bytes  of  information  at  a  time,  preserving  battery  life  and  keep  connectivity  cost  low,  making  even  the  most  basic  parts  of  your  business  feasible  to  connect.  sigfox  connectivity  coupled  with  our  iot  ecosystem  partners  including  device  design
__label__environmentmonitoring houses,  system  integrators,  and  platform  providers  create  the  iot  solution  that  allows  you  to  collect,  analyze,  and  act  upon  the  data.  doesnt  alerts,  checkin,  and  status  updates  of  your  remote  assets  sound  life  changing?  lets  connect.  sigfox  usa  is  the  iot  network  operator  in  the  us  for  the  global  low  power,  wide  area  lpwa  connectivity  provider,  sigfox.  33  arch  st.,  17th  floor  boston,  ma  02110  5001  lbj  freeway,  suite  830  heritage  two  dallas,  tx  75244  75  e  w  santa  clara  st.  san  jose,  ca  95113
__label__environmentmonitoring our  blusensor  air  is  versatile.  compared  to  traditional  measuring  devices  and  data  loggers  our  device  is  convincing  due  to  its  small  size,  simple  operation  and  a  large  memory  for  many  measured  values.  our  device  works  autonomously  and  saves  the  measured  values  even  when  no  smartphone  is  nearby.  as  soon  as  they  are  within  range,  they  can  transfer  the  values  wirelessly  to  your  smartphone  via  bluetooth  and  read  statistics  on  the  past.  we  help  you  to  analyze  your  environment.  do  you  need  assistance  in  the  analysis  of  mold  problems?  our  devices  help  you  analyze  existing  problems.  meaningful  reports  support  them  in
__label__environmentmonitoring their  cause  research.  if  your  mold  problem  has  been  solved,  our  device  controls  the  room  conditions  and  alarms  if  something  goes  wrong  helps  to  properly  ventilate  against  bad  air.  have  you  ever  wondered  whether  you  ventilate  properly?  prolonged  ventilation  costs  money  and  increases  energy  costs.  insufficient  airing  risks  bad  room  air.  our  air  monitoring  devices  help  you  make  your  room  climate  visible.  the  perfect  sensor  for  monitoring  humidity,  temperature  and  dew  point  in  living  rooms  and  basements.this  measuring  device  can  be  easily  operated  with  smartphones  and  is  used  to  prevent  molds  behind  furniture  such  as  boxes,  beds  etc.  just  place
__label__environmentmonitoring the  measuring  device  behind  your  objects  and  you  get  an  alarm  if  the  limits  are  exceeded.  the  perfect  sensor  for  monitoring  humidity,  temperature  and  dew  point  for  your  bathroom.  this  measuring  device  can  be  easily  operated  with  smartphone  and  is  used  to  monitor  room  climate.  take  precautions  before  mold  forms  in  your  bathroom.  on  the  basis  of  meaningful  statistics,  you  can  influence  your  behavior  in  the  bathroom  correctly.  questions  such  as  is  your  ventilation  sufficient?,  have  you  ventilated  sufficiently?  can  be  clearly  answered.  it  is  very  important  to  store  your  cigars  at  correct  air  conditions.  humidity  and  temperature  are  very
__label__environmentmonitoring important.  you  can  easily  monitor  humidity  and  temperature  inside  your  cigar  humidor  by  just  placing  our  blusensor  inside  the  humidor.  using  bluetooth  wireless  technology  you  can  check  humidity  and  temperature  from  inside  your  humidor  without  opening  it.  do  they  sleep  badly,  or  are  you  constantly  awake  during  the  night?  have  you  already  checked  your  room  climate  in  your  sleeping  rooms?  we  spend  some  time  in  these  rooms  several  hours  day  and  night.  it  is  therefore  particularly  important  to  ensure  optimum  room  climate  in  these  rooms.  sleep  well  and  sleep  healthy.  it  is  important  to  ensure  an  optimal  room  climate,  particular
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  cold  season.  heating  in  general  generates  excessively  dry  air,  which  can  irritate  the  respiratory  tract.  through  optimal  ventilation,  you  bring  fresh  air  into  your  rooms  and  ensure  pleasant  comfort  for  yourself  and  your  loved  ones.  the  basement  is  often  used  for  various  purposes:  for  storage  of  foodstuffs,  as  a  hobby  basement  or  study  room  or  as  a  laundry  room.  it  is  especially  important  to  control  the  humidity  in  the  basement  since  its  often  not  heated.  the  value  of  the  room  humidity  should  not  be  constant  at  the  upper  limit.  storing  food  properly  is  not  easy.  you  must  constantly
__label__environmentmonitoring check  temperature  and  humidity  in  order  to  ensure  optimal  storage  conditions.  simply  place  the  blusensor  air  between  your  food  and  ask  the  log  from  time  to  time  to  see  if  there  are  still  optimal  conditions.  if  it  is  slightly  spoiled,  mark  the  measurement,  adjust  the  room  climate,  and  try  to  keep  your  products  longer  in  storage.  expensive  art  objects  often  require  careful  care  and  storage.  ensure  optimum  room  temperature  and  humidity  during  transport  and  storage  to  guarantee  durability  and  quality  over  a  long  time.  for  many  medical  and  other  goods  that  are  sensitive  to  humidity,  it  is  particularly  important  to
__label__environmentmonitoring monitor  air  conditions  during  transport.  recording  temperature  and  humidity  during  shipping  combined  with  detailed  reports  can  help  you  with  your  complaints  or  claims  with  your  insurance  company.  our  sensors  can  easily  monitor  the  climate  in  your  greenhouse.  place  a  blusensor  air  in  the  greenhouse  at  a  protected  location  and  record  humidity  and  temperature.  ensure  optimal  growth  conditions  and  enjoy  their  harvest.  you  want  to  know  if  your  favorites  feel  good  outside?  just  place  a  blusensor  air  into  the  dog  kennel  and  monitor  outside  temperature.  is  it  too  cold  during  winter?  from  when  your  cat  should  sleep  once  in  the  house,
__label__environmentmonitoring since  it  is  too  wet  and  too  cold  outside  and  there  is  no  suitable  shelter.  your  little  ones  want  to  sleep  in  the  garden  tent  again?  record  the  temperature  during  the  night  and  then  decide  whether  the  conditions  are  suitable  for  a  camping  adventure.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sentrius  rs1xx  is  abattery  powered,  long  range  integrated  temperature  and  humidity  sensorequipped  with  lorawan  and  bluetooth  low  energy  ble  connectivity.  its  small,  rugged  form  factor  contains  superior  performance  and  flexibility.  at  its  core,  the  rs1xx  utilizes  laird  connectivitys  fieldproven  and  reliable  sentrius  rm1xx  module  hardware.  it  also  works  with  laird  connectivitys  sentrius  rg1xx  series  of  lora  /  multiwireless  for  simple  outofthebox  integration  and  is  compatible  with  3rd  party  cloud  providers  such  as  aws  iot  and  lora  network  ecosystem  partners.  selfcontained  temperature  and  humidity  sensor.  rs1xx  sensor  with  external  rj45  connector  for  cabled  tempprobe.  our  customers  benefit  from  our  collaboration
__label__environmentmonitoring with  amazon  web  services  aws,  which  combines  the  power  of  the  cloud  with  the  simplicity  of  laird  connectivity  solutions,  providing  an  endtoend,  customizable  sensor  network  that  gives  customers  full  control  and  management  of  their  data.  combining  wireless  hardware  like  the  sentrius  rs1xx  lorawanenabled  sensor  with  aws  iot  analytics  allows  laird  connectivitys  customers  to  quickly  deploy  cloudconnected  sensor  networks  and  easily  run  sophisticated  analytics  on  massive  amounts  of  iot  data  without  having  to  worry  about  the  cost  and  complexity  typically  required  to  build  iot  analytics  platforms.  laird  connectivity  collaborated  closely  with  our  team  on  the  design  of  our  lorabased  wireless  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring for  temperature  control  in  the  food  services  industry,  which  are  a  groundbreaking  solution  for  food  safety  and  compliance.  it  is  major  leap  forward  designed  to  excel  in  the  challenging  rf  environment  of  commercial  kitchens,  with  signals  that  can  penetrate  the  stainless  steel,  heavy  insulation  and  concrete  construction  of  these  settings.  laird  connectivitys  lora  platform  performs  flawlessly  in  crowded  wireless  environments  with  lots  of  competing  signals,  plus  it  has  outstanding  security,  excellent  battery  efficiency  and  simple  deployment.  they  have  been  a  great  partner  to  our  team,  providing  design  counsel  and  support  that  goes  well  beyond  just  the  core  technology.  compliancemate  partnered
__label__environmentmonitoring with  laird  connectivity  to  supply  and  support  sentriustmrs1xx  sensors  and  rg1xx  gateways  for  their  newest  food  safety  compliance  and  temperature  monitoring  product  range.  laird  connectivity  supplied  and  supported  this  robust,  highperforming  lorawan  ecosystem  which  gives  businesses  realtime  insight  into  temperature  and  humidity  readings.  sensors  are  placed  inside  coolers,  freezers,  or  any  location  in  a  kitchen  and  constantly  transmit  accurate  temperature  data  to  the  cloud.  businesses  access  that  data  online  from  a  dashboard  at  any  time  or  place,  and  realtime  notifications  are  sent  when  temperatures  are  too  high  or  low  or  when  checklists  are  not  complete.  this  enables  quick  correction  to
__label__environmentmonitoring avoid  perishable  product  loss.  the  sentrius  rs1xx  makes  longrange  wireless  sensors  practical  for  even  the  most  challenging  applications.  it  leverages  long  battery  life  and  an  onboard  microcontroller  to  bring  wireless  sensors  to  an  endless  variety  of  use  cases,  such  as  greenhouses,  industrial  equipment,  smart  irrigation,  storage,  asset  management,  and  more.  the  rs1xx  is  a  costeffective  solution  for  the  harsh  rf  operating  world  of  refrigerators,  cold  stores,  and  freezers.  monitor  and  protect  your  products  from  spoiling  wherever  you  are  with  laird  connectivitys  rs1xx  lorawan  based  temperature  and  humidity  sensors.  maintaining  optimal  temperature  of  your  food  or  pharmaceutical  supplies  is  crucial  in
__label__environmentmonitoring preventing  costly  spoilage.  laird  connectivitys  wireless  temperature  monitoring  solutions  provide  a  reliable  and  affordable  way  to  ensure  your  coolers  and  freezers  are  working  properly,  providing  automated,  realtime  monitoring  and  reporting  with  digitized  capture  and  reporting  of  operational  activity.  deliver  mission  critical  wireless  m2m  communication  networks  tailored  to  the  needs  of  agricultural  applications  like  greenhouses  and  crop  storage  that  require  specific  environmental  conditions.  crops  can  be  lost  if  the  mixture  of  temperature  and  humidity  are  incorrect.  working  with  laird  connectivity  means  saving  time  and  resources.  streamline  workflow  efficiency,  increase  productivity,  and  avoid  perishable  product  loss  or  damage  across  all  of  your
__label__environmentmonitoring assets,  wherever  they  are.  automated  systems  track  conditions  for  you  and  send  realtime  alerts  before  small  issues  become  big,  expensive  problems.  maintaining  specific  temperatures  can  sometimes  put  heating  and  cooling  systems  to  the  test.  heating  and  cooling  units  are  constantly  at  risk  and  can  be  costly  to  repair  if  failures  are  not  caught  in  time.  laird  connectivitys  rs1xx  provides  a  solution  for  monitoring  multiple  aspects  of  hvac  systems  and  will  alert  you  of  any  issues  in  realtime.  laird  connectivity  serves  a  wide  range  of  industries  and  applications  for  antennas,  iot  platforms,  and  embedded  modules.  learn  how  we  provide  successful,  innovative
__label__environmentmonitoring wireless  solutions  to  companies  that  need  to  deliver  connectivity  in  complex  environments.  connectivity  is  complicated.  our  collection  of  white  papers  are  written  by  technical  experts  and  serve  as  great  resources  to  better  understand  the  complexities  surrounding  wireless  connectivity  including  wifi,  lorawan,  bluetooth,  and  cellular.  our  collection  of  webinar  recordings  covers  a  wide  range  of  topics  presented  by  technical  experts  from  laird  connectivity.  learn  about  all  things  wireless  from  industry  insight  to  deep  dive  discussions  on  iot  gateways,  bluetooth  modules,  and  more.  copyright  2019  laird  connectivity
__label__environmentmonitoring introduction  one  of  the  most  alarming  issues  in  modern  cities  is  the  air  quality  level,  where  air  pollution  has  caused  120  deaths  out  of  100,000  per  year  based  on  a  worldwide  study  green  car  congress,  2019.  the  world  health  organization  emphasized  that  97  of  cities  in  low  and  middle  income  countries  with  more  than  100  000  inhabitants  do  not  meet  world  health  organization  who  air  quality  guidelines.  due  to  poor  air  quality,  it  will  increase  potential  health  risks  such  as  risk  of  stroke,  heart  disease,  lung  cancer,  asthma  and  others  as  well  citation.  hence,  there  is  a  need  to  install
__label__environmentmonitoring an  air  quality  monitoring  system  in  cities  to  ensure  the  air  is  not  contaminated.  this  can  be  done  by  installing  sensors  to  monitor  dust  particles,  carbon  dioxide,  carbon  monoxide,  nitrogen  dioxide  and  sulfur  dioxide  levels  and  this  information  can  be  shared  with  the  public  through  smartphones,  where  the  smartphone  app  allows  people  to  monitor  realtime  data  of  the  current  air  quality  level  in  the  area.  hence,  through  these  implementations,  better  quality  of  life  can  be  achieved.  objectives  to  design  an  innovative  air  quality  monitoring  system  that  can  cover  one  square  kilometer  of  urban  area  to  monitor  the  air  quality  index
__label__environmentmonitoring through  smartphone  and  smartwatch  applications  from  installed  sensors  on  buildings  with  height  ranges  of  3  meters  to  6  meters  to  propose  preventive  actions  through  smartphones  and  smartwatch  applications  when  the  air  quality  level  exceeds  threshold  values.  proposed  concept  a  design  ideas  air  quality  sensors  are  installed  in  the  targeted  area  on  top  of  buildings,  industrial  areas,  traffic  and  residential  areas.  these  sensors  are  connected  to  a  microcontroller  to  control  the  sensors  network.  the  data  collected  by  the  microcontroller  is  transmitted  to  the  cloud  for  analysis.  the  analyzed  data  is  shared  to  the  public  through  a  smartphone  app.  b  how  it
__label__environmentmonitoring works  wireless  sensors  placed  at  strategic  locations  sense  the  level  of  dust  particles,  carbon  dioxide,  carbon  monoxide,  nitrogen  dioxide  and  sulfur  dioxide  in  the  air.  this  information  is  transmitted  to  a  gateway  which  forwards  it  to  a  cloud  database  by  means  of  cellular  or  wifi  communication.  in  the  cloud,  the  data  are  analyzed  to  provide  information  on  the  air  quality.  the  information  on  the  air  quality  is  shared  through  a  smartphone  app.  this  allows  the  relevant  authority  to  take  remedial  action  and  the  community  to  take  precautionary  measures.  c  what  makes  it  innovative?  this  project  proposes  an  idea  to  install
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring  applications  on  smartphones.  it  is  innovative  because  it  provides  easy  access  to  the  public  to  monitor  real  time  air  quality  in  their  area.  it  uses  low  cost  and  readily  available  devices  such  as  a  dust  sensor,  carbon  monoxide  gas  sensor,  carbon  dioxide  gas  sensor,  and  nitrogen  dioxide  gas  sensor.  for  controlling  these  sensors,  microcontrollers  are  used  and  the  microcontrollers  also  act  as  transmitter  to  transmit  the  data  to  the  cloud  database.  the  information  on  air  quality  can  be  accessed  through  a  smartphone  app  in  real  time.  d  how  would  it  be  produced?  the  iot  based  air  pollution  monitoring  system
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  produced  by  using  sensors  and  microcontrollers  available  in  the  market.  the  microcontrollers  are  programmed  to  take  the  sensors  as  input  and  transmit  the  data  to  the  cloud.  an  algorithm  is  developed  to  analyse  the  data  and  send  it  to  the  smartphones  app.  smartphone  app  will  be  developed  for  user  to  access  the  air  quality  information  in  realtime.  e  where  would  it  be  applied?  i.  sensors  will  be  installed  on  top  of  buildings,  industrial  areas,  traffic  and  residential  areas.  ii.  smartphone  app  for  monitoring  is  installed  in  individual  smartphone.  potential  impact  around  the  globe?  there  are  many  cities  around
__label__environmentmonitoring the  world  facing  air  quality  issues.  the  contaminated  air  results  in  death  every  year  and  decline  in  health  conditions  as  people  are  exposed  to  unhealthy  air  quality.  awareness  of  the  contaminated  air  enables  the  community  to  take  precautionary  steps.  this  will  also  enable  the  relevant  authority  to  take  remedial  action.  with  this  project  the  community  can  enjoy  cleaner  air  and  improved  health  conditions.  our  team  has  decided  to  propose  this  project  because  air  pollution  is  among  the  most  common  problem  faced  by  the  entire  globe.  according  to  climate  clean  air  coalition  n.d,  92  of  asia  and  the  pacific  population  which
__label__environmentmonitoring is  about  4  billion  people  are  exposed  to  levels  of  air  pollution  that  pose  a  significant  risk  to  their  health.  hence,  with  the  implementation  of  realtime  air  quality  monitoring  system  installed  at  targeted  areas  and  monitoring  applications  in  smartphone,  sustainable  clean  air  can  be  achieved  which  provide  healthy  environment  to  everybody  affected  by  bad  air  quality.  voting  is  closed
__label__environmentmonitoring webinar:  beyond  connectivity  how  operators  are  delivering  transformative,  addedvalue  services  in  iot  start:  10  dec  2019,  3:00  pm  end:  10  dec  2019,  4:00  pm  location:  developing  secure,  low  cost,  low  power  solutions  with  cellular  iot  at  ces2020  start:  8  jan  2020,  1:30  pm  end:  8  jan  2020,  4:00  pm  location:  las  vegas,  u.s.  mobile  iot  breakfast  briefing  at  ces2020  start:  8  jan  2020,  7:30  am  end:  8  jan  2020,  9:00  am  location:  las  vegas  mobile  iot  in  the  5g  era  analyst  briefing  by  gsma  intelligence  at  ces2020  start:  8  jan  2020,  9:30  am  end:  8  jan  2020,  11:00  am  location:
__label__environmentmonitoring 3799  s  las  vegas  blvd,  las  vegas,  nv  89109  gsma  iot  at  ces2020  start:  8  jan  2020,  7:30  am  end:  8  jan  2020,  4:00  pm  location:  3799  s  las  vegas  blvd,  las  vegas,  nv  89109  mobile  iot  summit:  the  5g  era  mwc20  barcelona  start:  23  feb  2020,  12:00  pm  end:  23  feb  2020,  6:15  pm  location:  avinguda  de  la  granvia,  lhospitalet  de  llobregat  barcelona,  08907  spain  make,  break  and  innovate  with  mobile  iot  at  mwc20  barcelona  start:  25  feb  2020,  10:00  am  end:  25  feb  2020,  12:00  pm  location:  barcelona,  spain  mwc20  barcelona  seminar:  iot  safe  robust  and  effective  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring security  at  scale  start:  26  feb  2020,  1:30  pm  end:  26  feb  2020,  3:00  pm  location:  barcelona,  spain  iot  at  gsma  innovation  city  mwc20  barcelona  start:  24  feb  2020,  end:  27  feb  2020,  location:  av.  joan  carles  i  64  08908  lhospitalet  de  llobregat  barcelona  interview  with  italgas  reti  about  nbiot  gas  metering  nbiot  is  connecting  millions  of  devices  globally.  hear  from  manuela  pagella,  head  of  gas  metering,  italgas  reti  explain  why  and  how  ...  video:  transformative  iot  beyond  connectivity  beyond  connectivity  marks  a  new  era  in  innovative  operator  solutions  across  big  data,  machine  learning,  analytics,  edge  computing  and  ...  cellular
__label__environmentmonitoring crash  course  for  iot  device  developers  part  3:  prototype  to  production  the  gsma  has  collaborated  with  nimbelink  to  create  a  3part  cellular  crash  course  for  iot  device  developers.  in  the  series,  nimbelink  ...  cellular  crash  course  for  iot  device  developers  part  2:  cellular  hardware  considerations  the  gsma  has  collaborated  with  nimbelink  to  create  a  3part  cellular  crash  course  for  iot  device  developers.  in  the  series,  nimbelink  ...  cellular  crash  course  for  iot  device  developers  part  1:  technology  overview  the  gsma  has  collaborated  with  nimbelink  to  create  a  3part  cellular  crash  course  for  iot  device  developers.  in  the  series,  nimbelink  ...
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  in  the  5g  era  opportunities  and  benefits  for  enterprises  and  consumers  the  5g  mobile  cellular  networks  being  deployed  today  are  evolving  from  existing  4g  networks,  which  will  continue  to  serve  many  use  ...  what  is  the  difference  in  data  throughput  between  ltem/nbiot  and  3g  or  4g?  deep  dive  into  nbiot  for  smart  cities  this  webinar  provides  a  deepdive  into  nbiot,  its  capabilities  and  some  of  the  use  cases  it  is  best  suited  for.  the  webinar  also  ...  the  iot  big  data  revenue  opportunity  for  mobile  operators  the  past  few  years  have  seen  a  proliferation  in  both  the  internet  of
__label__environmentmonitoring things  iot  and  big  data,  generating  new  value  for  consumers,  ...  presentation  decks:  apac  iot  innovation  summit  apac  iot  innovation  summit  welcomed  36  industry  experts  to  share  insights  into  5g,  iot  capability  beyond  connectivity,  iot  ecosystem,  ...  smart  trash  cans  are  quietly  supporting  the  rise  of  the  smart  city  discussions  around  smart  cities  tend,  perhaps  naturally,  to  focus  on  the  more  exciting  side  of  life:  the  intelligent  home  which  can  be  ...  mobile  iot  innovators  spotlight:  minut  the  mobile  iot  innovators  spotlight  series  highlights  ambitious  companies  working  on  innovative  products  and  solutions  using  ltem  or  ...  mobile  iot  innovators  spotlight:
__label__environmentmonitoring thinkware  the  mobile  iot  innovators  spotlight  series  highlights  ambitious  companies  working  on  innovative  products  and  solutions  using  ltem  or  ...  mwc19  los  angeles:  as  the  iot  grows,  the  mobile  industrys  role  grows  with  it  the  global  market  driving  growth  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  quickly  moving  from  the  nascent  and  theoretical  to  the  ubiquitous  ...  innovative  iot  showcase  at  mobile  360  in  asiapacific:  partnership  enables  mobile  industrys  expansion  beyond  connectivity  the  iots  increasingly  rapid  growth  has  opened  up  vast  new  opportunities  for  operators  to  look  beyond  their  traditional  commercial  ...  how  secure  by  design  mobile  iot  networks  are
__label__environmentmonitoring protecting  the  iot  as  the  internet  of  things  becomes  an  increasingly  common  part  of  our  daily  lives,  attention  will  naturally  turn  ever  more  frequently  to  ...  5g  and  mobile  iot  prove  natural  partners  for  the  year  ahead  there  are  times  when  some  in  the  industry  quietly  wish  5g  had  been  given  another  name.  the  capability  leap  is  simply  not  comparable  to  ...  mobile  iot  innovators  spotlight:  pong  yuen  holdings  the  mobile  iot  innovators  spotlight  series  highlights  ambitious  companies  working  on  innovative  products  and  solutions  using  ltem  or  ...  as  the  iot  expands  into  warmer  climes,  we  need  to  rethink  battery
__label__environmentmonitoring selection  mobile  iot,  or  licensed  lpwa  the  family  of  technologies  incorporating  ltem  and  nbiot  provide  without  question  the  network  ...  cv2x,  the  future  of  connected  transport,  is  live  today  the  promise  of  connected  vehicles  is  enormous:  they  stand  to  improve  traffic  safety  and  efficiency,  reduce  air  pollution,  and  improve  ...  poor  air  quality  in  london  and  many  other  cities  is  causing  an  acknowledged  public  health  problem.  air  pollution  is  now  the  worlds  fourthleading  fatal  health  risk,  causing  one  in  ten  deaths  in  2013.  if  cities  are  to  continue  to  flourish  and  prosper  then  they  must  tackle  this  air  pollution  crisis.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  gsma  is  working  with  the  royal  borough  of  greenwich  on  an  air  quality  initiative  utilising  mobile,  iot  and  big  data  technologies,  which  aims  to  improve  the  health  prospects  and  quality  of  life  for  citizens,  while  providing  city  administrators  with  vital  information  to  implement  new  solutions  and  quantify  their  success.  find  out  more  in  the  video  below:  for  the  initial  greenwich  study,  the  gsma  had  determined  that  machine  learning  could  be  applied  to  the  task  of  predicting  air  quality  for  the  near  future  based  on  historical  air  quality  and  weather  data  and  a  shortterm  weather  forecast.  the  gsma  then  worked
__label__environmentmonitoring with  far  eastone  communications  fet  in  taiwan,  province  of  china  to  include  mobile  network  analytics  into  the  machine  learning  models.  fet  replicated  the  gsma  iot  big  data  and  machine  learning  architecture  in  taiwan  for  weather  air  quality  data  acquisition.  the  key  aims  of  this  proof  of  concept  was  to:  is  a  value  generation  report  exploring  the  roles  mobile  operatorscould  undertake  and  the  types  of  products,  services  and  solutions  that  they  could  offer  to  create  additional  value.  our  other  report  shares  experiences  and  common  data  analytical  techniques  from  the  experience  of  developing  analytics  services  in  the  air  quality  field  based  on
__label__environmentmonitoring joint  projects  firstly  with  royal  borough  of  greenwich  in  the  uk  and  secondly  with  far  eastone  telecommunications  fet  in  taiwan,  province  of  china.  copyright  2019  gsm  association.  the  gsm  logo  is  registered  and  owned  by  the  gsm  association.
__label__environmentmonitoring digikey  has  the  product  portfolio,  service,  tools,  resources,  and  knowhow  to  support  students  and  educators  in  their  quest  for  stem  education.  as  the  fundamental  building  block  to  a  digital  strategy,  digikeys  apis  allow  realtime  information  integration  to  automate  the  ordering  process.  the  article  library  brings  you  the  latest  technology  news  and  trends,  product  information,  supplier  updates,  and  design  howtos.  digikey  carries  a  broad  line  of  industrial  automation,  control  and  safety  products  from  some  of  the  most  recognized  and  trusted  industry  suppliers.  relevant  and  timely  information  that  demonstrates  our  deep  technical  expertise,  industry  thoughtleadership,  and  entertaining  educational  posts.  search  for  info
__label__environmentmonitoring about  electronic  components,  technologies,  and  the  electronics  industry  in  articles,  product  highlights,  videos,  ptms,  blogs,  and  more.  network  of  design  firms  offering  feebased  development,  prototyping,  manufacturing,  and  systems  integrations  services.  use  this  wiki  maintained  by  digikeys  applications  engineers  to  share  knowledge  and  learn  about  products,  resources,  projects,  tools,  technologies,  and  more.  browse  through  our  resource  collection  including  design  tools,  videos,  articles,  reference  designs,  conversion  calculators,  product  selectors,  and  blogs.  browse  our  iot  product  selector,  get  a  data  plan  with  our  connectivity  solutions,  design  with  our  dk  iot  studio,  and  much  more.  check  out  the  latest  parts  added  to  digikeys  massive
__label__environmentmonitoring inventory  of  electronic  components.  new  products  are  added  daily,  so  check  back  frequently.  digikeys  online  catalog  allows  you  to  drive  the  content  you  see  in  a  clickcentric,  highly  visual  online  browsing  experience.  product  training  modules  ptms  from  digikey  and  supplier  partners  offer  electronic  component  tutorials  based  on  the  latest  products  and  technologies.  easily  navigate  digikeys  large  selection  of  sensors  and  transducers  to  quickly  find  the  components  needed  to  complete  your  design  or  endproduct.  digikeys  community  forum,  technical  resource,  and  a  place  for  further  discussion  on  topics  ranging  from  howtos  to  questions  about  electronics  principles.  browse  our  library  of  another  geek
__label__environmentmonitoring moment,  new  product  discoveries,  another  teaching  moment,  digikey  daily,  and  tutorial  videos.  use  the  development  tools  product  selector  to  access  thousands  of  development  and  evaluation  tools  in  ready  to  go  or  prototyping  categories.  digikeys  tools  are  uniquely  paired  with  access  to  the  worlds  largest  selection  of  electronic  components  to  help  you  meet  your  design  challenges  headon.  access  precurated  content,  solutions,  and  resources  from  industry  professionals,  as  well  as  your  peers,  to  help  guide  you  from  concept  through  production.  save  valuable  design  time  by  searching  for  designs  based  on  a  circuits  performance  using  digikeys  reference  design  library.  use  schemeits  comprehensive  electronic
__label__environmentmonitoring symbol  library  and  an  integrated  digikey  component  catalog  to  design  and  share  electronic  circuit  diagrams.  technology  zones  feature  suppliers,  products,  and  resources  in  mcu,  lighting,  sensor,  wireless,  power,  and  energy  harvesting  application  areas.  air  quality  can  have  an  adverse  impact  on  peoples  health,  so  monitoring  of  air  quality  has  become  increasingly  important  and  commonplace.  regulatory  requirements  and  technology  advancements  are  also  driving  increased  interest  in  and  the  use  of  monitoring.  and  collaborated  on  an  iot  air  quality  monitoring  example  project  that  integrates  a  cypress  psoc  6  processor  with  sensirion  sensors  to  push  sensor  data  to  a  cloud  dashboard.  the  project
__label__environmentmonitoring uses  a  psoc  6  evaluation  board  to  query  sensirion  sensors  over  i  c  and  connect  to  the  cloud.  sensirions  ,  ,  and  sensors  are  used  to  measure  voc  and  co  equivalent  gas  concentrations,  particulate  matter  concentrations,  temperature,  and  humidity.  is  used  for  visualization  of  sensor  data  on  a  dashboard.  all  project  details,  instructions  and  software  are  documented  in  the  example  project  downloadable  from  github.  the  demo  software  provided  with  the  project  should  be  compatible  with  most  cypress  wiced  sdk  devices,  but  the  configuration  code  may  need  to  be  adjusted  to  match  the  hardware.  scott  raeker,  technical  marketing  manager  at  digikey
__label__environmentmonitoring electronics,  has  been  with  the  company  since  2006.  he  has  over  35  years  of  experience  in  the  electronics  industry  and  holds  an  electrical  engineering  degree  from  the  university  of  minnesota.  in  his  spare  time,  scott  enjoys  the  outdoors  of  northwest  minnesota  and  working  on  his  turnofthecentury  farmhouse.  thank  you  keep  an  eye  on  your  inbox  for  news  and  updates  from  digikey  please  enter  an  email  address
__label__environmentmonitoring 2017  was  a  bad  year  for  fires  in  california.  the  in  sonoma  county  in  october  destroyed  whole  neighborhoods  and  sent  toxic  smoke  south  through  most  of  the  san  francisco  bay  area.  the  for  parts  of  that  area  went  up  past  the  unhealthy  level  101150  to  the  hazardous  level  301500  at  certain  points  during  the  fire.  once  word  got  out  that  were  needed  to  keep  the  harmful  particles  out  of  the  lungs,  they  became  a  common  sight.  the  epa  maintains  the  website,  which  displays  the  aqi  for  the  entire  us.  the  weather  app  on  my  pixel  phone  conveniently  displays  a  summary
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  local  air  quality  from  the  epas  source.  this  was  my  goto  source  for  information  about  the  outdoor  air  quality  once  the  fires  started.  however,  i  started  to  notice  that  the  observed  air  quality  often  didnt  match  that  of  the  app.  i  realized  that  the  data  reported  on  the  app  was  often  delayed  by  an  hour  or  more,  and  the  local  air  quality  could  change  much  more  quickly  than  was  reported  by  the  airnow  resource.  i  started  to  look  into  how  often  the  data  was  updated,  and  where  the  sensors  that  collected  it  were  located.  unfortunately,  i  wasnt  able
__label__environmentmonitoring to  find  a  lot  of  details.  however,  i  did  come  across  a  link  to  while  browsing  a  local  news  site.  purpleair  reports  on  the  same  air  quality  metrics  as  the  epa  source,  but  uses  sensors  that  were  hosted  by  individuals.  they  have  a  network  of  over  a  thousand  sensors  across  the  planet,  and  the  sensor  density  in  the  sf  bay  area  is  quite  good,  as  can  be  seen  from  .  best  of  all,  the  data  was  reported  in  realtime.  they  had  one  hour  averages,  last  twenty  four  hours  average,  particle  counts,  and  so  on.  this  made  it  easy  to  check
__label__environmentmonitoring the  air  quality  reported  in  realtime  from  a  sensor  close  by,  letting  us  know  when  it  was  okay  to  go  out,  and  when  things  had  gotten  bad  in  our  area.  i  considered  obtaining  one  of  for  myself  at  the  time,  but  as  the  tubbs  fire  faded,  i  stopped  checking  the  site  as  often.  however,  shortly  after  the  in  december,  i  decided  to  purchase  a  purple  air  paii  sensor.  the  sensor  was  easy  to  setup.  i  connected  it  to  my  wifi  network,  gave  it  a  name,  location,  and  some  other  metadata.  it  also  allowed  me  to  give  the  sensor  a  custom
__label__environmentmonitoring url  key3  to  put  sensor  data.  key4  allowed  me  to  set  a  custom  http  header.  allows  you  to  post  data  to  it  as  a  json  object  using  an  endpoint.  i  didnt  know  what  format  the  paii  would  use  to  send  the  data,  but  i  thought  this  was  a  good  guess.  so  i  created  an  httptrap,  grabbed  the  data  submission  url,  and  put  it  into  the  sensor  configuration.  about  thirty  seconds  later,  metrics  started  flowing  into  circonus.  purpleair  shared  a  helpful  i  wanted  to  create  my  own  dashboard,  but  first  i  needed  to  understand  the  data.  it  turns  out  that  aqi
__label__environmentmonitoring is  calculated  from  the  concentration  of  in  micrograms  per  cubic  meter.  i  wasnt  able  to  find  an  equation  that  allows  aqi  calculation  from  these  concentrations;  it  appears  that  concentration  ranges.  in  addition  to  pm2.5  and  pm10,  the  paii  provided  a  number  of  other  particle  measurements  from  its  dual  laser  sensors;  in  particular,  particles  per  deciliter  for  particles  ranging  from  0.3  to  10  microns.  it  seems  that  the  small  particles  under  1  micron  are  exhaled,  .  the  paii  sensor  also  provides  other  metrics  such  as  humidity,  barometric  pressure,  dewpoint,  temperature,  rssi  signal  strength  to  the  wifi  access  point,  and  free  heap
__label__environmentmonitoring memory.  i  put  together  a  dashboard  to  track  these  metrics.  now  that  i  had  a  dashboard  up  and  running,  i  could  keep  a  good  watch  on  local  air  quality,  for  my  neighborhood  specifically,  in  addition  to  some  simple  weather  measurements.  this  was  quite  useful,  but  i  wanted  to  get  a  handle  on  when  the  air  quality  started  to  go  bad.  so  i  created  a  rule  to  send  an  alert  whenever  the  pm  2.5  count  went  over  12,  from  to  .  it  took  a  bit  of  digging,  but  i  was  able  to  find  the  which  correlates  air  quality  index  values  to
__label__environmentmonitoring pm  2.5  g/m3.  the  relation  between  aqi  and  particle  concentration  wasnt  linear  across  the  categories,  so  i  couldnt  apply  a  formula  to  calculate  the  conversion  directly.  i  settled  on  adding  threshold  lines  to  the  graphs  for  each  different  aqi  category.  however,  i  was  able  to  easily  set  alerts  for  each  threshold  for  the  particulate  count  boundaries.  if  the  air  quality  changed,  i  got  a  text  message.  i  created  several  rules  with  varying  levels  of  severity,  so  that  i  could  get  an  idea  of  how  fast  the  air  quality  was  changing.  at  this  point  i  had  a  pretty  good  setup;  if
__label__environmentmonitoring the  air  got  bad,  i  got  a  text  message.  the  air  sensor  itself  was  pretty  sensitive  to  local  air  quality  fluctuations;  if  i  fired  up  the  meat  smoker,  id  get  an  alert.  overall  the  system  was  fairly  stable,  but  i  did  run  into  some  issues  where  data  wasnt  sent  to  the  httptrap  at  certain  times.  as  a  former  wifi  firmware  engineer,  i  decided  to  use  tcpdump  to  look  at  the  traffic  directly.  to  do  this,  i  had  to  get  a  host  between  the  sensor  and  the  internet,  so  i  shared  my  imac  internet  connection  over  wifi  and  connected  the  air
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  to  it.  the  air  sensor  has  a  basic  web  interface  that  you  can  use  to  specify  the  wifi  connection,  and  also  get  a  real  time  readout  of  the  laser  air  sensors.  once  i  had  the  sensor  bridged  through  my  imac  i  was  able  to  take  a  look  at  the  network  traffic.  the  sensor  used  http  get  requests  to  update  the  purpleair  map,  and  as  i  had  specified  in  the  configuration  interface,  put  requests  to  the  circonus  httptrap.  oddly  enough,  things  worked  just  fine  when  requests  were  being  routed  through  the  imac.  i  came  to  the  conclusion  that  the  airport
__label__environmentmonitoring extreme  that  the  sensor  was  normally  associated  with  might  be  the  source  of  the  failed  put  requests  at  the  tcp  level  somehow.  this  is  something  i  need  to  put  some  more  energy  into  at  some  point,  but  these  types  of  network  level  issues  can  be  tricky  to  debug.  overall,  im  pleased  with  the  result.  there  are  a  couple  more  things  i  want  to  try  with  the  sensor,  such  as  putting  a  second  order  derivative  alert  on  the  air  pressure  metric  to  tell  when  a  low  pressure  region  is  moving  in.  the  folks  at  were  kind  and  helpful  in  responding  to
__label__environmentmonitoring any  questions  i  had.  im  looking  forward  to  trying  out  some  other  sensors  that  i  can  plug  into  a  monitoring  system.  amazon  has  a  c02  sensor,  so  that  might  be  next  on  my  list.  related  posts  get  new  blog  posts  delivered  to  your  inbox  every  month.  circonus  is  the  machine  data  intelligence  expert,  providing  the  only  machine  data  intelligence  platform  capable  of  handling  billions  of  metric  streams  in  real  time  to  drive  unprecedented  business  insight  and  value.  8161  maple  lawn  blvd.,  suite  320  fulton,  md  20759  8773856194  2019  circonus,  inc.  all  rights  reserved.  get  new  blog  posts  delivered  to  your
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sensor  device  for  developers  sensor  networks  made  easy  sensor  node  the  iot  gateway  ehealth  and  medical  iot  development  platform  iot  kits  with  cloud  connectivity  iot  starter  kits  for  makers  consultancy  and  engineering  services  elearning  facetoface  50  sensor  applications  for  a  smarter  world  success  stories  with  libelium  technologies  consortium  european  calls  published  in:  ,  by  2050,  outdoor  air  pollution  is  projected  to  become  the  top  cause  of  environmentally  related  deaths  worldwide.  the  biggest  problem  coming  from  particulate  matter,  nitrogen  dioxide  no  and  ozone  o  .  the  caqi  is  an  air  quality  index  used  in  europe  since  2006.  started  encouraging  its
__label__environmentmonitoring use  on  websites  and  for  other  ways  of  informing  the  public  about  air  quality.  the  smart  cities  market  is  rapidly  developing.  and  taking  advantage  of  it  and  communication  technologies.  libelium  smart  citiesair  quality  iot  solution  quick  report  as  a  pioneer  in  the  internet  of  things  sector,  libelium  unites  all  in  a  new  quick  report.  a  document  showing  how  the  internet  of  things  can  collaborate  on  key  dimensions  such  as:  smart  cities  improve  citizens  quality  of  life  above  moneysaving  or  return  on  investment.  smart  city  visions  that  are  holistic,  pluralistic  and  citizencentric,  focusing  on  improving  services  and  solving  pressing  urban  issues,
__label__environmentmonitoring will  be  the  most  effective  and  costefficient  in  the  long  term.  with  the  aim  to  improve  control  on  environmental  emissions  and  sound  pollution  as  key  factors  ,  libelium  launched  a  sensor  platform  according  to  the  last  legislation  requirements  including  worldwide  certifications:  .  libelium  has  broad  experience  and  deep  knowledge  of  the  market  in  the  5  continents.  products  are  constantly  updated,  improved  and  developed  to  offer  the  greatest  efficiency.  libelium  strategically  allied  with  specialized  companies,  integrating  the  best  sensors  in  the  market.  the  main  applications  of  the  smart  cities  platform  turn  around  with  high  requirements  in  terms  of  accuracy,  reliability  and
__label__environmentmonitoring measurement  range  as  the  sensors  come  calibrated  from  the  factory.  waspmote  plug  sense  smart  cities  sensor  node  these  sensors  address  current  market  demands  of  higher  precision  in  measurements  and  are  aimed  to  complete  the  pricey  equipments  like  professional  sonometers  and  weather  stations  to  increase  city  capillarity  on  these  services.  check  out  all  the  iot  kits  available  in  the  iot  marketplace  that  include  complete  ready  to  be  deployed:  the  iot  marketplace  buy  offtheshelf  iot  kits  terms  and  conditions  to  use  libelium  content.  libelium  is  the  owner  of  all  images  provided  on  the  website  and  it  can  only  be  used  quoting  the
__label__environmentmonitoring source.  any  video,  photograph,  diagram,  infographic  or  logo  cannot  be  used  or  transformed  without  libelium  authorization.  you  can  request  the  files  in  high  resolution  to  publish  on  your  website  or  to  insert  in  marketing  flyers  always  using  libelium  logo  and  linking  with  libelium  website.  if  you  are  going  to  publish  the  article  in  a  website  or  media  or  in  a  white  paper  or  research  study,  it  must  be  done  including  all  the  references  and  mentioning  libelium  as  the  source  of  the  content.  libelium  comunicaciones  distribuidas  s.l.  quick  publish:  is  your  vertical  solution  covered  on  our  site?  which  connectivity  are  you
__label__environmentmonitoring vocs,  volatile  organic  compounds,  are  cancercausing  chemicals  released  by  cleaning  agents.  as  more  people  occupy  a  space,  carbon  dioxide  levels  spike,  increasing  the  likelihood  of  sleepiness,  distraction,  lethargy  and  affecting  productivity,  concentration,  and  work  performance.  formaldehyde  is  a  naturally  occurring  organic  compound  with  the  formula  ch2o  hcho.  the  dangerous  gas  is  commonly  emitted  by  wooden  painted  surfaces,  fabrics,  carpets,  adhesives  glues  in  furniture,  and  building  materials  like  pressed  wood  particle  board.  dust,  fungi,  bacteria,  pollen,  diesel  exhaust  are  common  examples  of  particulate  matter.  the  smaller  these  particles  are,  the  worse  they  are  for  your  health,  especially  because  they  are  invisible.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  smallest  of  the  particulates,  linger  in  the  atmosphere  for  weeks  at  a  time,  are  freely  transported  by  air  currents,  and  are  most  likely  to  cause  infection  by  bacteria  released  by  just  a  single  cough  or  sneeze.  differences  in  barometric  pressure  can  increase  the  flow  of  infectious  particles.  certain  rooms  within  a  healthcare  building  or  industrial  space  should  be  positively  or  negatively  pressurized  with  respect  to  surrounding  areas.  positively  pressurized  rooms  are  usually  designed  to  protect  a  patient,  clean  supplies,  or  equipment  within  the  room.  negative  pressure  is  used  to  contain  airborne  contaminants  within  a  room.  optimal  temperature  conditions  range
__label__environmentmonitoring between  68  and  74  degrees  fahrenheit.  anything  over  can  result  in  mental  fatigue  causing  diminished  reaction  times  and  delayed  information  processing.  realtime  air  quality  score  is  determined  by  the  data  acquired  by  the  airthinx  iaq  device  and  advanced  algorithms,  providing  users  with  a  quick  overview  of  the  their  indoor  air  quality  score.  exposure  to  hazardous  conditions  resulting  from  building  decay,  water  damage,  poor  plumbing,  and  legacy  pollutants  are  exacerbated  by  high  levels  of  humidity.  spikes  in  humidity  may  result  in  mold  growth  on  any  substance  which  can  happen  within  48  hours  of  contact  with  a  surface,  triggering  asthma,  respiratory  symptoms,
__label__environmentmonitoring irritation  of  the  eyes,  nose  mouth.  click  to  download  the  full  report  we  have  been  indoor  air  quality  consultants  in  the  gta  for  roughly  20  years.  we  provide  indoor  air  quality  and  indoor  environmental  consulting  to  small  business,  large  corporations  as  well  as  niche  markets.  never  have  we  seen  an  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  solution  like  the  airthinx.  this  is  a  pretty  amazing  new  product.  i  saw  it  firsthand  several  months  ago,  and  knew  that  its  monitoring  capability,  functionality  and  easeofimplementation  couldreally  make  it  stand  out  in  our  awards  program.  realtime  indoor  air  quality  data  provides  value  to  customers,  especially
__label__environmentmonitoring considering  the  potential  health  risks  of  waiting  for  a  monitoring  device  to  arrive  or  waiting  for  the  results  of  a  test.  this  is  a  costeffective  solution.  we  appreciated  the  consistency  of  the  data  and  being  able  to  login  remotely  and  receive  alerts  at  our  convenience,  allowing  us  to  become  more  productive.  the  longerterm  indoor  air  quality  survey  also  fostered  a  more  comfortable  worker  environment.  employees  feel  safer  knowing  that  the  air  quality  is  being  monitored  continuously  in  realtime,  creating  a  positive  cultural  impact.  ultimately,  knowing  what  i  know  now,  i  wouldnt  live  without  an  air  quality  sensor.  air  quality  testing
__label__environmentmonitoring is  now  an  essential  part  of  the  smart  home  revolution.  without  it,  you  quite  literally  dont  know  what  youre  breathing,  and  you  dont  know  what  risks  youre  subjecting  yourself  and  your  family  to.  its  relatively  inexpensive  instruments  are  installed  within  a  business  or  home  that  gather  data  associated  with  air  quality,  all  in  real  time.  that  information  is  then  stored  in  the  companys  cloud  software,  which  it  monitors  for  a  monthly  fee.  at  the  appropriate  times,  managers  or  consumers  are  notified  to  shift  their  usage  patterns.  that  not  only  cuts  down  on  electricity  bills  and  pollutant  levels  but  it  can
__label__environmentmonitoring also  improve  theperformance  of  existing  equipment.  in  general,  i  love  this  technology.  its  about  not  only  keeping  your  work  space  comfortable,  but  also  keeping  it  healthy  and  productive.  most  people  want  to  know  the  water  they  drink  is  safe.  i  also  want  to  know  that  the  air  i  breathe  is  safe.  langan  has  partnered  with  airthinx  to  leverage  the  use  of  the  devices  in  corporate  buildings  to  help  create  a  healthier  and  more  productive  environment  while  creating  significant  cost  savings  from  maintenance  and  energy  optimization.  the  radiotherapists  are  very  happy,  and  the  hospital  has  not  spent  50,000  on  a  new
__label__environmentmonitoring ac  system  to  control  the  air  quality  conditions  in  the  room.  as  a  consulting  design  engineer,  i  am  aware  that  the  best  intentions  and  latest  technology  often  fail  when  needed  maintenance  and  constant  monitoring  are  neglected.  in  that  regard,  the  airthinx  is  a  significant  development  and  improvement.  its  low  cost,  easy  installation,  ability  to  monitor  multiple  potential  contaminants  and  ease  of  integration  with  bms  and  specialized  monitoring/alarm  centers  allows  for  an  unprecedented  number  of  devices  to  be  installed,  and  the  original  design  intent  to  be  fully  maintained,  assuring  high  iaq.  powers  iot  is  happy  to  support  and  promote  the  airthinx
__label__environmentmonitoring brand  to  all  of  our  customers.  whether  the  customer  is  a  home  owner,  property  or  office  manager,  the  airthinx  smart  iot  air  quality  monitor  will  help  maintain  a  healthy  indoor  environment.  as  one  of  the  top  elite  nest  pros  in  the  country,  the  airthinx/nest  integration  provides  added  value  to  our  customers.  when  air  quality  conditions  drop,  airthinx  sends  a  signal  to  the  nest  thermostats  to  circulate  the  air,  quickly  improving  the  air  quality.  thanks  airthinx  for  making  such  a  great  solution  we  look  forward  to  a  continued  partnership  in  the  years  to  come.  the  innovative  costeffective  sensors  monitor  airborne  pollutants
__label__environmentmonitoring in  workspace  environments  where  air  quality  stability  is  essential  for  occupational  health,  safety,  productivity  wellness.  create  the  most  sterile  environment  in  operating,  patient,  isolation  rooms  to  ensure  the  highest  levels  of  safety  and  comfort  for  patients  and  staff.  achieve  academic  athletic  excellence  in  every  classroom,  art  studio,  lunchroom  gym  by  monitoring  key  iaq  pollutants  affecting  student  learning,  memory,  concentration,  problem  solving  and  health.  monitor  indoor  air  pollutants  in  your  home  affecting  the  most  vital  human  organs  like  the  lungs,  heart  and  brain,  causing  heart  attacks,  cardiac  arrhythmias,  strokes,  pulmonary  disease,  respiratory  diseases  asthma.  the  worlds  most  luxurious  hotel  spaces  can
__label__environmentmonitoring now  be  the  smartest  too  with  airthinxs  continuous  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  solution,  bringing  5  star  experiences  and  unparalleled  health,  wellness  comfort  to  every  continent,  in  realtime.  become  the  gold  standard  in  the  aviation  industry  by  creating  the  safest  and  healthiest  flight  conditions,  providing  passengers,  crew  and  pilots  a  sustainable  way  of  flying.  ensure  compliance  with  osha  regulations  by  monitoring  air  quality  in  realtime  and  seamlessly  producing  daily,  weekly  and  monthly  reports  about  9  air  quality  parameters.  from  industrial  hygienists  and  facilities  managers,  to  ehs  professionals,  the  ease  of  use  makes  the  airthinx  solution  an  industry  standard.  prevent  the  majority
__label__environmentmonitoring of  lung  disease  by  monitoring  air  quality  in  realtime  and  identifying  pollutants  that  place  more  than  1.4  million  us  residents  in  senior  living  facilities  at  risk  for  copd,  cardiovascular  disease,  stroke,  alzheimers,  diabetes,  hypertension  and  atherosclerosis.  greenbuild  international  conference  expo  georgia  world  congress  center  booth  1728  25  semana  de  la  salud  ocupacional  medellin,  columbia  american  industrial  hygiene  conference  exposition  aihce  booth  1927  argentum  2019  senior  living  executive  conference  booth  1121  hanover  messe  sap  partners  booth  02,  hall  7  please  fill  the  form  below  and  we  will  email  you  the  official  report.  thank  you  copyright  2019  airthinx.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring 3,651  47  3  featured  santiago,  chile  during  a  winter  environmental  emergency  have  the  privilege  of  living  in  one  of  the  most  beautiful  countries  in  the  world,  but  unfortunately,  its  not  all  roses.  chile  during  the  winter  season  suffers  a  lot  with  air  contamination,  mainly  due  to  particulate  materials  as  dust  and  smog.  because  of  cold  weather,  in  the  south,  air  contamination  is  mainly  due  to  woodbased  calefactors  and  in  santiago  the  main  capital  in  the  center  of  the  country  mixed  from  industries,  cars,  and  its  unique  geographic  situation  between  2  huge  mountains  chains.  nowadays,  air  pollution  is  a  big  problem
__label__environmentmonitoring all  over  the  world  and  in  this  article  we  will  explore  how  to  develop  a  low  expensive  homemade  air  quality  monitor,  based  on  a  raspberry  pi.  if  you  are  interested  to  understand  more  about  air  quality,  please  visit  the  .  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  so,  to  understand  pollution  or  air  contamination,  we  must  study  the  particles  that  are  related  to  that,  which  is  also  known  as  particulate  matter.  looking  at  the  graphs  on  the  previous  section  we  can  observe  that  they  mentioned
__label__environmentmonitoring pm2.5  and  pm10.  lets  give  a  quick  overview  of  that.  pm  stands  for  particulate  matter  also  called  particle  pollution:  the  term  for  a  mixture  of  solid  particles  and  liquid  droplets  found  in  the  air.  some  particles,  such  as  dust,  dirt,  soot,  or  smoke,  are  large  or  dark  enough  to  be  seen  with  the  naked  eye.  others  are  so  small  they  can  only  be  detected  using  an  electron  microscope.  particles  come  in  a  wide  range  of  sizes.  particles  less  than  or  equal  to  10  micrometers  in  diameter  are  so  small  that  they  can  get  into  the  lungs,  potentially  causing  serious  health
__label__environmentmonitoring problems.  ten  micrometers  is  less  than  the  width  of  a  single  human  hair.  particle  pollution  includes  coarse  dust  particles  pm10:  inhalable  particles,  with  diameters  that  are  generally  10  micrometers  and  smaller.  sources  include  crushing  or  grinding  operations  and  dust  stirred  up  by  vehicles  on  roads.  fine  particles  pm2.5:  fine  inhalable  particles,  with  diameters  that  are  generally  2.5  micrometers  and  smaller.  fine  particles  are  produced  from  all  types  of  combustion,  including  motor  vehicles,  power  plants,  residential  wood  burning,  forest  fires,  agricultural  burning,  and  some  industrial  processes  you  can  find  more  about  the  particulate  matter  on  epa  site:  the  united  states  environmental
__label__environmentmonitoring protection  agency  as  described  by  gerardo  alvarado  z.  in  his  ,  studies  of  episodes  of  high  air  pollution  in  the  meuse  valley  belgium  in  1930,  donora  pennsylvania  in  1948  and  london  in  1952  have  been  the  first  documented  sources  that  related  mortality  with  particle  contamination  prndez,  1993.  advances  in  the  investigation  of  the  effects  of  air  pollution  on  peoples  health  have  determined  that  health  risks  are  caused  by  inhalable  particles,  depending  on  their  penetration  and  deposition  in  different  sections  of  the  respiratory  system,  and  the  biological  response  to  deposited  materials.  the  thickest  particles,  about  5  m,  are  filtered  by  the
__label__environmentmonitoring joint  action  of  the  cilia  of  the  nasal  passage  and  the  mucosa  that  covers  the  nasal  cavity  and  the  trachea.  particles  with  a  diameter  between  0.5  and  5  m  can  be  deposited  in  the  bronchi  and  even  in  the  pulmonary  alveoli,  however,  they  are  eliminated  by  the  cilia  of  bronchi  and  bronchioles  after  a  few  hours.  particles  smaller  than  0.5  m  can  penetrate  deeply  until  they  are  deposited  in  the  pulmonary  alveoli,  remaining  from  weeks  to  years,  since  there  is  no  mucociliary  transport  mechanism  that  facilitates  elimination.  the  following  figure  shows  the  penetration  of  the  particles  in  the  respiratory  system
__label__environmentmonitoring depending  on  their  size.  so,  to  spot  both  types  of  particles  pm2.5  and  pm10  are  very  important  and  the  good  news  is  that  both  are  readable  by  a  simple  and  not  expensive  sensor,  the  sds011.  air  quality  monitoring  is  well  known  and  established  science  which  started  back  in  the  80s.  at  that  time,  the  technology  was  quite  limited,  and  the  solution  used  to  quantify  the  air  pollution  complex,  cumbersome  and  really  expensive.  fortunately,  nowadays,  with  the  most  recent  and  modern  technologies,  the  solutions  used  for  air  quality  monitoring  are  becoming  not  only  more  precise  but  also  faster  at  measuring.  devices
__label__environmentmonitoring are  becoming  smaller,  and  cost  much  more  affordable  than  ever  before.  in  this  article  we  will  focus  on  a  particle  sensor,  that  can  detect  the  amount  of  dust  in  the  air.  while  the  first  generation  was  just  able  to  detect  the  amount  of  opacity,  most  recent  sensors  as  the  sds011  from  inovafit,  a  spinoff  from  the  university  of  jinan  in  shandong,  can  now  detect  pm2.5  and  pm10.  with  its  size,  the  sds011  is  probably  one  of  the  best  sensors  in  terms  of  accuracy  and  price  less  than  usd40.00.  the  sd011  use  the  pcb  as  one  side  of  the  casing,  allowing
__label__environmentmonitoring to  reduce  its  cost.  the  receptor  diode  is  mounted  on  the  pcb  side  this  is  mandatory  as  any  noise  between  the  diode  and  the  lna  should  be  avoided.  the  emitter  laser  is  mounted  on  the  plastic  box  and  connected  to  the  pcb  via  a  flexible  wire.  in  short,  nova  fitness  sds011  is  a  professional  laser  dust  sensor.  fan  mounted  on  the  sensor  automatically  sucks  air.  the  sensor  uses  a  laser  light  scattering  principle  to  measure  the  value  of  dust  particles  suspended  in  the  air.  the  sensor  provides  high  precision  and  reliable  readings  of  pm2.5  and  pm10  values.  any  change  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  environment  can  be  observed  almost  instantaneously  short  respond  time  below  10  seconds.  the  sensor  in  standard  mode  reports  reading  with  a  1second  interval.  laser  scattering  principle:  light  scattering  can  be  induced  when  particles  go  through  the  detecting  area.  the  scattered  light  is  transformed  into  electrical  signals  and  these  signals  will  be  amplified  and  processed.  the  number  and  diameter  of  particles  can  be  obtained  by  analysis  because  the  signal  waveform  has  certain  relations  with  the  diameter  of  the  particles.  as  commented  before,  the  principle  used  by  sds011  is  light  scattering  or  better,  dynamic  light  scattering  dls,  which  is  a  technique
__label__environmentmonitoring in  physics  that  can  be  used  to  determine  the  size  distribution  profile  of  small  particles  in  suspension  or  polymers  in  solution.  in  the  scope  of  dls,  temporal  fluctuations  are  usually  analyzed  by  means  of  the  intensity  or  photon  autocorrelation  function  also  known  as  photon  correlation  spectroscopy  or  quasielastic  light  scattering.  in  the  time  domain  analysis,  the  autocorrelation  function  acf  usually  decays  starting  from  zero  delay  time,  and  faster  dynamics  due  to  smaller  particles  lead  to  faster  decorrelation  of  scattered  intensity  trace.  it  has  been  shown  that  the  intensity  acf  is  the  fourier  transform  of  the  power  spectrum,  and  therefore  the
__label__environmentmonitoring dls  measurements  can  be  equally  well  performed  in  the  spectral  domain.  above  a  hypothetical  dynamic  light  scattering  of  two  samples:  larger  particles  like  pm10  on  the  top  and  smaller  particles  as  pm2.5  on  the  bottom.  and  looking  inside  our  sensor,  we  can  see  how  the  light  scatter  principle  is  implemented.  the  electrical  signal  captured  on  the  diode  goes  to  low  noise  amplifier  and  from  that  to  be  converted  to  a  digital  signal  through  an  adc  and  to  outside  via  a  uart.  to  know  more  about  sds011  on  a  real  scientific  experience,  please  take  a  look  at  the  2018  work  of
__label__environmentmonitoring konstantinos  et  al,  .  lets  take  a  break  on  all  this  theory  and  focus  on  how  to  measure  particulate  matters  using  a  raspberry  pi  and  the  sds011  sensor  the  hw  connection  is  in  fact  very  simple.  the  sensor  is  sold  with  a  usb  adapter  to  interface  the  output  data  from  its  7  pins  uart  with  one  of  the  rpis  standard  usb  connectors.  sds011  pinout:  for  this  tutorial,  i  am  using  for  the  first  time,  a  brand  new  raspberrypi  4.  but  of  course,  any  previous  model  will  also  work  fine.  as  soon  you  connect  the  sensor  on  one  of  the  rpi
__label__environmentmonitoring usb  ports,  you  automatically  will  start  to  listen  to  the  sound  of  its  fan.  the  noise  is  a  little  bit  annoying,  so  maybe  you  should  unplug  it  and  wait  until  you  have  all  set  with  sw.  the  communication  between  the  sensor  and  rpi  will  be  through  a  serial  protocol.  details  about  this  protocol  can  be  found  here:  laser  dust  sensor  control  protocol  v1.3.  but  for  this  project,  the  best  is  to  use  a  python  interface  to  simplify  the  code  to  be  developed.  you  can  create  your  own  interface  or  use  some  that  are  available  on  the  internet,  as  frank  heuers
__label__environmentmonitoring or  ivan  kalchevs.  we  will  use  the  last  one,  which  is  very  simple  and  works  fine  you  can  download  the  sds011.py  script  from  its  github  or  mine.  the  file  sds011.py  must  be  at  the  same  directory  where  you  create  your  script.  during  the  development  phase,  i  will  use  a  jupyter  notebook,  but  you  can  use  any  ide  that  you  like  thonny  or  geany,  for  example,  that  are  part  of  raspberry  pi  debian  package  are  both  very  good.  start  importing  sds011,  and  creating  your  sensor  instance.  sds011  provides  a  method  to  read  from  the  sensor  using  a  uart.  you  can  turn
__label__environmentmonitoring on  or  off  your  sensor  with  the  command  sleep:  wait  at  least  10  seconds  for  stabilization  before  measurements  and  at  least  2  seconds  to  start  a  new  one  see  code  above.  and  this  is  all  you  need  to  know  in  terms  of  sw  to  use  the  sensor.  but  lets  go  deeper  on  air  quality  control  at  the  beginning  of  this  article,  if  you  have  explored  the  sites  that  give  information  about  how  good  or  bad  is  the  air,  you  should  realize  that  colors  are  associated  with  those  values.  each  color  is  an  index.  the  most  known  of  that  is  the
__label__environmentmonitoring aqi  air  quality  index,  used  in  the  us  and  several  other  countries.  the  aqi  is  an  index  for  reporting  daily  air  quality.  it  tells  you  how  clean  or  polluted  your  air  is,  and  what  associated  health  effects  might  be  a  concern  for  you.  the  aqi  focuses  on  health  effects  you  may  experience  within  a  few  hours  or  days  after  breathing  polluted  air.  epa  the  united  states  environmental  protection  agency,  for  example,  calculates  the  aqi  not  only  for  particle  pollution  pm2.5  and  pm10  but  also  for  the  other  major  air  pollutants  regulated  by  the  clean  air  act:  groundlevel  ozone,  carbon  monoxide,
__label__environmentmonitoring sulfur  dioxide,  and  nitrogen  dioxide.  for  each  of  these  pollutants,  epa  has  established  national  air  quality  standards  to  protect  public  health.  see  above  picture  with  aqi  values,  colors  and  health  message  associated.  as  commented  before  those  aqi  values  and  colors  are  related  to  each  one  of  pollutant  agents,  but  how  to  associate  the  values  generated  by  sensors  with  them?  an  additional  table  connects  them  all  as  shown  above.  but  of  course,  it  makes  no  sense  to  make  use  of  such  a  table.  in  the  end,  it  is  a  simple  mathematical  algorithm  that  makes  the  calculation.  for  that,  we  will  import
__label__environmentmonitoring the  library  to  convert  between  aqi  value  and  pollutant  concentration  g/m:  .  install  the  library  using  pip  and  make  a  test  see  code  above  in  chile  a  similar  index  is  used,  the  icap:  air  quality  index  for  breathable  particles.  a  supreme  decree  59  of  march  16,  1998,  of  the  general  secretary  ministry  of  the  presidency  of  the  republic,  establishes  in  its  article  1,  letter  g  that  the  levels  that  define  the  ica  for  breathable  particulate  material,  icap.  the  values  will  vary  linearly  between  the  sections,  the  value  500  would  correspond  to  the  limit  value  over  which  there  would  be  a
__label__environmentmonitoring risk  for  the  population  when  exposed  to  these  concentrations.  according  to  the  icap  values,  categories  have  established  that  qualify  the  concentration  levels  of  mp10  to  which  people  were  exposed.  at  this  point,  we  have  all  the  tools  to  capture  data  from  the  sensor  and  also  convert  them  for  a  more  readable  value,  that  it  is  the  aqi  index.  lets  create  a  function  to  capture  those  values.  we  will  capture  3  values  in  sequence  taking  the  average  among  them:  at  this  point,  we  have  learned  how  to  capture  data  from  the  sensor,  saving  them  on  a  local  csv  file.  now,  it
__label__environmentmonitoring is  time  to  see  how  to  send  those  data  to  an  iot  platform.  on  this  tutorial,  we  will  use  thingspeak.com.  first,  you  must  have  an  account  at  thinkspeak.com.  next,  follow  the  instructions  to  create  a  channel,  taking  note  of  its  channel  id  and  write  api  key.  when  creating  the  channel,  you  must  also  define  what  info  will  be  uploaded  to  each  one  of  the  8  fields,  as  shown  above  in  our  case  only  4  of  them  will  be  used.  mqtt  is  a  publish/subscribe  architecture  that  was  developed  primarily  to  connect  bandwidth  and  powerconstrained  devices  over  wireless  networks.  it  is  a
__label__environmentmonitoring simple  and  lightweight  protocol  that  runs  over  tcp/ip  sockets  or  websockets.  mqtt  over  websockets  can  be  secured  with  ssl.  the  publish/subscribe  architecture  enables  messages  to  be  pushed  to  the  client  devices  without  the  device  needing  to  continuously  poll  the  server.  the  mqtt  broker  is  the  central  point  of  communication,  and  it  is  in  charge  of  dispatching  all  messages  between  the  senders  and  the  rightful  receivers.  a  client  is  any  device  that  connects  to  the  broker  and  can  publish  or  subscribe  to  topics  to  access  the  information.  a  topic  contains  routing  information  for  the  broker.  each  client  that  wants  to  send
__label__environmentmonitoring messages  publishes  them  to  a  certain  topic,  and  each  client  that  wants  to  receive  messages  subscribes  to  a  certain  topic.  the  broker  delivers  all  messages  with  the  matching  topic  to  the  appropriate  clients.  thingspeak  has  an  mqtt  broker  at  the  url  mqtt.thingspeak.com  and  port  1883.  the  thingspeak  broker  supports  both  mqtt  publish  and  mqtt  subscribe.  it  is  important  to  point  that  jupyter  notebook  is  a  very  good  tool  for  development  and  report,  but  no  to  create  a  code  to  put  in  production.  what  you  should  do  now  is  take  the  relevant  part  of  the  code  and  create  a  .py  script
__label__environmentmonitoring and  run  it  on  your  terminal.  for  example,  tsairqualitylogger.py,  that  you  should  run  with  the  command:  this  script  as  well  the  jupyter  notebook  and  the  sds011.py  can  be  found  in  my  repository  at  .  note  that  this  script  is  feasible  for  testing  only.  the  best  is  not  to  use  delays  inside  the  final  loop  that  put  the  code  in  pause,  instead  use  timers.  or  for  a  real  application,  the  best  is  not  use  the  loop,  having  the  linux  programmed  to  execute  the  script  on  a  regular  basis  with  .  once  my  raspberry  pi  air  quality  monitor  was  working,  i  assembled
__label__environmentmonitoring the  rpi  inside  a  plastic  box,  keeping  the  sensor  outside  and  placed  it  outside  my  home.  two  experiences  were  made.  the  sensor  was  placed  around  1m  from  the  lambrettas  gas  scape,  and  its  motor  turned  on.  the  motor  was  running  for  a  couple  of  minutes  and  turned  off.  from  the  above  log  file,  the  result  that  i  got.  interesting  to  confirm  that  pm2.5  was  the  most  dangerous  particulate  that  resulted  from  the  motor.  looking  at  the  log  file,  we  realize  that  the  sensor  data  was  momentaneous  out  of  range  and  was  not  well  captured  by  aqi  conversion  library,  so  i
__label__environmentmonitoring change  previous  code  to  handle  it:  as  always,  i  hope  this  project  can  help  others  find  their  way  into  the  exciting  world  of  electronics  and  data  science  for  details  and  final  code,  please  visit  my  github  depository:  .  saludos  from  the  south  of  the  world  see  you  at  my  next  instructable  thank  you,  marcelo  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,593  enrolled  5  weeks  ago  hello,  my  name  is  jonathan  torres,  ive  reed  your  garage  project  and  i  find  it  fascinating.  i  would  like  to  talk  to  you  about  the  project  and  ask  some  questions.  please  tell
__label__environmentmonitoring me  if  you  have  time  for  a  little  chat  on  the  matter.  thanks,  jonathan  torres  rosario  3  months  ago  thanks  for  sharing  your  documentation  :  reply  3  months  ago  thanks  for  sharing  the  project  writeup.  i  visit  santiago  each  year  and  the  air  quality  is  in  need  of  improvement.  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring here  youll  find  industrial  iot  applications  where  is  used  with  various  air  quality  sensor  brands.  you  canmeasure  any  air  pollution  factors  you  need,  like:  your  air  quality  monitoring  systemscan  be  powered  by  either,  or  both  of  these  options:  air  pollution  sensor  devicessend  measurements  to  as  often  as  youd  like.  and  data  is  uploadedvia  thenetwork  technology  thats  most  effective  for  your  specific  deployment  scenario:  please  dont  hesitate  to  and  give  us  a  call  at  1  424  4420963.  well  help  you  with  any  remote  monitoring  needs  youve  got.  below  arecustomer  success  stories,  use  cases,  and  case  studies  on  using  and  industrial  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  devices  to  monitor  air  quality  and  pollution.  youll  see  how  various  industries  and  governments  deployair  quality  monitoring  stations  and  systems  around  your  world.  you  can  receive  or  based  on  your  air  quality  and  any  other  sensor  thresholds.  visualize  your  air  pollution  information  on  3d  earth  globes  like  you  see  in  .  your  organization  can  also  use  a  custom  to  view  your  latest  measurements  in  realtime  on  any  device  with  a  web  browser,  like  your  tablet  or  .  our  core  product  is  software.  since  tools.valarm.net  is  an  open,  flexible  platform,  our  integrate  various  air  quality  sensors  made  by  a  variety
__label__environmentmonitoring of  companies  like  ,  ,  habitatmap  /  aircasting  /  takingspace  ,  ,  and  other  hardware  manufacturers.  well  recommend  the  best  sensor  for  your  specific  scenario  or  you  can  connect  any  otherbrands  of  sensors  to  tools.valarm.net.  and  well  help  you  deploy  yourmost  effective  pollution  and  air  quality  monitoring  systems.  need  to  monitor  more  than  air  quality  and  pollution?  have  a  look  at  our  pages  chock  full  of  info  on:  you  can  get  your  sensor  hardware  at  .  talk  to  us  and  well  help  you  make  your  custom  air  quality  monitoring  systems  designed  for  your  particular  deployment  scenario  needs.  please  dont  hesitate
__label__environmentmonitoring ensure  the  safety  of  your  factory  and  workers  by  avoiding  hazardous  incidents  industrial  processes  like  burning  fossil  fuels,  chemical  processing,  mixing  and  drilling  into  tunnels  and  mines,  metal  casting,  coatings,  oil  paintings  emit  a  large  amount  of  toxic  gases  like  co,  co  ,  ch  ,  so  ,  vocs,  nh  ,  lpg,  h  and  many  other  which  create  the  worst  impacts  on  work  environment.  the  flammable  hazards  and  human  health  hazards  are  the  primary  concerns  if  these  gases  have  been  breathed  in  or  not  controlled  in  the  proportion.  industries  like  underground  mining/tunnels,  petrochemicals,  metal  refining,  oil  gas,  recyclable,  fertilizers  and  refractories
__label__environmentmonitoring are  considered  dangerous  and  they  ought  to  manage  safety  compliances.  the  accidents  due  to  gas  leakages  are  common  there.  with  an  average  person  spending  around  90  of  their  time  indoors,  the  effects  of  indoor  air  quality  are  more  injurious  compared  to  outdoor  air  pollution.  thats  why  it  is  important  to  monitor  and  control  gas  emissions  from  these  industrial  units.  our  iotbased  smart  air  quality  monitoring  solution  allows  you  to  assess  toxic  and  flammable  gas  proportions  along  with  the  concentration  of  air  pollutants  all  year  round.  you  can  also  automate  this  journey  with  our  smart  solution.  iotconnect  is  the  result  of
__label__environmentmonitoring our  continued  dedication  to  help  companies  take  advantage  of  the  iot  revolution.  lets  discuss  your  idea  and  empower  your  business  to  do  much  more  with  the  internet  of  things.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  8663457638  iotconnect  is  a  product  of  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  air  pollution  is  a  major  factor  in  global  heating  and  an  increasing  focus  is  centered  on  solving  this  problem.  urban  communities  take  advantage  of  information  technology  it  and  communications  technologies  in  order  to  improve  the  control  of  environmental  emissions  and  sound  pollution.  the  aim  is  to  mitigate  health  threatening  risks  and  to  raise  awareness  in  relation  to  the  effects  of  air  pollution  exposure.  this  paper  investigates  the  key  issues  of  a  realtime  pollution  monitoring  system,  including  the  sensors,  internet  of  things  iot  communication  protocols,  and  acquisition  and  transmission  of  data  through  communication
__label__environmentmonitoring channels,  as  well  as  data  security  and  consistency.  security  is  a  major  focus  in  the  proposed  iot  solution.  all  other  components  of  the  system  revolve  around  security.  the  bill  of  the  materials  and  communications  protocols  necessary  for  the  designing,  development,  and  deployment  of  the  iot  solution  are  part  of  this  paper,  as  well  as  the  security  challenges.  the  papers  proof  of  concept  poc  addresses  iot  security  challenges  within  the  communication  channels  between  iot  gateways  and  the  cloud  infrastructure  where  data  are  transmitted  to.  the  security  implementations  adhere  to  existing  guidelines,  best  practices,  and  standards,  ensuring  a  reliable  and  robust  solution.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  addition,  the  solution  is  able  to  interpret  and  analyze  the  collected  data  by  using  predictive  analytics  to  create  pollution  maps.  those  maps  are  used  to  implement  realtime  countermeasures,  such  as  traffic  diversion  in  a  major  city,  to  reduce  concentrations  of  air  pollutants  by  using  existing  data  collected  over  a  year.  once  integrated  with  traffic  management  systemscameras  monitoring  and  traffic  lightsthis  solution  would  reduce  vehicle  pollution  by  dynamically  offering  alternate  routes  or  even  enforcing  rerouting  when  pollution  thresholds  are  reached.  the  air  pollution  in  major  cities  may  reduce  life  expectancy  by  up  to  22  months.  however,  according  to  a  study
__label__environmentmonitoring that  was  made  by  the  world  health  organization  who  in  may  2016  and  updated  in  2018,  most  big  cities  are  facing  this  issue.  more  than  80  of  urban  areas  reach  air  pollution  levels  well  above  acceptable  values  ,  ;  around  seven  million  people  die  every  year  from  exposure  to  fine  particles  in  polluted  air  that  lead  to  diseases  such  as  stroke,  heart  disease,  lung  cancer  and  respiratory  infections.  the  world  health  organization  provides  an  interactive  map  based  on  estimate  models,  which  considers  fine  particulate  matter  pm2.5  in  micrograms/cube  meter.  therefore,  this  has  become  a  growing  problem  in  recent  years  and
__label__environmentmonitoring its  effects  are  visible  in  everyday  life.  the  data  obtained  by  monitoring  the  busiest  urban  areas  prove  that  pollution  impacts  not  only  our  own  lives  but  also  the  lives  of  the  generations  to  come.  therefore,  it  is  very  important  to  try  as  much  as  possible  to  be  careful  and  control  the  harmful  emissions  that  we  release  into  the  atmosphere.  the  internet  of  things  iot  solution  aims  to  monitor  pollution  levels,  especially  levels  present  within  cities,  by  using  several  iot  devices  and  attached  sensors.  the  idea  involves  having  multiple  stations  placed  in  several  areas  of  cities.  these  stations  periodically  upload  and
__label__environmentmonitoring send  data  to  the  iot  cloud.  for  the  proof  of  the  concept  and  prototyping,  the  authors  used  development  boards,  such  as  nitrogen  imx  6  or  raspberry  pi,  but  for  the  final  iot  solution,  properly  calibrated  highquality  sensors  and  industrial  iot  gateway  devices,  such  as  hms  netbiter  or  equivalent  equipment,  are  targeted.  the  key  differentiator  between  this  solution  and  other  solutions  is  the  designed  security  for  the  iot  gateway  and  communications  to  the  iot  clouds.  the  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  ontologies  and  other  technologies  may  be  used  for  better  prediction  and  data  analysis.  one  purpose  of  the  paper  is  to  collect,
__label__environmentmonitoring analyze,  and  process  the  data  received  from  sensors  in  order  to  obtain  realtime  monitoring  of  the  air  quality,  as  well  as  determine  the  security  and  consistency  of  the  collected  data.  therefore,  it  is  necessary  to  design  and  develop  new  types  of  public  services,  such  as:  determination  of  areas  less  polluted  at  a  certain  moment  in  timeparks,  markets,  or  any  other  public  area.  determination  of  the  most  polluted  areas,  in  order  to  avoid  them.  triggering  specific  public  actions,  such  as  partial  road  closures,  in  order  to  decrease  the  current  pollution  level  or  the  triggering  of  alarms  if  excessive  measurements  have  been
__label__environmentmonitoring recorded.  identifying  the  least  polluted  area  in  real  estate.  a  city  is  smart  if  it  uses  different  types  of  sensors  and  devices  to  collect  data  and  provide  information  that  is  used  to  efficiently  manage  resources.  data  can  be  processed  and  analyzed  in  order  to  monitor  and  manage  the  traffic  and  transport  systems,  waste  recycling,  water  supply  networks,  and  other  public  services.  stations,  located  in  crowded  areas  of  the  city,  periodically  read  a  number  of  samples  containing  data  from  attached  sensors  .  at  a  set  time,  the  station  processes  an  average  sample  to  reduce  erroneous  data  and  sends  it  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring cloud  platform.  the  data  is  transferred  using  a  lowresource  protocol.  internet  of  things  monitoring  solution  for  pollutiongeneric  view.  the  main  contributions  of  the  authors  in  this  paper  are  the  following:  design  of  a  large  scalable  architecture  and  infrastructure  for  pollution  metric  collection  within  an  iot  smart  city  solution.  design  and  implementation  of  the  proof  of  concept  poc  of  an  iot  architecture  to  collect  pollution  metrics  within  a  smart  city  using  the  best  practices  in  software  development  technologies.  analysis  of  the  technologies  and  platforms  that  may  be  used  within  a  pollution  monitoring  solution.  security  of  the  message  queuing  telemetry  transport  mqtt
__label__environmentmonitoring communication  protocol  implementation  for  the  collected  data,  in  order  to  avoid  indirect  attacks  on  the  data  collection  process.  the  system  also  needs  to  be  resilient  to  malicious  threats  e.g.,  cyber  terrorism  that  could  represent  high  risks  once  the  integration  with  any  traffic  control  system  is  made.  the  paper  is  structured  in  five  sections,  starting  from  the  sensors  data  collections,  iot  gateway,  communications  protocols,  and  iot  cloud  to  the  security  challenges  and  conclusions.  the  second  section  presents  the  existing  solutions  for  pollution  monitoring  and  shows  the  differences  between  them.  the  third  section  shows  the  bill  of  the  materials  and  the  communications
__label__environmentmonitoring protocols  necessary  for  designing,  developing,  and  deploying  the  iot  solution.  it  also  emphasizes  the  architecture  of  the  components,  the  data  flow  implementation  details,  and  the  edge  connectivity  to  the  iot  cloud.  the  fourth  section  presents  the  security  challenges  and  the  poc  approach  merits.  the  last  section  shows  conclusions  and  future  work,  as  well  as  the  results  of  the  pollution  monitoring  gathered  for  one  year  inside  a  major  city  e.g.,  bucharest,  romania,  european  union  in  2018.  according  to  ,  air  quality  assurance  is  a  very  big  concern  for  humanity,  especially  for  people  living  in  urban  areas.  a  custom  extensible  air  quality
__label__environmentmonitoring internet  of  things  aqiot  device  platform  is  capable  of  making  measurements  and  stores  all  collected  data  in  the  cloud.  the  components  used  in  the  first  version  of  the  device  cost  around  us900  dollars  and  are  based  on  a  raspberry  pi3  model  b.  this  version  was  tested  with  six  devices  in  southampton  in  the  uk.  communication  between  the  devices  is  achieved  via  an  long  range  wide  area  network  lorawan.  the  second  version  of  the  devicecosting  around  us1000  dollarswas  developed  next.  another  approach  is  presented  in  ,  using  a  raspberry  pi2  model  b  board.  other  perspectives  on  solving  similar  problems  are  presented
__label__environmentmonitoring in  ,  .  lorawan  is  also  used  in  a  romanian  solution  named  uradmonitor  .  it  equips  smart  city  projects  with  sensors  for  various  pollutants.  this  solution  was  used  in  alba  iulia,  with  15  sensors  installed  on  15  buses.  this  novelty  of  this  approach  is  in  the  way  the  sensors  work  and  the  platforms  ability  to  render  maps  using  the  measurements  decks  and  dashboards.  samples  of  the  collected  data  can  be  accessed  at  .  another  pragmatic  project  is  radonair,  which  was  developed  by  the  dositracker  startup.  it  aims  to  reduce  the  concentration  of  radon  in  dwellings  and  buildings  .  another  research
__label__environmentmonitoring that  analyzed  smart  buildings  is  ,  in  which  the  authors  proposed  a  system  that  focuses  on  efficient  energy  use  for  data  collection.  according  to  ,  as  people  spend  90  of  their  time  indoors,  home  air  quality  is  also  very  important.  the  iair  system  is  used  for  collecting  data  about  ammonia,  carbon  monoxide,  nitrogen  dioxide,  propane,  butane,  methane,  hydrogen,  and  ethanol.  the  iair  provides  realtime  alerts  when  the  concentration  of  one  of  these  gazes  is  excessive.  the  system  uses  an  esp8266  as  a  microcontroller  and  an  mics6814  sensor  for  measurements.  the  collected  data  is  stored  in  thingspeak,  which  allows  data  analysis
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  time  series.  the  micro  computing  unit  mcu  esp8266  is  also  part  of  another  solution  presented  in  .  internet  for  things  technology  is  used  for  the  monitoring  of  both  air  and  water  pollution.  another  iot  project  with  supervisory  control  and  data  acquisition  scada  technology  for  water  quality  monitoring  is  presented  in  .  the  security  of  these  systems  is  an  important  aspect  and  several  studies,  such  as  ,  focus  on  its  implementation  in  data  integration  and  air  quality  monitoring.  the  second  version  of  the  solution  aims  to  use  the  iotnb  5g  gsm  narowband  iot  network  in  a  hybrid  approach  with
__label__environmentmonitoring wifi,  sigfox,  and  lorawan  and  to  enhance  security  by  using  the  java  card  secure  element  in  within  an  industrial  iot  gateway.  this  uses  at  least  an  ip  of  67  because  of  the  outdoor  exposure  of  the  station.  development  boards,  such  as  raspberry  pi  3  and  nitrogen  imx6,  are  suitable  candidates  for  proof  of  the  concepts  and  fast  prototyping,  but  in  real  solutions  they  are  not  reliable.  the  internet  of  things  platform  for  monitoring  smart  cities  pollution  iotp4mscp  contains  the  following  components:  the  following  subsections  present  details  of  the  implementation.  the  first  focuses  on  the  components  configurationcloud  services,  mqtt  broker,  nodered,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  mongodb  database  as  well  as  on  the  implementation  of  the  platform  solution  through  the  gateway  application.  the  data  flow  diagram  shown  in  presents  the  logical  flow  of  data  processing  and  transmission  functions  through  the  current  architecture.  architecture  with  data  flow.  the  architecture  has  the  following  components:  iot  edge  devices  iot  networks/internetcommunications  to  the  internet/iot  cloud  are  important  and  need  to  be  reliable  and  secure,  ensuring  at  a  minimum  coverage  across  the  city.  the  following  network  communications  may  be  used:  gsm  2g/3g/4glte/5giotnb,  sigfox,  lorawan,  and  wifi.  solution  cloudsthe  prototype  used  two  types  of  clouds:  enterprise  systems  frontend  devices  for  management
__label__environmentmonitoring and  reporting  e.g.,  smart  city  pollution  map  creation.  iot  gateway  pollution  monitoring  stations  are  mqttsubscribed  to  the  broker  topics:  /stations  and  /stations/  identifier  station,  where  stationidentifier  represents  the  media  access  control  mac  address  of  the  station  network  interface  card  if  wifi/ethernet/gsm  networks  are  used.  in  these  topics,  they  are  waiting  for  configuration  messages.  after  initialization,  the  stations  collect  data  from  the  sensors  at  a  specific  interval  and  publish  an  mqtt  message  to  the  mosquitto  broker  hosted  on  the  aws  ec2  side.  the  nodered  component  persists  the  data  through  the  mqtt  protocol.  it  launches  a  stream  that  listens  to  messages  posted
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  topic/sessions,  takes  over  their  payload,  validates  it,  and  then  stores  it  in  mongodb.  the  iotp4mscp  cloud/backend  component  provides  restful  services  for  interacting  with  the  mongodb  database  crud  operations  and  with  the  mqtt  broker.  the  messages,  which  are  published  in  the  above  broker  topics,  modify  the  configuration  parameters  of  a  stationenable/disable,  interval,  where  data  is  retrieved/sent.  to  monitor  the  level  of  air  pollution  and  air  quality,  a  development  board  such  as  raspberry  pi  or  nitrogen  imx  station  records  the  following  data  with  attached  sensors:  temperature  c,  atmospheric  pressure  hpa,  altitude  m,  humidity  level  ,  carbon  dioxide  level  co  ppm,
__label__environmentmonitoring carbon  monoxide  co  ppm,  methane  ch  pbm,  and  ammonium  nh  ppm.  also,  data  on  wifi  networks  identified  in  the  vicinity  of  the  station  and  the  level  of  their  signal  are  recorded.  the  components  that  make  up  a  station  are  shown  in  .  hardware  bill  of  materials  for  one  station  within  the  iot  solution.  the  development  board  for  the  proof  of  concept  station  iot  gateway  raspberry  pi  3  model  b  as  an  alternative  to  the  nitrogen  imx  board  is  a  single  board  computer  sbc  of  a  credit  card  size  with  a  bcm2837  quad  core  4x  arm  cortexa53,  1.2  ghz,  1  gb
__label__environmentmonitoring ram,  wifi,  bluetooth  4.1,  and  bluetooth  low  energy  ble.  raspberry  pi  has  no  internal  flash  memory  and  it  uses  a  micro  sd  card  for  storage.  the  model  also  features  four  universal  serial  bus  usb  ports,  high  definition  multimedia  interface  hdmi  port,  and  40  general  purpose  input/output  gpio  pins.  the  raspberry  pi  board  is  powered  by  a  micro  usb  port  that  supports  a  5  v  input  voltage.  raspberry  pi  3b  contains  a  gpio  40  pin  layoutdigital  inputs  that  can  connect  a  lot  of  sensors/modules.  there  are  two  5  v  pins,  two  3.3  v  pins,  and  an  eightpin  ground.  raspbian  is  the
__label__environmentmonitoring official  operating  system  released  by  pi  foundation  for  the  first  time  in  june  2012.  it  is  based  on  debian  and  is  optimized  for  raspberry  pi  arm  processors.  the  authors  used  several  distributions  jessie  and  stretch  and  java  8  see  standard  edition  embedded  edition,  python  2.7,  and  3  and  node.js  8  with  nodered  packages  for  the  sensors  data  gathering.  all  40  gpio  pins  on  the  raspberry  pi  card  support  digital  inputs,  so  an  analogtodigital  converter  is  needed  to  connect  the  analog  sensors  and  read  the  values  they  provide.  the  mcp  3008  is  an  analogtodigital  converter,  with  which  an  analogue  size  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  accepted  at  the  input,  and  a  number  representing  an  approximation  of  the  analog  signal  of  the  input  signal  is  outputted.  this  model  works  with  eight  analogue  channels,  allowing  up  to  eight  analog  sensors  to  be  connected.  the  working  voltage  is  3.3  v  and  the  operating  temperature  is  between  40  and  85  c.  the  snsmq135  is  an  electrochemical  sensor  that  measures  air  quality  and  is  capable  of  detecting  levels  of  carbon  dioxide  co  ,  ammonium  nh  ,  ethanol  c  h  o,  and  toluene  c  h  .  the  sensor  has  an  analogue  and  digital  output,  uses  a  working  voltage  of  5
__label__environmentmonitoring v,  and  has  a  current  consumption  of  40  ma.  the  working  temperature  is  between  20  and  50  c.  mq9  is  a  gas  sensor  that  measures  the  level  of  carbon  monoxide  co  and  methane  ch4.  like  snsmq135,  this  sensor  has  analogue  and  digital  output,  a  working  voltage  of  5  v,  and  a  current  consumption  of  40  ma.  the  working  temperature  is  between  20  and  50  c.  the  two  sensors  in  the  mq  series  mq135,  mq9  require  a  preheating  period  of  at  least  24  h,  when  commissioned  for  calibration.  syh2r  is  an  analog  sensor  for  the  detection  of  relative  humidity  levels.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring working  voltage  is  5  v  and  the  operating  temperature  is  between  20  and  85  c.  bmp280  is  a  sensor  designed  by  bosch  to  detect  temperature  1  c  accuracy  and  barometric  pressure  1  hpa  accuracy.  it  contains  a  voltage  regulator  and  can  use  a  working  voltage  of  3.3  to  5  v.  the  operating  temperature  is  between  40  and  85  c.  this  sensor  can  communicate  through  both  the  serial  peripheral  interface  spi  interface  and  interintegrated  circuit  i2c  bus.  fritzing  is  an  opensource  software  product  used  to  ease  the  connection  of  electronic  devices  and  circuits.  it  allows  the  design  of  circuit  diagrams  and
__label__environmentmonitoring diagrams,  as  well  as  the  design  of  printed  circuit  board  pcbs.  the  schema  and  connection  diagram  were  designed  by  fritzing.  when  assembling  the  components,  the  mothertomale  connection  wires  and  the  breadboard  were  used  to  extend  the  5  v  and  ground  lines  .  hardware  diagram.  the  analogue  sensors  are  connected  to  the  mcp3008  converter  as  follows:  the  snsmq135  is  connected  to  the  analogue  channel,  a0;  the  mq9  is  connected  to  the  analogue  channel,  a1;  and  the  humidity  sensor,  syh2r,  is  connected  to  the  a2  channel.  the  converter  connects  through  the  spi  interface  to  the  raspberry  pi  board  .  schematic  mcp3008.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring connection  of  the  analogdigital  converter  to  raspberry  pi  is  done  via  the  spi  interface  as  follows:  vdd  pin  connects  to  3.3  vgpio  01,  the  gnd  pin  connects  to  the  ground  pingpio  06,  the  sclk  pin  connects  at  spiclkgpio  11,  the  miso  pin  connects  to  spimisogpio  09,  the  mosi  pin  connects  to  spimosigpio  10,  and  the  ce  pin  connects  to  spice0gpio  08.  interfacing  the  bmp280  temperature  and  pressure  sensor  with  raspberry  pi  is  done  by  the  i2c  protocol  as  follows:  the  sdi  pin  on  the  sensor  connects  to  sda1gpio  02,  the  cs  pin  connects  to  scl1gpio  03,  the  gnd  pin  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  groundboard  on  the  breadboard,  and  the  pin  3.3  v  to  the  power  plug  on  the  breadboard.  connecting  the  status  leds  is  done  through  the  following  pins:  green  led  connects  to  gpio  21,  blue  led  connects  to  gpio  12,  and  red  led  connects  to  gpio  05.  all  leds  connect  to  the  line  ground  on  the  breadboard.  by  using  a  communication  protocol,  two  or  more  entities  in  a  communication  system  exchange  information.  the  interface  of  the  analog  sensors  snsmq135,  mq9,  syh2r  and  digital  sensor  bmp280  with  the  iot  gateway  development  boards  can  be  achieved  through  the  following  communication  protocols:  wireless  sensorsthese
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  will  be  added  in  the  next  version  of  the  solution:  data  collection  by  the  attached  sensors  is  achieved  both  through  the  spi  interface  for  communicating  with  analog  sensors  and  via  the  i2c  interface  for  communicating  with  digital  sensors.  to  read  data  from  sensors  via  i2c,  the  authors  used  the  java  device  input/output  dio  library  .  bosch,  the  manufacturer  of  the  bmp280  sensor,  offers  a  java  implementation  to  retrieve  the  data.  to  read  data  from  sensors  via  spi,  we  needed  a  way  to  interact  with  the  mcp3008  analoguetodigital  converter.  therefore,  the  authors  created  an  analogdigitalconverter  class  that  implements  the  singleton
__label__environmentmonitoring design  pattern  and  uses  the  java  jdk.dio  device  i/o  library  used  in  both  java  see  standard  edition  embedded  and  java  memicroedition  to  communicate  with  the  gpio  pins.  next,  the  authors  created  an  analogsensor  abstract  class  that  implements  the  analogsensoroperation  interface  and  contains  an  analogdigitalconverter,  the  analogue  channel  where  the  data  is  read  and  the  gross  value  is  returned  by  the  sensor.  partial  implementation  of  the  class  analogicdigitalconverter.  thus,  all  analog  sensors  will  inherit  the  analogsensor  class  and  implement  the  interface  method  to  provide  processing  of  the  readable  gross  value.  the  application  from  the  iot  gateway  communicates  recorded  data  using  the
__label__environmentmonitoring mqtt  protocol  with  its  implementation  from  eclipse  foundationmosquitto  mqtt.  this  implies  the  existence  of  a  broker  that  has  the  role  of  selecting  and  filtering  incoming  messages.  iotp4mscp  uses  cloud  services,  such  as  amazon  ec2  iaas  infrastructure  as  a  service  or  google  containers  as  a  service  cloud  to  host  the  mqtt  broker  and  the  polluting  station  management/monitoring  web  application.  if  the  authors  use  amazon  web  services  aws/google/oracle  iot  clouds  or  paas  platform  as  a  service,  then  the  application  will  directly  access  the  features  provided  by  these  iotdedicated  clouds.  the  amazon  elastic  compute  cloud  ec2  is  an  infrastructure  as  a  service  iaas
__label__environmentmonitoring cloud  that  offers  a  secure  computing  capability  in  the  aws  cloud.  ec2  courts  can  be  resized  and  their  number  can  be  scaled  according  to  requirements.  these  can  be  launched  in  multiple  locations  and  geographic  regions  called  availability  zones  azs.  each  region  is  comprised  of  several  azs  in  distinct  locations,  interconnected  by  lowlatency  networks.  amazon  ec2  supports  multiple  operating  systems  for  which  the  users  should  pay  licensing  fees,  such  as  red  hat  enterprise,  suse  enterprise,  oracle  enterprise  linux,  unix,  and  windows  server,  and  free  operating  systems,  such  as  amazon  linux,  ubuntu,  and  centos.  in  terms  of  security,  the  cloud  allows  users
__label__environmentmonitoring to  create  security  groups  that  behave  like  a  virtual  firewall  that  controls  inbound  and  outbound  traffic.  thus,  specific  ports  for  specific  ip  addresses  can  be  restricted.  internal  storage  of  an  instance  data  is  done  using  an  aws  amazon  web  services  elastic  block  store  ebs  instance.  it  provides  data  storage  volumes  and  is  automatically  replicated  for  each  availability  zone  az  to  provide  high  availability.  to  create  the  ec2  instance,  an  amazon  machine  image  ami  must  be  selected  that  contains  the  software  configuration  operating  system,  applications,  preinstalled  utilities.  we  chose  amazon  linux  ami  2018.03.0  ,  which  is  a  rhel  5.xbased  distribution  and
__label__environmentmonitoring includes  aws  command  line  tools,  java  1.8,  python,  ruby,  and  perl.  for  the  instance  type,  we  chose  t2.micro  with  1v  cpu  of  2.5  ghz  and  1  gb  of  random  access  memory  ram.  the  storage  is  provided  by  an  8  gb  elastic  block  store  volume.  amazon  machine  image  ami  selection.  for  the  full  launch  of  ec2,  we  needed  to  define  a  security  group.  one  instance  can  be  associated  to  one  or  more  security  groups.  the  security  group  used  called  rdsrpi  for  this  instance  is  configured  to  allow  inbound  ports  22for  sshsecure  shell,  8080to  access  the  web  server  of  the  solution  and
__label__environmentmonitoring 1883for  the  mosquitto  mqtt  broker.  security  group  selection.  after  launching  the  ec2  instance  ,  a  private  privacy  enhanced  email  pem  key  awspi.pem  pemprivacy  enhanced  mail  file  is  a  x509  digital  certificate  encoded  in  base64  is  downloaded  to  access  the  instance  using  the  ssh  protocol.  authentication  is  done  with  the  user  name  ec2user.  launching  the  instance  from  cloud  amazon  elastic  computing  ec2.  shows  the  public  ip  of  the  backend  instance  and  the  public  dns  domain  name  service  if  it  is  necessary  to  be  accessed  from  the  internet.  the  mongodb  database  is  hosted  by  the  mlab  platform  through  amazon  web  services.  mlab
__label__environmentmonitoring offers  a  sandbox  with  a  500  mb  mongodb  instance.  adding  a  database  user  is  done  from  the  mlab  platform  through  the  add  database  user  form  :  adding  a  new  user  into  mongodb  nosql  database  via  amazon  web  services  awss  mlab.  storage  of  collected  data  from  the  iotp4mscp  iot  gateway  is  performed  using  a  nononly  sql  nosql  mongodb  cloud  database.  using  a  nosql  database  under  this  project  is  ideal  for  storing  samples  recorded  by  stations  and  processing  them  to  be  distributed  through  mapreduce.  mongodb  is  a  nonrelational,  opensource  database  developed  in  c  and  released  publicly  in  2009.  mongodb  is  documentoriented,  delivering
__label__environmentmonitoring high  performance  and  scalability.  unlike  a  relational  database,  where  data  is  stored  in  tables,  in  mongodb,  data  is  stored  as  javascript  object  notation  json  documents  in  collections.  these  collections  do  not  impose  a  certain  scheme,  so  the  documents  have  a  dynamic  scheme  and  can  have  a  different  structure.  the  persistence  of  the  data  recorded  by  the  stations  in  the  mongodb  database  is  carried  out  through  two  collections:  stationsin  which  data  is  stored  on  the  stations  their  name,  unique  identifier,  geographical  position,  as  shown  in  a,  and  probesa  collection  in  which  the  data  persistence  is  recorded  by  an  iot  gateway  development
__label__environmentmonitoring board  station  air  quality  level,  detected  wifi  networks,  and  their  signal  b.  also,  the  iotp4mscp  solution  has  web  interfaces,  which  implies  the  existence  of  users  who  administer  the  stations.  these  are  stored  in  the  users  collection  in  json  format  as  in  c.  the  sample  rate  json  structure;  the  json  for  the  station  structure;  the  json  for  the  user  structure.  the  json  stored  into  the  mqtt  broker  and  then  transferred  to  the  mongodb  are  next  inserted  into  the  distributed  relational  database  for  big  data  processing  and  reports  dashboard  creation.  the  server  side  mqtt  mosquitto  broker  configuration  involves  installation  of  the  broker
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  ec2  instance  and  is  done  using  the  yum  package  manager.  all  nonspecified  subscription  and  publishing  requests  are  restricted  by  setting  the  allowanonymous  to  the  false  value.  nodered  is  an  ibmbased,  flowbased  programming  tool  for  connecting  hardware,  apis,  and  online  services.  it  is  built  on  node.js  and  uses  its  nonblocking  and  eventdriven  model,  making  it  ideal  for  running  on  limitedcloud  or  cloudbased  devices.  it  provides  a  browser  feed/flows  editor  that  runs  as  default  on  the  1880  port,  which  can  connect  a  lot  of  input,  output,  storage,  and  javascript  functions.  the  feeds/flows  can  be  imported/exported  in  json  formatjavascript  syntax  object
__label__environmentmonitoring notation  e.g.,  software:nodered,  version:1.  nodered  is  a  flowbased  development  tool  developed  originally  by  ibm  for  wiring  together  hardware  devices,  apis,  and  online  services  as  part  of  the  internet  of  things.  using  a  nodered  instance  this  can  be  deployed  anywhere,  even  on  localhost  and  a  development  flow,  the  messages  published  via  mqtt  by  the  stations  can  be  written  to  the  mongodb  instance.  this  flow  contains  the  following  nodes  :  mqtt  output  node  connected  to  mosquitto  broker  from  aws  ec2.  javascript  function  node  collects  and  validates  the  payload  from  the  mqtt  message.  mongodb  input  node  connected  to  mlab  mongodb  instance.  debug  node
__label__environmentmonitoring logs  the  raw  mqtt  message.  flow  in  nodered  on  the  server  cloud.  as  iot  middleware  and  communications  protocols  between  the  iot  gateways  and  the  iot  cloud  for  the  solution,  mqtts  and  httpsrestapi  are  used.  mqtt  message  queuing  telemetry  transport  is  a  publishsubscribebased  communication  protocol  that  runs  over  the  tcp/ip  protocols  stack  .  filtering  messages  is  done  on  a  topic  basis  by  the  broker,  and  messages  are  categorized  on  topics  prior  to  publication.  mqtt  within  tcp/ip  communication  protocols  stack.  in  the  above  tcp/ip  communication  protocols  stack  ,  the  mqtt  is  an  application  layer  protocol  and  it  does  not  provide  security  by
__label__environmentmonitoring design  or  by  default.  indeed,  mqtt  has  a  qos  quality  of  service  mechanism  but  this  does  not  replace  the  lack  of  the  security.  developed  in  1999  by  andy  stanfordclark  ibm  and  arlen  nipper  arcom,  it  was  designed  to  be  an  extremely  simple  and  easy  protocol  designed  for  devices  with  limited  resources,  low  bandwidth,  high  latency,  or  unstable  internet  connection.  the  previous  principles  prove  that  this  protocol  is  ideal  for  the  machinetomachine  m2m  and  internet  of  things  iot  domains,  where  a  small  footprint  is  needed.  the  mqtt  protocol  has  ports  1883  and  8883  mqtt  over  ssl  reserved  by  internet  assigned  numbers
__label__environmentmonitoring authority  iana.  since  march  2013,  mqtt  has  been  standardized  at  oasis  organization  for  the  advancement  of  structured  information  standards  and  after  the  protocol  specification  was  published  ,  companies,  like  eurotech  formerly  known  as  arcom,  have  implemented  the  protocol  in  their  products.  since  2016,  mqtt  has  become  an  iso  standard  iso/iec  20922.  the  publishsubscribe  paradigm  is  a  messaging  model  in  which  publishers  publish  messages  that  can  be  received  by  a  subset  or  the  entire  subscribers  set.  the  mechanism  by  which  subscribers  receive  only  a  subset  of  all  published  messages  is  called  message  filtering.  there  are  two  forms  of  filtering:  topicbased  filtering
__label__environmentmonitoring and  contentbased  filtering:  publishing  subscriptions  are  managed  by  a  broker,  which  carries  out  the  message  filtering.  all  customers  need  to  establish  a  connection  with  the  broker.  the  client  who  publishes  a  broker  message  is  called  a  publisher.  the  broker  filters  messages  and  distributes  them  to  interested  customers  to  receive  a  specific  type  of  message.  customers  who  subscribe  to  the  broker  to  receive  messages  are  called  subscribers.  an  advantage  of  the  publishsubscribe  model  is  the  loose  coupling  of  subscribers.  publishers  do  not  need  to  know  of  the  existence  of  subscribers.  their  main  purpose  is  to  publish  a  message  to  a  particular
__label__environmentmonitoring topic.  after  the  broker  has  been  configured,  the  mqtt  client  on  the  iot  edge  devices  may  run  the  mqtt  client  applications.  when  starting  the  application,  an  mqtt  client  is  initialized  to  subscribe  to  the  broker  hosted  on  the  amazon  ec2  instance  at  the  following  topics:  /stations  and  /stations/macaddress,  where  macaddress  is  the  mac  address  of  the  network  card  of  the  iot  gateway  development  board  e.g.,  for  proof  of  concepts,  raspberry  pi  or  nitrogen  imx6.  subscribing  to  these  topics  is  done  to  change  the  remote  station  configuration.  all  stations  available  on  the  platform  can  be  modified  by  publishing  a  configuration  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  topic  /stations  or  only  a  specific  station  can  be  modified  by  publishing  a  configuration  on  /stations  subtopic  defined  by  the  mac  address  of  the  board.  for  implementation  of  the  message  processing,  the  authors  have  defined  a  mqttclient  class  that  contains  a  mqtt  paho  clientby  eclipseand  implements  the  mqttcallback  interface.  this  interface  defines  the  messagearrived  method  ,  in  which  the  current  configuration  of  the  station  is  updated.  mqtt  messagearrived  method  implementation.  in  the  above  method  ,  the  messagearrived  method  is  called  by  the  paho  mqtt  library  within  the  jvm  java  virtual  machine  with  two  parameters:  the  topic  name  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring message.  the  received  message  is  encapsulated  within  the  gson  object  and  then  the  station  configuration  is  modified  by  a  new  thread  within  jvm.  any  occurrence  of  an  exception  is  captured  by  the  java  trycatch  mechanism.  restful  services  are  implemented  through  the  classes:  probecontroller,  stationscontroller,  and  userscontroller.  they  are  annotated  with  restcontroller  and  requestmapping  specifying  the  uri  of  the  resource.  adding  a  polluting  sample  is  done  through  a  post  http  request  to  /api/probes.  post  probe  endpoint.  the  post  http  request  must  contain  a  requestbody  in  which  the  entity  is  defined  in  json  format.  if  the  request  does  not  contain  a  valid
__label__environmentmonitoring body,  the  client  receives  an  http  400a  bad  request  error.  the  iotp4mscp  solutions  frontend  component  is  a  singlepage  application  spa  built  into  the  angular  5.2based  framework  and  the  angular  material  libraryused  to  use  predefined  components,  such  as  dialog  windows,  buttons,  and  tables.  the  project  was  created  using  the  command  line  interface  cli,  which  facilitates  the  generation  of  components,  services,  and  modules.  the  user  interface  includes  the  following  sections:  user  areaincludes  authentication,  account  creation  and  profile  modification,  and  station  areafetches  information  about  iot  gateway  stations,  adding/configuring/deleting  them,  and  the  pollution  sample  area,  where  detailed  reports  are  presented  based  on  recorded  samples
__label__environmentmonitoring .  users  interface  of  the  frontend  component.  in  ,  for  each  device,  a  list  of  devices  from  the  iot  solution  is  shown.  adding  and  configuring  devices  is  straightforward.  the  user  experience  is  enhanced  with  the  dashboards,  such  as  in  and  .  stationslist  component.  management  operation:  add  a  station.  add  a  new  station  mac  address;  add  a  new  station  details.  the  stations  component  is  responsible  for  interacting  with  the  raspberry  pi  pollution  monitoring  stations.  it  contains  the  following  subcomponents:  stationslista  component  that  defines  a  list  of  stations  that  is  displayed  in  a  grid  ,  stationscreatea  component  that  defines  a  dialog  with
__label__environmentmonitoring a  form  to  create  a  new  station,  stationsmapa  component  showing  the  geographic  position  of  each  station  on  the  map,  and  stationsconfiga  component  that  displays  a  dialog  with  the  station  configuration  options.  adding  a  station  is  done  through  the  stationscreate  component  ,  which  includes  a  modal  dialog  with  a  stepper  component  in  the  angular  material  library.  adding  a  station  involves  three  steps:  filling  in  the  station  details  name,  identifier,  filling  the  station  position  latitude,  longitude,  and  confirming  the  entered  data.  upon  the  addition  of  a  station,  a  post  http  request  is  made  to  /api/stations  to  the  solution  backend.  for  the  data
__label__environmentmonitoring presentation  and  analysis,  we  used  the  ng2chart  guidelines  that  are  based  on  the  chart.js  library.  the  dataanalysis  component  injects  the  probes  services  service  through  which  rest  services  are  called  from  the  solutions  backend  component  to  retrieve  the  pollution  samples.  these  are  retrieved  according  to  the  user  defined  parameters:  the  station  for  which  the  display  is  to  be  displayed,  the  parameter  list  for  the  analysis,  the  start  date,  and  the  end  date.  shows  the  realtime  monitoring  of  the  indicators  reported  from  the  iot  gateways  distributed  within  the  city.  real  time  iot  station  monitoring.  since  the  solutions  frontend  component  is  a  singlepage
__label__environmentmonitoring application,  it  is  necessary  to  map  the  requests  from  springboot  to  angular.  for  example,  when  receiving  an  http  get  request  of  the  resource  identified  by  localhost,  8080/dashboard,  the  springboot  framework  looks  for  a  class  controller  that  can  handle  that  request.  therefore,  interpretation  of  the  applications  by  the  p.m.a  frontend  component  is  done  by  redirecting  them  using  the  following  viewcontroller  class  .  viewcontroller  class.  in  ,  the  controller  class  is  responsible  for  creating  objects,  which  handle  the  flow  of  the  http  requests  from  the  web  dashboards,  in  order  to  access  different  representational  state  transfer  rest  resources  or  even  html  webpages.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring first  prototype  implementation  did  not  take  into  account  securityat  least  the  communications  authentication  and  data  confidentialityencryption.  the  next  section  presents  the  mqtt  secure  option,  because  by  design,  mqtt  has  no  security.  the  poc  and  the  proposed  solution  of  the  authors  in  this  paper  has  several  security  challenges  and  areas  of  enhancements  and  merits.  the  first  subsection  of  this  section  highlights  the  security  challenges  while  the  second  subsection  pinpoints  the  merits  and  extensions  of  the  approach.  mqtt  does  not  contain  security  features  builtin  to  the  protocol.  the  reason  is  to  keep  it  simple  and  lightweight.  another  reason  is  related  to  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring hardware.  usually,  the  iot  devices  have  limited  computing  power  and  memory  capacity  .  the  hardware  resources  are  insufficient  for  the  support  of  complex  cryptographic.  another  iot  security  challenge  refers  to  the  reliability  level  of  the  networks  used  to  maintain  the  iot  devices.  a  securityrelated  implementation  exists  within  version  3.1,  where  the  credentials  could  be  sent  through  the  computer  network  in  an  mqtt  packet.  encryption  of  the  mqtt  packets  is  handled  by  ssl/tls  protocol  or  applications  providing  encryption  of  the  data.  the  reserved  tcp/ip  port  for  mqtt  by  using  ssl/tls  communication  is  8883.  the  mqtt  documentation  states  several  security  challenges  that
__label__environmentmonitoring must  be  handled  by  the  solution  providers.  those  solution  implementations  must  include  mechanisms  for  authentication,  authorization,  integrity,  and  privacy.  guidelines  to  deploy  an  mqtt  solution  consistent  with  nist  framework  for  improving  critical  infrastructure  cybersecurity  are  provided  by  .  the  nist  cybersecurity  framework  provides  specifications  and  mechanisms  for  organizations  to  identify  the  possible  improvements  of  cybersecurity  risk  management.  in  the  context  of  mqtt,  this  framework  is  called  the  mqtt  cybersecurity  framework.  the  core  functions  of  the  mqtt  cybersecurity  framework  are  used  to  make  assessments  of  the  cybersecurity  level  for  the  organization  that  uses  a  deployed  mqtt  solution.  the  core  functions  target
__label__environmentmonitoring the  following  aspects  :  identificationestablishes  what  are  the  systems,  assets,  data,  and  capabilities  that  need  to  be  protected  in  the  context  of  the  mqtt  solution  exploitation.  also,  prioritization  and  processes  to  achieve  the  risk  management  goals  must  be  established.  protectiondevelops  and  implements  the  right  measures  to  protect  or  prevent  undesirable  actions  over  the  mqtt  related  items  identified  by  the  previous  function.  detectiondevelops  and  implements  the  right  measures  for  mqtt  cybersecurity  event  occurrences.  responseestablishes  the  appropriate  counter  measures  when  a  mqtt  cybersecurity  event  occurred.  recoveraims  for  the  activities  to  restore  the  organization  infrastructure  when  a  mqtt  cybersecurity  event  causes  significant  damages.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  security  levels  supported  by  an  mqtt  solution  are:  networka  trusted  connection  could  be  provided  by  a  physically  secure  network  or  vpn  usage  for  all  communication  within  the  mqtt  infrastructure.  transportencryption  ensured  by  ssl/tls  protocols.  identity  of  both  sides  of  the  communication  is  proofed  by  the  secure  transport  protocol  implementation.  applicationauthentication  of  the  devices  is  ensured  by  username/password  credentials  provided  by  the  mqtt  protocol.  also,  encryption  of  the  payload  is  possible,  but  this  is  constrained  by  the  hardware  specifications  of  the  iot  clients.  even  though  ssl/tls  usage  introduces  overheads  in  network  communication  and  asks  for  more  cpu  on  the  client
__label__environmentmonitoring side,  transportlevel  encryption  is  critical  to  protect  communication  within  the  mqtt  infrastructure.  when  the  transportlevel  encryption  is  not  feasible  due  to  constrained  devices,  the  alternative  approach  is  to  at  least  encrypt  the  payload  of  several  packet  types  .  beside  the  payload  encryption,  a  stamp  attached  to  the  packet  publish  could  be  used.  the  format  of  the  stamp  could  be  a  digital  signature,  message  authentication  code,  checksum,  or  hash  algorithm.  a  different  aspect  of  the  ssl/tls  usage  is  to  validate  the  x.509  certificate  on  the  client  side  to  prevent  several  types  of  attacks  over  the  secure  connection.  the  x.509  certificate  is
__label__environmentmonitoring provided  by  the  mqtt  broker.  the  recommendation  is  to  use  x.509  certificates  from  trusted  cas.  by  using  the  x.509  client  certificate,  security  improvements  are  added  to  the  mqtt  infrastructure  ,  such  as:  identity  of  the  mqtt  clients  is  validated.  mqtt  clients  are  authenticated  at  the  transport  level.  some  measures  as  responses  to  the  mqtt  cybersecurity  event  take  place  e.g.,  lock  client  before  the  packet  connect  is  sent.  in  addition  to  ssl/tls  usages,  the  following  security  mechanism  could  be  used:  payload  encryption  and  signature,  and  authorization  mechanisms  to  limit  the  client  access  to  the  mqtt  infrastructure  resources.  in  mqtt,  authentication  with
__label__environmentmonitoring a  username/password  is  provided  by  the  control  packet  called  connect  ,  ,  .  the  presence  of  the  connect  credentials  within  the  control  packet  connect  is  signaled  by  the  connect  flags  section  of  the  packet,  .  connect  flags  section.  in  ,  for  both  credentials  flags,  the  value  0  means  not  present.  password  flag  is  dependent  on  the  user  name  flag  being  0  and  mandatory  if  the  user  name  flag  is  set  to  0.  the  mqtt  username/password  credentials  are  stored  in  the  plain  within  the  payload  if  the  flags  are  set  in  the  header  side  of  the  mqtt  packet  ,  .  if
__label__environmentmonitoring the  user  name  is  set  to  1,  then  an  utf8encoded  string  is  stored  within  the  payload.  if  the  password  flag  is  set  to  1,  then  a  field  containing  up  to  65,535  bytes  is  stored  as  a  password  within  the  payload  section.  as  a  result  of  processing  the  packet  connect  with  the  username/password  credentials,  the  server  is  able  to  perform  authentication  and  authorization  of  the  device  to  access  resources  within  the  mqttdeployed  solution.  in  addition  to  username/password  credentials,  mqtt  clients  could  provide  different  items  to  the  server  in  order  to  perform  authentication,  like  a  client  identifier  or  x.509  certificate.  on  the
__label__environmentmonitoring other  hand,  the  username/password  credentials  could  be  used  to  implement  oauth  2.0.  this  open  protocol  is  used  to  allow  a  secured  authorization  of  the  client  to  the  mqtt  infrastructure  resources  based  on  tokens.  an  mqtt  client  is  able  to  connect  to  a  certain  broker  or  to  publish  or  subscribe  with  an  access  token.  beside  the  mqtt  protocol  specification,  additional  guidance  related  to  secure  mqtt  solution  implementation  could  be  found  on  the  owasp  platform  .  the  solution  approach  has  several  areas  of  merits  in  terms  of  scalability,  reliability,  security,  and  ha  high  availability.  the  merits  of  the  approach  presented  in  this
__label__environmentmonitoring paper  are  the  following:  easy  integration  of  vehicles  traffic  management  system  e.g.,  traffic  lights,  with  the  authors  proposed  solution  of  api  as  a  pluggable  component.  these  apis  are  easy  to  be  exposed  to  any  traffic  management  system  in  order  to  create  dynamically  different  routes  in  order  to  avoid  vehicle  congestion.  the  design  of  the  architecture  is  suitable  for  a  scalable  extension  and  ha  system  implementation.  the  architecture  and  infrastructure  used  for  pollution  indicators  date  collection  within  an  iot  smart  city  solution  presents  scalability  because  it  combines  with  asynchronous  message  processing  messagesoriented  middleware  mom/mqtt  brokers  with  iot  clouds  and  nosql  databases
__label__environmentmonitoring for  fast  data  insertions  and  potential  extensions  with  big  data  processing  from  related  databases.  the  deployed  iot  gateway  software  is  developed  mainly  in  cross  platform  software  development  technologies,  e.g.,  mainly  in  java  and  some  optional  modules  with  nodered/node.js,  and  the  software  is  portable  and  compliant  with  different  development  boards/mcus,  e.g.,  imx  nitrogen,  raspberry  pi,  etc.,  and  industrial  iot  gateways,  including  eurotech,  hms  netbiter,  dell,  etc.  the  design  of  the  iot  architecture  for  collecting  pollution  indicators  within  a  smart  city  uses  the  best  practices  in  the  software  development  field.  security  of  the  mqtt  communication  protocol  implementation  for  the  collected  data  represents
__label__environmentmonitoring a  valuable  feature,  because  if  the  data  is  altered  by  a  malicious  attackers  vectors  from  the  iot  edge  devices  to  the  iot  cloud  backend  services,  then  the  realtime  decisions  of  traffic  management  can  be  dramatically  affected  and  cause  massive  congestions.  for  humanmachineinterface  hmi  related  with  the  mobile,  devices  fingerprinting  is  used  .  the  proposed  solution  can  be  enhanced  in  several  areas  from  the  data  interpretation  and  systems  integrations  to  cybersecurity.  some  of  the  mentioned  ideas  are  detailed  as  future  work  in  the  next  section.  after  the  data  is  collected  from  the  sensors,  the  data  interpretation  process  begins.  for  the  moment,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  data  interpretation  is  a  subject  of  improvement  and  needs  to  be  enhanced  with  multiple  features.  as  an  example,  we  have  a  few  values  in  showing  the  pollution  sample  rates  stored  from  april  2018,  and  in  ,  from  december  2018,  in  a  major  citybucharest,  romania,  european  union.  few  partial  sample  data  collected  from  bucharest  on  23  april  2018.  few  partial  sample  data  collected  from  bucharest  on  6  december  2018.  and  show  partial  data  collected  from  iot  gateways  deployed  within  the  city  and  emphasizes  according  to  the  table  head  the  following  information:  the  station  identification  mac  address  and  the  deployment  location;
__label__environmentmonitoring the  collected  datatemperature,  humidity,  pressure,  altitude,  co  ,  nh  ,  ch  ,  co,  toluene,  wifi,  and  noise  decibels;  and  the  datetime  of  the  collected  data.  the  authors  have  the  full  database  with  the  pollution  values  from  different  places  of  bucharest  in  2018  and  they  considered  the  who  database  format  for  reporting  directly  to  world  health  organization.  meanwhile,  in  the  same  area  and  in  the  same  indicators  comparing  the  carbonmonoxide  and  carbon  dioxide  from  the  same  stations  in  april  and  in  december  2018,  it  can  be  observed  that  the  pollution  in  december  2018  is  higher  than  in  april  2018,  because  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  following:  seasonal  influence  on  the  cold  weather  outside  and  shopping  periods  for  christmas,  road  traffic  but  also  thermocentral  consumption  of  gas  for  heating  households.  also,  in  2018,  the  transit  pipes  for  hot  water  from  the  city  were  more  damaged  than  in  2016  and  this  cannot  be  done  without  investments.  regulations  and  laws  changesin  2018,  it  was  much  easier  to  bring  very  old  carstaxes  were  lowerthat  produce  higher  pollution  than  in  2016  to  2017.  the  number  of  powerful  wifi  routers  increased  in  2018  compared  with  2017  and  also  the  decibels  produced  as  noise  pollution  by  wifi  access  points.  price  of
__label__environmentmonitoring gas  within  gas  distributors  chains/stations  influenced  the  traffic.  other  factors  that  may  influence  the  pollution  but  for  which  a  direct  relation  cannot  be  confirmed  covariance  between  the  factor  and  the  pollution  level.  shows,  for  instance,  various  areas  from  bucharest  with  the  pollution  indicators  including  the  decibels  generated  by  the  noise  and  wifi  networks  in  an  analytical  comparison  between  23  april  2018  and  6  december  2018.  few  partial  sample  data  collected  from  bucharest  on  6  december  2018.  the  authors  enhanced  the  solution  in  several  areas.  data  interpretation  and  analytics  is  one  of  the  first  focuses  as  it  proves  the  correlation  between
__label__environmentmonitoring different  factors.  the  current  interpretation  is  based  on  the  statistical  and  business  intelligence  algorithms,  without  involving  predictive  analytics,  such  as  symbolic  aggregate  approximation  sax  ,  ,  or  more  elaborate  artificial  intelligence/datamining  ai  algorithms.  also,  big  data  technologies,  such  as  in  and  apache  spark  platform,  may  be  used  as  alternative  to  the  sax  in  order  to  produce  consistent  interpretation  regarding  the  collected  data.  the  pollution  information  was  summarized  in  various  diagrams/dashboards/maps,  such  as  the  one  from  .  the  second  area  of  improvement  is  the  iot  edge  devices  replacement  with  ip67  outdoor  resistant  devices  for  all  three  layers:  sensors,  iot  nodes,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  gateways.  additionally,  the  ratio  between  the  number  of  gateways  and  sensors  needs  to  be  adjusted  when  more  nodes  with  a  relatively  low  cost  but  good  battery  life  and  communication  features  appear.  the  sensors  types  and  calibrations  can  also  be  enhanced,  as  for  the  poc,  the  authors  did  not  use  professional  sensors  from  the  market.  the  cybersecurity  can  be  optimized.  the  authors  focused  on  the  security  of  communications  between  the  iot  gateways  and  clouds,  but  there  is  room  for  more.  by  using  java  card  3.1  technology  within  different  form  factors  integrated  secure  element  ise,  embedded  secure  element  ese,  etc.,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring authors  are  targeting  not  only  to  ensure  the  security  of  the  endtoend  communications  from  sensors  to  cloud,  but  also  to  improve  the  node/gateway  security,  by  running  sensitive  and  computational  cryptographic  code  on  the  temper  resistant  secure  element  with  java  card  3.1  .  the  authors  also  targeted  the  use  of  calibrated  highquality  sensors  and  interface  implementation  for  reporting  data  directly  to  the  world  health  organization,  in  order  to  maintain  the  quality  of  data  for  future  work.  as  future  work,  the  authors  will  target  a  case  study  for  applying  the  poc  with  enhancements  in  different  medium  cities  in  cooperation  with  the  local
__label__environmentmonitoring authorities  to  see  the  traffic  impact  simulations  and  the  integration  with  other  smart  city  systems,  because  existing  projects,  such  as  airvisual  ,  are  limited.  the  airvisual  project  is  limited  only  to  monitoring  the  who  pm2.5  fine  particulate  matter  and  it  does  not  further  analyze  harmful  particles  impact  on  human  health.  in  ,  one  may  observe  the  top  of  the  polluted  cities  in  romania  in  2018.  top  polluted  cities  in  romania  in  2018  in  terms  of  pm2.5  according  to  the  airvisual  project.  in  ,  bucharest  is  in  fourth  place  of  the  most  polluted  cities  from  romania  according  with  iqair  airvisual  platform,
__label__environmentmonitoring where  the  average  pm2.5  particulate  matter  less  than  2.5  microns  in  diameter  is  20.3  and  the  worst  months  in  terms  of  pollution  are  january  and  december,  with  pm2.5  values  of  26.1  and  27.7,  respectively.  in  conclusion,  car  and  transportation  traffic  is  only  a  part  of  the  problem,  because  industry  development,  house/apartments  hvac  heat,  ventilation,  airconditioning  solutions,  waste  management,  and  recycling  mechanisms  must  be  improved  as  well.  the  authors  focused  on  the  bucharest  traffic  congestion  as  according  to  the  tomtom  index  in  2018,  the  city  was  reported  as  being  in  first  place,  with  the  biggest  value  regarding  traffic  congestion  and  in
__label__environmentmonitoring to/11  place  worldwide  after  mumbai,  bogota,  moscow,  istanbul,  and  other  major  cities.  the  congestion  level  in  2018  according  to  was  48,  with  a  1  improvement  on  2017,  and  with  the  best  day  on  sunday,  8  april  and  the  worst  day  on  wednesday,  5  december.  the  proposed  approach  of  the  authors  is  pluggable  in  terms  of  the  integration  with  traffic  management  systems  of  smart  cities.  it  can  dynamically  determine,  by  making  use  of  drivers  smartphone  applications  and  of  traffic  light  management,  routes  which  diminish  congestion  and  help  in  avoiding  polluted  areas.  c.t.overall  conceptualization;  investigation,  methodology,  resources,  software  and  writingoriginal  draft  for
__label__environmentmonitoring ;  a.a.  and  m.p.investigation;  methodology,  resources;  software  development  mainly  a.a.,  experiments  and  analysis  of  results;  a.z.methodology,  introduction  and  conclusions;  writingoriginal  draft  preparation;  writingreview  and  editing.  this  paper  presents  results  obtained  within  the  pniiip11.2pccdi20170272  atlas  project  hub  inovativ  pentru  tehnologii  avansate  de  securitate  cibernetic/innovative  hub  for  advanced  cyber  security  technologies,  financed  by  uefiscdi  through  the  pn  iiidezvoltarea  sistemului  national  de  cercetaredezvoltare,  pniiip11.2pccdi20171  program.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest
__label__environmentmonitoring waviot  longrange  solution  for  airquality  monitoring  allows  deploying  integrated  sensors  in  widearea  of  the  entire  city  with  lowcost  iot  network  infrastructure.  all  sensor  data  aggregatedin  iot  cloud  as  soon  as  sensors  installed.  different  types  of  distributed  wireless  sensors  capture  and  transmit  data  on  air  temperature,  pressure,  humidity  etc  via  longrange  nbfi  network.  opened  api  allows  providing  sensors  information  to  the  3rd  party  applications.  thousand  different  type  sensors  can  work  in  one  lpwa  network  saving  costs  on  infrastructure  and  maintenance.  the  following  remote  sensors  can  be  easily  connected  to  the  wireless  longrange  network:  the  smart  sensors  transmit  a  small  amount  of
__label__environmentmonitoring data  but  required  high  autonomy.  network  include  thousands  of  monitoring  appliances  within  the  entire  city.  having  a  longrange  connectivity  with  outstanding  scalability  waviot  solution  is  ideal  for  the  city  air  quality  monitoring.  the  base  station  designed  for  rollingout  longrange  iot  network  in  the  urban  and  rural  environment.  featured  with  whip  antenna  and  fullduplex  connectivity  for  bidirectional  communication.  covering  800  sq.  km  area  and  aggregatingthe  data  from  2  000  000  smart  devices  and  sensors.  or  tell  us  about  your  needs  copyright  2010  2018  for  information  and  content  in  this  website.
__label__environmentmonitoring indoor  air  quality  monitoring  iaq  is  carried  out  to  assess  the  extent  of  pollution,  ensure  compliance  with  national  or  local  legislation,  evaluate  pollution  control  options,  and  provide  data  for  air  quality  modeling.  it  is  particularly  important  in  chemical  plants,  mines,  andother  facilities  with  potentially  harmful  concentrations  of  pollutants.  the  central  objective  is  to  ensure  that  the  location  is  safe  for  individuals.  as  the  burden  of  air  quality  regulation  shifts  from  publiclyfunded  monitoring  to  industryfunded  monitoring,  businesses  have  begun  to  invest  more  heavily  intheir  own  air  quality  monitoring  equipment  and  processes.  the  global  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  market  is  expected  to
__label__environmentmonitoring grow  from  usd  2.5billion  in  2015  to  usd  4.6billion  by  2022,  at  a  cagr  of  9.22  between  2016  and  2022.  source:  the  global  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  market  is  projected  to  reach  usd  4.7billion  by  2024  at  a  cagr  of  over  9.  source:  indoor  air  quality  has  a  significant  impact  on  productivity,  health  and  theirgeneral  sense  of  wellbeing.  a  widerange  of  studies  demonstrates  the  influence  of  ambient  air  pollution  indicators  such  as  temperature,  humidity  and  co2  levelson  employees.  the  concept  of  human  wellbeing  is  critically  important  but  can  be  too  vague  to  guide  investment  decisions  in  new  monitoring  and  mitigation
__label__environmentmonitoring systems.  however,  wellbeing  can  be  quantified  to  estimate  business  value  and  guide  investment  decisions  by  focusing  on  several  measurable  indicators:  employee  healthcare  insurance  costs,  the  frequency  of  sick  days,  worker  productivity,  and  employee  turnover.  applications  differ  across  facilities.  for  example,  the  applications  relevant  to  a  chemical  factory  will  differ  from  those  relevant  to  a  hospital.  however,  several  applications  are  typical  across  a  wide  range  of  facilities.  indoor  air  quality  is  not  easily  defined.  it  is  a  constantly  changing  interaction  of  operational  and  environmental  factors  that  impact  the  types,  levels,and  importance  of  pollutants  in  indoor  environments.  these  factors  include  the  sources
__label__environmentmonitoring of  pollutants,  system  design,  ventilation  system  maintenance  and  operation,  and  temperature  and  humidity  in  the  external  environment.  in  addition,  there  are  many  other  factors  that  affect  the  perception  of  indoor  air  quality.  controlling  indoor  air  quality  involves  integrating  three  main  strategies:  iaq  sensors  workby  detecting  volatile  organic  compounds  vocs  and  odors.  by  measuring  the  total  volatile  organic  compounds  tvoc  and  applying  it  to  a  rating  scale,  these  sensors  provide  the  data  needed  by  connected  systems  to  track,  analyze,  andclean  air  in  the  ambient  environment.  the  sensor  chips  are  typically  just  a  few  millimeters  in  width,  and  can  easily  fit  within
__label__environmentmonitoring the  existing  electronics  of  exhaust  fans,  air  filtration  systems,  and  hvac  heating,  ventilation,  and  air  conditioning  systems.  they  can  also  be  installed  externally  in  brownfield  environments.  iaq  data  comes  from  indoor  air  quality  sensors  iaq  sensorswhich  aredevices  that  measure  the  air  quality  within  and  around  facilities  as  it  relates  to  the  health  of  facility  occupants.  iaq  sensorsare  used  to  obtain  the  following  data:  realtime  data  can  be  analyzed  against  historical  data,  defined  thresholds,  orsimulation  data  to  guide  management  decision  making  or  totrigger  automated  actions  such  as  alarms,  hvac  system  controls,  or  equipment  shutdown.  for  example,  in  a  minealerts  can  be
__label__environmentmonitoring generated  when  defined  thresholds  are  exceeded  in  order  to  advise  workers  to  put  on  masks  in  the  case  of  a  gas  leak.  there  are  two  main  methods  for  assessing  the  quality  of  indoor  air:  realtime  monitoring  is  increasing  in  prevalencedue  to  thereduction  in  sensor  and  connectivity  costs.  regardless  of  the  method,  the  accuracy  of  the  data  depends  onthe  proper  operation  of  sensors  and/or  handling  of  the  samples.  strict  quality  assurance  procedures  such  as  equipment  calibrationand  operation  in  accordance  with  manufacturerinstructions  is  necessaryto  maintain  the  reliability  of  the  system.  indoor  air  quality  in  industrial  facilities  isincreasingly  important  due  to  both  regulation
__label__environmentmonitoring and  employee  expectations.  as  a  result,  organizations  seek  to  meet  specific  standards  such  as  those  set  bywell  building  institute,  ashrae,  ohsa,  leed  and  reset.  identifying  the  right  standards  and  demonstrating  adherence  can  be  a  challenge  in  geographies  and  industries  where  regulations  are  unclear,  or  where  employee  expectations  are  the  primary  driving  motivation.  hvac  systems  as  a  categoryincludeall  of  the  equipment  used  to  ventilate,  heat  and  cool  the  building,  to  move  the  air  around  the  building  ductwork,  and  to  filter  and  clean  the  air.  these  systems  can  have  a  significant  impact  on  how  pollutants  are  distributed  and  removed  from  a  facility.
__label__environmentmonitoring brought  to  you  by  this  paper  presents  an  experimental  study  on  realtime  air  pollution  monitoring  using  wireless  sensors  on  public  transport  vehicles.  the  study  is  part  of  the  greeniot  project  in  sweden,  which  utilizes  internetofthings  to  measure  air  pollution  level  in  the  city  center  of  uppsala.  through  deploying  lowcost  wireless  sensors,  it  is  possible  to  obtain  more  finegrained  and  realtime  air  pollution  levels  at  different  locations.  the  sensors  on  public  transport  vehicles  complement  the  readings  from  stationary  sensors  and  the  only  ground  level  monitoring  station  in  uppsala.  the  paper  describes  the  deployment  of  wireless  sensors  on  uppsala  buses  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring integration  of  the  mobile  sensor  network  with  the  greeniot  testbed.  extensive  experiments  have  been  conducted  to  evaluate  the  communication  quality  and  data  quality  of  the  system.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__environmentmonitoring cyprinus  carpio  clear  clear  search  menu  addcircleoutline  removecircleoutline  share  announcement  textsms  find  support  for  a  specific  problem  on  the  support  section  of  our  website.  please  let  us  know  what  you  think  of  our  products  and  services.  our  dedicated  information  section  provides  allows  you  to  learn  more  about  mdpi.  clear  appl.  sci.  2019  ,  9  9,1831;  :  2016  2014  2018  2016  2013  2015  2013  2017  2016  2016  2017  2018  2017  2015  2015  2016  2015  2015  2015  2007  2015  2015  2015  2014  2006  2017  1991  2001  1999  2000  2015  figure  1.  figure  1.  figure  2.  figure  2.  figure  3.  figure  3.  figure
__label__environmentmonitoring 4.  figure  4.  figure  5.  figure  5.  figure  6.  a  b  figure  6.  a  b  figure  7.  a  b  c  d  e  f  figure  7.  a  b  c  d  e  f  figure  8.  a  b  c  d  e  f  figure  8.  a  b  c  d  e  f  figure  9.  figure  9.  figure  10.  figure  10.  figure  11.  a  b  c  d  e  f  figure  11.  a  b  c  d  e  f  figure  12.  figure  12.  table  1.  table  1.  table  2.  table  2.  table  3.  table  3.  subscribe  to  receive  issue  release  notifications  and  newsletters  from  mdpi  journals  clear
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  in  with  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring we  cannot  erase  the  air  sound  pollution  in  a  snap  of  the  fingers,  but  we  can  use  equipment  to  hedge  it.  therefore,  we  thought  about  collecting  related  data  in  a  proficient  way  and  use  it  to  make  citizens  life  healthier.  we  plan  to  map  city  areas  with  noise  and  air  sensors  in  order  to  provide  the  healthiest  path  to  runners,  walkers,  etc.  figure  1  explains  the  services  cover  by  our  solution  while  the  figure  2  explains  the  cost  and  the  pricing.  in  the  following,  we  explain  how  we  designed  our  solution  and  why  it  should  win.  we  chose  to  build
__label__environmentmonitoring our  own  lora  sensor  from  scratch  thanks  to  a  lora  library  on  arduino  uno.  thus  the  implementation  will  be  faster  and  cheaper.  we  chose  to  use  the  rfm95  lora  module,  compatible  with  arduino  uno,  which  is  used  in  the  case  of  monitoring.  there  are  different  air  pollution  indexes  aqi  for  us,  caqi  for  europe,  api  for  malaysia.  we  chose  6  kinds  of  sensors  that  could  help  us  to  evaluate  the  air  pollution  index  through  6  gases  which  are  co,  o3,  pm2.5,  pm10,  no2,  and  so2,  with  respectively  mq9,  mq131,  dsm501a,  gp2y1010auf,  mics2714  and  3spso220  sensors.  for  each  measure,  it  will
__label__environmentmonitoring transmit  for  each  gas:  concentration,  air  pollution  index  the  total  air  pollution  index.  sound  pollution  in  outdoor  requires  a  sensor  that  can  detect  a  large  range  of  sound,  from  30  to  130db.  we  chose  the  gravity  analog  sound  level  meter  because  it  is  a  sensor  module  specified  for  outdoor  sound  measurements  with  a  high  precision  of  measures.  about  the  physical  protection  of  the  device  which  is  exposed  in  an  urban  environment,  we  chose  to  design  a  custom  housing  with  a  3d  printer.  for  the  physical  layer,  we  chose  to  use  lora  which  is  an  lpwan  technology  well  suited  for  monitoring.
__label__environmentmonitoring it  has  a  high  link  budget  of  154db  which  assures  lora  indoor  and  deep  indoor  penetration.  lora  in  an  urban  city  should  be  able  to  cover  1km2  even  taking  into  consideration  all  radio  effects  shadowing,  fading,  ....  the  power  used  will  be  minimized  as  the  area  is  relatively  small  in  comparison  with  the  lora  coverage.  this  is  due  to  the  use  of  the  lowest  modulation  scheme  sf7  or  sf6  according  to  region  for  short  range  coverage.  we  can  thus  ensure  a  device  battery  life  between  5  and  10  years.  lora  gateway  can  serve  a  maximum  of  1000  objects.  we  chose
__label__environmentmonitoring to  use  50  to  not  overload  the  station  and  avoid  interferences  of  devices  between  each  other.  besides,  we  dont  need  to  pay  the  frequency  we  will  use,  as  lora  is  on  an  unlicensed  band.  we  only  need  to  pay  the  lora  module  for  transmitting  data.  however,  all  device  should  respect  a  duty  cycle  of  the  band,  which  limits  the  number  of  messages  we  can  transmit.  assuming  the  lowest  power  modulation  scheme  sf7  and  maximum  payload  size,  on  868  mhz  with  a  duty  cycle  of  1,  you  need  to  wait  10  seconds  before  transmitting  again.  you  can  transmit  at  most  around
__label__environmentmonitoring 8500  messages  a  day.  the  same  reasoning  can  be  done  with  other  frequencies.  for  the  upper  layers,  we  chose  to  use  the  open  standard  lorawan  network  which  is  based  on  lora.  we  can  create  our  own  private  network  based  on  opensource  code.  therefore  only  the  data  of  our  devices  will  be  transmitted  through  our  gateway  instead  of  using  a  public  lorawan  network  as  ttns  one  where  you  need  to  deal  with  others  data.  it  also  allows  us  to  cut  from  network  cost  operator  for  lorawan  network.  using  lorawan,  the  network  architecture  is  star  topology  cf  figure3.  we  can  place  the
__label__environmentmonitoring gateway  on  a  rooftop  so  that  it  can  avoid  some  interferences  from  the  building  itself  and  we  can  connect  it  to  ethernet  easily.  we  also  chose  an  omnidirectional  antenna  in  order  to  reach  the  same  coverage  in  every  direction.  sensors  can  thus  be  uniformly  distributed  in  the  area  we  cover.  we  chose  to  put  at  the  same  place  one  air  pollution  sensor  and  one  sound  sensor.  about  the  backend,  we  chose  azure  because  is  affordable  and  has  several  projects  powered  with  lora.  we  will  use  50  air  pollution  sensors  and  50  sound  pollution  sensors  to  cover  1km2  area.  using  the
__label__environmentmonitoring free  azure  plan,  with  a  limitation  of  8000  messages  per  day,  each  device  can  send  160  messages  per  day,  which  correspond  to  one  message  every  9  minutes.  we  provide  a  welldocumented  api  to  fetch  the  data,  which  make  super  easy  to  build  applications  on  top  of  it.  our  solution  brings  reporting  and  monitoring  of  pollution  and  noise  across  wide  urban  areas.  these  highquality  data  are  used  for  an  application  that  can  help  every  person  to  prevent  himself  from  air  and  sound  pollution.  it  can  also  be  useful  for  actors  improving  citizens  life  with  smart  city  projects.  the  second  illustration  highlights
__label__environmentmonitoring the  services  covered  by  our  solution.  we  have  an  optimal  configuration  to  use  lora,  which  provides  long  battery  life  and  our  solution  permits  highfrequency  measurements  with  large  coverage  and  is  easily  scalable.  although  paris  is  not  a  top  10  most  polluted  city  in  the  world,  it  happens  to  have  high  pollution  days,  and  constant  noise  areas.  both  of  us  really  like  to  run,  but  sometimes  we  cant  because  of  pollution.  when  we  heard  about  this  challenge,  we  instantly  thought  about  the  opportunity  of  helping  the  life  of  everyone  who  wants  to  enjoy  the  urban  life  as  much  as  still  staying
__label__environmentmonitoring healthy.  we  then  thought  of  a  map  helping  runners  to  choose  the  healthier  path.  we  also  realize  we  can  extend  the  idea  to  every  people  in  the  city  because  a  lot  of  them  are  walking  to  reach  public  transports  or  to  go  directly  to  their  job.building  the  map  idea,  we  thought  about  the  architecture  and  then  we  got  the  second  idea:  using  the  collected  data  to  provide  another  service.  we  have  a  huge  mapping  coverage  solution  with  lorawan  and  processing  data  on  server  side  to  assure  quality.  these  are  the  two  mandatory  keys  to  start  opening  the  api.  our  main
__label__environmentmonitoring motivation  for  doing  this  project  is  coming  from  our  passion  for  iot.  we  are  two  students  working  in  it,  one  in  iot  and  the  other  one  in  cybersecurity.we  strongly  believe  in  lora  technology  and  in  particular  lorawan  which  is  open  source.  people  sharing  knowledge  can  help  to  build  a  better  future.  voting  is  closed
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  with  the  swift  growth  in  commerce  and  transportation  in  the  modern  civilization,  much  attention  has  been  paid  to  air  quality  monitoring,  however  existing  monitoring  systems  are  unable  to  provide  sufficient  spatial  and  temporal  resolutions  of  the  data  with  cost  efficient  and  real  time  solutions.  in  this  paper  we  have  investigated  the  issues,  infrastructure,  computational  complexity,  and  procedures  of  designing  and  implementing  realtime  air  quality  monitoring  systems.  to  daze  the  defects  of  the  existing  monitoring  systems  and  to  decrease  the  overall  cost,  this  paper  devised  a  novel  approach  to  implement  the  air  quality
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring  system,  employing  the  edgecomputing  based  internetofthings  iot.  in  the  proposed  method,  sensors  gather  the  air  quality  data  in  real  time  and  transmit  it  to  the  edge  computing  device  that  performs  necessary  processing  and  analysis.  the  complete  infrastructure  prototype  for  evaluation  is  developed  over  the  arduino  board  and  ibm  watson  iot  platform.  our  model  is  structured  in  such  a  way  that  it  reduces  the  computational  burden  over  sensing  nodes  reduced  to  70  that  is  battery  powered  and  balanced  it  with  edge  computing  device  that  has  its  local  data  base  and  can  be  powered  up  directly  as  it  is  deployed  indoor.
__label__environmentmonitoring algorithms  were  employed  to  avoid  temporary  errors  in  low  cost  sensor,  and  to  manage  cross  sensitivity  problems.  automatic  calibration  is  set  up  to  ensure  the  accuracy  of  the  sensors  reporting,  hence  achieving  data  accuracy  around  7580  under  different  circumstances.  in  addition,  a  data  transmission  strategy  is  applied  to  minimize  the  redundant  network  traffic  and  power  consumption.  our  model  acquires  a  power  consumption  reduction  up  to  23  with  a  significant  low  cost.  experimental  evaluations  were  performed  under  different  scenarios  to  validate  the  systems  effectiveness.  air  quality  is  one  of  the  key  measures  to  be  closely  observed  in  realtime  for  todays  urban
__label__environmentmonitoring environments,  because  it  has  a  paramount  impact  on  human  health,  safety  and  comfort.  countries  have  established  their  own  structures,  policies  and  standards  to  monitor  air  pollution  and  generate  alerts  for  inhabitants  .  although  this  information  is  restricted  to  outdoor  environments,  most  of  the  measurements  are  static  and  only  obtain  average  values;  however  in  real  time,  air  quality  is  variable  and  may  be  influenced  by  diverse  circumstances  ,  for  example  wind  speed,  population  density,  pollutant  distribution,  and  whether  the  location  is  indoors  or  outdoors.  conventionally,  air  pollution  monitoring  stations  are  large  in  sizes  and  expensive  for  installation  and  maintenance  .  however,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  air  quality  data  generated  by  these  stations  is  very  accurate.  efforts  have  been  made  for  alternative  cost  efficient  solutions.  internetof  things  iot  is  a  novel  technology  which  attracts  attention  from  both  academia  and  industry.  to  overcome  the  flaws  of  current  monitoring  systems  and  their  recognition  methods  and  reduce  the  overall  cost,  this  paper  offers  a  novel  approach  that  combines  the  iot  technology  with  environment  monitoring  ,  ,  .  this  approach  provides  a  low  cost,  accurate,  easy  to  deploy,  scalable  and  user  friendly  system.  this  paper  presents  a  comprehensive  review  of  pollution  monitoring  needs,  existing  monitoring  systems,  their  limitations,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring current  challenges  faced  by  these  monitoring  systems.  we  examine  in  depth  the  issues,  infrastructure,  data  processing,  and  encounters  of  designing  and  deploying  an  integrated  sensing  node  for  observing  indoor/outdoor  air  pollution.  this  project  designed  an  air  monitoring  system  model  utilizing  the  edge  computing  iot  architecture,  assuring  measurement  accuracy  and  power  efficiency  with  minimum  cost.  to  evaluate  the  systems  viability,  a  prototype  was  developed  with  the  arduino  platform  and  experimental  evaluation  has  been  conducted  in  different  sets.  the  rest  of  the  paper  is  organized  as  follows:  the  background  and  previous  research  are  discussed  in  .  describes  the  planned  edge  computing  based
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  architecture.  explains  the  system  implementation.  experimental  evaluation  and  results  are  discussed  in  .  presents  the  conclusion.  with  the  rapid  growth  of  the  industrial  sectors  and  urbanization,  the  environment  becomes  highly  polluted  to  the  level  of  disturbing  the  daily  life  of  the  people.  environmental  pollution  in  the  broad  sense  includes  the  pollution  of  air,  water  and  the  land.  of  all  these  kinds  of  pollution,  air  pollution  occupies  the  most  prominent  place  in  damaging  the  health  of  the  people  ,  .  to  reduce  the  impact  of  air  pollution  on  individuals,  the  global  environment  and  the  global  economy,  great  efforts  have  been
__label__environmentmonitoring made  on  air  monitoring.  air  quality  monitoring  systems  aqms  can  be  categorized  as  the  indoor  and  outdoor  pollution  monitoring  reliant  on  the  place  where  the  event  occurs.  outdoor  air  pollution  refers  to  the  open  and  industrial  environment.  in  contrast,  the  indoor  case  is  the  pollution  of  the  air  in  small  confined  spaces  within  homes,  work  places,  offices  and  closed  areas  like  underground  shopping  centers  and  subways  ,  .  because  of  their  different  environment  and  pollutant  types,  monitoring  systems  for  indoor  and  outdoor  air  have  different  related  requirements  as  described  in  .  pollution  monitoring  systems  and  related  requirements.  as  a  standard
__label__environmentmonitoring of  measurement  of  air  quality,  aqi  is  a  quantitative  depiction  of  the  air  pollution  level.  the  major  pollutants  involved  in  the  analysis  as  described  by  the  environmental  protection  agency  us  include  fine  particulate  matter  pm  ,  inhalable  particles  pm  ,  so  ,  no  ,  o  ,  co.  here  pm  and  pm  are  measured  in  micrograms  per  cubic  meter  g/m  ,  co  in  parts  per  million  ppm,  so  ,  no  ,  and  o  in  parts  per  billion  ppb.  aqi  is  divided  into  six  levels  in  total,  with  green  indicating  the  best  and  maroon  the  worst  case  ,  ,  as  shown  in
__label__environmentmonitoring below.  aqi  levels  according  to  china  and  the  us  environmental  protection  agency.  to  obtain  reliable  and  accurate  data,  conventional  monitoring  systems  use  complex  measurement  algorithms  and  various  supplementary  tools.  as  a  result,  these  apparatuses  are  usually  very  high  in  cost  and  power  consumption,  and  large  in  size  weight.  technical  advancements  resolve  these  issues  to  some  extent,  in  that  low  cost  ambient  sensors  with  a  small  size  and  quick  response  are  easily  available.  however,  they  cannot  achieve  similar  data  precision  levels  as  conventional  monitoring  devices.  research  shows  that  air  monitoring  systems  are  trending  towards  a  new  approach  that  combines  lowcost  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  wireless  sensor  network  wsn  into  one  system  .  low  cost  sensor  based  models  help  investigators  recognize  the  dispersal  of  the  air  pollutants  more  competently  and  precisely.  even  community  users  can  evaluate  their  personal  exposure  to  pollutants  by  means  of  wearable  sensor  nodes  ,  ,  .  there  have  been  numerous  methodologies  for  air  quality  monitoring,  as  reported  in  recent  research.  they  are  mainly  classified  into  two  categories,  i.e.,  stationary  and  mobile  air  monitoring.  depicts  the  categories  of  the  monitoring  system  based  on  deployment  strategies  in  a  hierarchical  manner.  air  monitoring  systems  categories  presented  in  the  recent  literature.  reference  proposes
__label__environmentmonitoring an  internet  of  things  iot  system  that  monitors  air  pollution  in  realtime.  the  authors  use  multiple  gas  sensors,  but  do  not  follow  the  specific  standard  measurement  procedure.  also  there  is  no  proper  architecture  for  system  and  it  lacks  experimental  evaluations.  reference  designed  a  monitoring  system  based  on  the  iot  concept  where  they  monitor  the  environmental  parameters  using  low  cost  sensors  from  mq  series,  there  is  no  data  validation  or  the  sensors  calibration  procedure  that  is  compulsory  in  case  of  low  cost  sensors.  the  system  presented  in  reference  operates  on  an  existing  wifi  network  via  the  mqtt  protocol.  their  intention  was
__label__environmentmonitoring to  monitor  the  indoor  air  quality,  and  the  focus  was  on  a  single  pollutant,  being  pm  control.  reference  aims  to  detect  pm  only  and  notify  the  user  via  email  using  a  low  cost  dust  sensor  and  raspberry  pi  for  data  transmission.  reference  put  their  efforts  into  developing  a  system  to  measure  the  3d  aqi  map.  the  researchers  prototype  a  quad  copter  for  3d  data  collection  and  compare  the  results  with  official  data  and  claim  to  achieve  reasonable  accuracy.  this  design  is  not  cost  efficient  and  the  system  implementation  is  quite  complex.  reference  uses  lte  network  communication  and  iot  concept  for
__label__environmentmonitoring air  pollution  monitoring,  they  does  not  consider  the  limitations  of  the  low  cost  sensors  and  compare  their  results  with  official  data  provided  by  national  ambient  air  quality  monitoring  information  system.  reference  presented  a  mobile  air  quality  monitoring  system  to  attain  a  lowcost  solution.  they  used  a  public  bus  rooftop  as  a  sensor  carrier.  in  case  of  mobile  sensing,  many  considerations  need  to  be  addressed  for  the  sensors  to  work  properly,  as  the  sensors  work  well  in  the  static  form  .  while  the  cost  of  the  system  is  low,  due  to  lack  of  system  design  parameters,  the  data  is  not  very
__label__environmentmonitoring reliable.  references  ,  conducted  a  comprehensive  study  for  sensor  network  establishment  in  pollution  monitoring  systems.  they  analyzed  sensor  node  placement  strategies  and  issues.  this  work  was  evaluated  via  simulations.  most  of  the  existing  systems  discussed  above  place  their  emphasis  only  on  one  or  two  main  pollutants;  if  the  systems  measured  more  pollutants,  then  the  data  processing  capabilities  were  unclear.  while  they  used  low  cost  sensors,  they  lack  a  calibration  mechanism  and  do  not  deal  with  sensor  drift  compensation  issues  other  than  in  the  work  presented  in  reference  .  furthermore,  there  were  no  power  management  strategies  for  these  systems.  presents  the
__label__environmentmonitoring summary  of  recent  efforts  in  the  field  of  air  pollution  monitoring  by  comparing  their  design  strategies,  protocols,  hardware/software  tools  and  costs.  summary  of  the  related  work.  na  not  applicable.  nm  not  mentioned  in  recent  years,  many  advanced  air  quality  monitoring  systems  have  been  proposed,  as  discussed  in  .  there  are  still  various  subjects  that  are  worth  discussing,  a  few  of  them  are  considered  below.  the  cost  of  the  instruments  used  in  conventional  monitoring  systems  is  approx.  90,000  usd  .  a  typical  air  quality  measurement  station  requires  about  200,000  usd  for  construction  and  30,000  usd  per  year  for  maintenance  .  the
__label__environmentmonitoring inclusive  cost  of  the  sensor  network  is  also  highly  reliant  on  the  sensors  category  and  number  of  deployed  nodes.  as  such,  there  is  a  vital  need  to  make  the  system  costefficient.  while  the  expensive  monitoring  stations  are  hard  to  maintain,  the  data  quality  and  precision  is  very  high.  the  systems  with  low  cost  tools  have  poor  accuracy,  so  obtaining  precision  in  these  systems  is  a  major  challenge.  the  majority  of  the  systems  published  in  literature  are  merely  capable  of  monitoring  the  air  quality  of  the  urban  surface  or  roadside,  whereas  the  inevitabilities  and  significance  of  the  3dimensional  air  pollution  statistics
__label__environmentmonitoring are  portrayed  in  reference  .  satellitesbased  3dimensional  monitoring  systems  deal  with  similar  issues  to  conventional  monitoring  systems.  reference  applied  efforts  to  acquire  the  3dimensional  data  in  real  time.  however,  the  system  cost  and  power  consumption  is  very  high.  the  sensing  modules  in  ssn,  vsn  and  asn  systems  update  the  data  periodically  and  are  all  passive  monitoring  systems.  active  monitoring  could  offer  greater  flexibility  and  quality  for  the  service.  literature  studies  realize  that  the  majority  of  the  existing  systems  have  no  ability  to  addon  hardware  software  reconfigurations  that  are  required  when  the  sensing  node  classes  are  revised.  in  practical  scenarios  with
__label__environmentmonitoring largescale  applications,  there  are  huge  numbers  of  sensor  nodes  in  the  system  with  an  addon  ability  that  are  essential  in  this  case.  power  consumption  is  not  a  major  issue  for  indoor  air  monitoring  systems  other  than  in  the  case  of  cost  concerns.  but  for  the  outdoor  systems  and  especially  for  the  sensor  networkbased  approaches,  power  consumption  is  an  important  design  consideration  .  the  energy  sources  could  be  restocked  via  solar  or  other  methods.  as  the  size  of  the  network  grows,  this  task  becomes  more  difficult  and  remains  an  open  research  challenge.  hence  all  the  discussed  challenges  and  the  issues  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  resolved  to  some  extent  by  using  advanced  technologies.  these  issues  should  be  considered  carefully  while  designing  air  monitoring  systems.  we  have  designed  an  edgecomputing  based  iot  architecture  for  the  air  pollution  monitoring  system.  as  demonstrated  in  ,  a  layered  iot  architecture  is  employed  in  the  monitoring  system.  three  layers  were  defined  as  the  sensing  layer,  network  layer  and  the  application  layer,  respectively  .  all  the  layers  are  communicating  via  zigbee  and  wifi,  although  any  other  similar  technology  can  be  used  for  this  purpose.  the  total  work  load  is  balanced  and  distributed  over  these  three  layers  according  to  the  edgecomputing
__label__environmentmonitoring mechanism  ,  .  this  is  the  basis  of  the  whole  monitoring  system.  the  main  responsibility  of  this  layer  is  to  sense  the  air  quality.  the  sensing  nodes  are  the  main  entities  of  this  layer  and  can  be  deployed  over  the  wide  area.  hardware  and  software  details  about  these  nodes  are  provided  in  the  next  section.  this  layer  is  composed  of  edgecomputing  devices  iot  gateways.  its  duty  is  to  communicate  with  the  other  two  layers.  ecd  gathers  the  data  from  the  entire  sensing  layer  and  after  necessary  processing,  passes  the  data  to  the  application  layer.  the  application  layer  is  responsible  for
__label__environmentmonitoring providing  collaborative  services  to  the  consumers  and  the  data  storage.  it  can  be  distributed  into  two  chunks:  the  iot  cloud  ibm  cloud,  and  user  applications.  once  it  receives  the  data  reported  from  the  edge  computing  device,  it  stores  the  data  in  the  database  of  the  cloud  and  provides  data  visualization  in  numerous  ways,  as  detailed  in  .  system  architecture.  system  implementation  comprises  of  the  hardware  and  software  parts,  with  the  detailed  description  given  below.  the  hardware  of  the  system  primarily  includes  the  sensing  module  sm  and  an  edge  computing  device  ecd,  as  shown  in  a,b  respectively.  the  sensing  node  collects
__label__environmentmonitoring the  realtime  air  pollution  information  and  passes  this  data  to  the  ecd  through  a  wireless  channel.  a  detailed  description  of  these  two  modules  is  presented  as  follows.  ecd  module.  sensing  module.  as  shown  in  ,  each  sm  is  equipped  with  four  sub  modules,  which  are  the  sensor  block,  processing  module,  communication  module  and  the  power  module.  sensing  module.  sensor  block  :  to  make  the  system  cost  efficient,  we  use  the  lowcost  sensor  for  smaller  pollutants  and  more  accurate  sensors  for  the  major  pollutants  present  in  the  air.  deprived  of  the  complex  process,  these  sensors  can  measure  the  air  quality  in
__label__environmentmonitoring a  few  seconds.  although  the  precision  of  these  sensors  may  not  be  comparable  to  conventional  monitoring  stations,  it  is  sufficiently  effective  to  demonstrate  the  trend  of  the  air  quality  level.  this  module  is  designed  to  possess  six  different  sensors,  gp2y1014au0f,  dsm501,  mq7,  gsnt11,  so2af,  and  mics261011  for  the  detection  of  pm  ,  pm  ,  co,  no  ,  so  and  o  .  additionally,  a  dht11  humidity  temperature  sensor  was  installed  to  resolve  temperature  and  the  humidity  dependency.  processing  module  :  sensors  pass  their  raw  data  to  processing  modules  such  as  atmega328p.  this  module  performs  the  necessary  processing  on  the  data  that
__label__environmentmonitoring is  presented  in  as  the  calibration  the  power  management  algorithms.  communication  module  :  the  zigbee/802.15.4  protocol  was  used  to  communicate/exchange  the  data  between  the  sensing  module  and  ecd.  xbee  s2c  802.15.4  rf  modules  are  used  for  this  purpose,  this  module  provides  quick,  robust  communication  in  pointtopoint,  peertopeer,  and  multipoint/star  configurations.  the  module  has  the  following  features:  2.4  ghz  for  worldwide  deployment,  sleep  current  of  sub  1  a,  with  a  data  rate  rf  of  250  kbps,  a  serial  of  up  to  1  mbps,  an  indoor/urban  range  of  200ft.  60  m  300ft.  90  m,  and  an  outdoor/rf  lineofsight  range  of  4000ft.  1200
__label__environmentmonitoring m  2  miles  3200  m.  power  module  :  the  power  module  consisting  of  a  rechargeable  lithium  battery  and  the  control  module.  the  battery  is  connected  to  the  control  module  that  converts  9  v  to  5  v  and  3  v.  this  can  provide  a  safe  and  stable  power  supply  for  other  sub  modules.  as  shown  in  ,  the  ecd  in  on  the  second  layer  that  is  the  network  layer  and  is  obtained  using  the  arduino  platform.  for  the  purpose  of  simplicity  and  to  keep  the  costs  low,  this  platform  is  meeting  the  current  prototype  requirements,  although  any  other  advance  and  more
__label__environmentmonitoring powerful  board  can  be  used  for  device  development.  block  diagram  of  the  ecd  is  shown  in  and  sub  modules  are  described  below.  edge  computing  device.  processing  module  :  this  module  is  responsible  for  calculating  the  aqi,  data  analysis  and  power  management.  to  prototype,  the  local  databased  sd  card  was  integrated  with  a  device  that  stores  hourly  data,  with  only  the  daily  aqi  or  aqi  sliding  window  being  posted  to  the  cloud,  as  it  saves  power  and  communication  bandwidth.  this  system  is  scalable  and  can  be  configured  to  multiple  modes,  including  daily,  hourly,  and  sliding  windows  modes.  a  sliding  window  case
__label__environmentmonitoring is  where  the  aqi  will  be  posted  to  the  cloud  only  when  it  varies  enough  to  change  the  range  window  which  is  depicted  in  .  mode  selection  is  dependent  upon  the  application  and  user  demand.  sensor  module  :  this  module  contains  low  cost  electrochemical  sensors  from  the  mq  series  mq135,  mq6,  mq7,  mq9  for  measuring  indoor  pollutants  and  hazardous  gases  ,  .  the  gp2y1014au0f,  was  installed  to  measure  the  dust  particle  matters.  additionally,  a  dht11  humidity  and  temperature  sensor  was  installed  to  resolve  temperature  and  humidity  dependency.  communication  modules  :  ecd  device  include  two  communication  modules,  one  is  an  xbee
__label__environmentmonitoring s2c  module  to  communicate  with  sm  and  the  other  is  a  wifi  esp8266  used  to  interface  with  the  cloud  platform.  the  large  number  of  software  programs  are  required  for  both  the  iot  cloud  and  the  client  so  that  consumers  can  enjoy  full  services.  there  are  three  primary  kinds  of  servers  in  the  iot  cloud  with  diverse  functionalities,  i.e.,  data  processing  server,  storage  server,  and  http  server.  we  progress  the  design  considerations  and  plan  a  realtime  ample  airquality  level  indication  scheme,  which  efficiently  manages  vibrant  changes.  ibm  bluemix  was  used  to  implement  these  services.  the  overall  software  architecture  is  described  in
__label__environmentmonitoring .  the  iot  platform  communicates  with  ecd  and  collects  the  data  from  it.  it  uses  the  builtin  web  console  dashboards  to  screen  data  and  analyze  it  in  real  time.  users  can  define  rules  for  monitoring  circumstances  and  triggering  actions  that  include  alerts,  email  notifications,  nodered  flows,  and  other  services  reacting  quickly  to  dangerous  changes.  provides  a  diagram  of  the  architecture.  iot  architecture  employing  cloud  services.  offers  access  to  a  nosql  json  data  layer.  this  is  compatible  with  couchdb  and  is  manageable  through  the  http  interface  for  web  application  models.  every  document  in  the  database  is  accessible  as  json  via  a
__label__environmentmonitoring url,  and  data  can  be  retrieved,  stored,  or  deleted  individually  or  in  bulk.  data  sets  were  analyzed  to  disclose  the  air  pollution  trends.  analytical  results  were  stored  in  the  nosql  data  base.  either  a  website  or  a  mobile  application  can  be  used  to  exhibit  the  air  quality  facts  to  the  consumer.  watson  studio  was  used  to  explore  air  quality  data  and  create  visualizations  for  the  end  user.  watson  studio  offers  a  collection  of  tools  and  a  cooperative  environment  for  data  scientists,  developers  and  domain  specialists.  using  the  presentation  applications,  the  aqi  could  be  displayed  in  realtime,  e.g.,  current  aqi  indication
__label__environmentmonitoring and  trends  for  the  present  day/week/month.  in  addition,  the  trends  for  the  individual  pollutants  can  also  be  displayed  in  a  graphical  view.  other  available  visualizations  include  current  status,  recent  events,  and  data  logs,  an  example  is  shown  in  .  ibm  watson  iot  platform  for  data  visualization.  system  software  architecture.  characteristics  of  the  lowcost  sensor  differ  from  sensor  to  sensor  and  from  production  lot  to  production  lot.  thus,  every  sensor  needs  precalibration  to  accurately  measure  gas  capacity.  algorithm  1  shows  the  steps  for  precalibration,  here  coefficient  a  and  b  are  extrapolated  from  the  curves  provided  in  the  sensors  data  sheet,  for
__label__environmentmonitoring example  characteristic  curve  for  the  mq  135  sensor  can  be  taken  from  reference  .  r  r  r  a  r  s  r  b  low  cost  sensors  are  often  affected  by  temperature  and  humidity,  as  described  in  their  data  sheets  ,  ,  ,  .  therefore,  precalibrated  values  require  to  be  adjusted  with  respect  to  the  temperature  and  humidity  dependency  to  ensure  sensing  accuracy  .  algorithm  2  details  how  to  apply  the  autocalibration.  the  calibrated  value  of  the  gas  sensors  c  v  ,  is  calculated  as:  c  v  r  s  r  d  t  h  where  r  s  is  the  sensor  resistance  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring presence  of  a  certain  gas,  r  is  the  sensor  resistance  in  clean  air,  and  d  is  the  temperature  and  humidity  dependence  value  for  the  calibration.  the  ratio  of  the  sensor  resistances,  rs  /  r  ,  is  obtained  by:  r  s  r  r  l  a  m  a  v  r  l  where  r  l  is  the  external  resistance,  temperature  and  the  humidity  dependence  value  for  the  calibration,  d  t  h  ,  can  be  obtained  by:  d  t  h  t  t  where  t  is  the  current  temperature  and  is  the  humidity  dependency  value.  c  v  t  h  r  a  v  r  l  a
__label__environmentmonitoring m  r  s  r  a  v  t  h  r  h  r  d  t  h  r  s  r  c  v  according  to  reference  ,  the  measurements  that  significantly  deviate  from  the  normal  pattern  of  the  measured  data  are  called  outliers.  they  need  to  be  detected  and  removed  to  obtain  the  accurate  data.  a  data  smoothing  algorithm  is  employed  to  filtering  out  this  noise.  to  smooth  the  gas  sensor  data,  important  data  trends  were  recorded  in  a  repeated  statistical  manner  and  standard  deviation  with  3  is  used  for  limitation.  algorithm  3  explains  the  smoothing  algorithm.  r  sensor  resistor  r  load  resistor  r
__label__environmentmonitoring /r  r  /r  r  /r  r  /r  an  algorithm  4  was  implemented  to  reduce  the  power  consumption  at  the  sensing  node  and  the  ecd.  the  key  idea  behind  this  algorithm  is  that  the  data  will  only  be  transferred  if  it  is  useful.  the  sensing  node  only  transmits  the  data  to  ecd  if  the  measured  value  was  significantly  different  to  the  previous  value  and  the  amount  of  difference  is  specified  by  the  .  the  ecd  calculates  the  aqi  and  updates  it  to  the  cloud  only  if  the  aqi  changes  its  window.  if  the  variation  of  the  aqi  is  within  the  same
__label__environmentmonitoring window,  it  will  not  be  posted  to  the  cloud  on  an  hourly  update  case,  for  example  if  the  aqi  varies  from  51  to  100,  it  remains  in  the  moderate  window  and  if  the  value  crosses  the  limit  and  moves  to  the  next  window,  it  will  be  updated.  algorithm  5  describes  the  multiple  sm  scenarios  and  the  inclusion  of  their  individual  aqi  to  enhance  the  data  accuracy.  for  ecd  i  a  q  t  i  i  i  i  n  i  a  q  t  i  a  q  t  i  a  q  t  t  i  a  q  t  i  a  q  t  dont  send
__label__environmentmonitoring to  cloud/user  app  i  a  q  t  i  a  q  t  i  a  q  t  i  a  q  t  i  a  q  t  i  a  q  t  for  sn  i  n  t  t  i  n  t  i  n  t  dont  send  data  to  ecd  i  n  t  i  n  t  i  n  t  i  n  t  i  n  t  i  n  t  i  a  q  i  i  i  i  i  n  i  a  q  i  n  n  t  i  a  q  i  i  a  q  i  n  i  a  q  i  i  a  q  i  i  a  q  i  i
__label__environmentmonitoring a  q  i  i  a  q  i  i  a  q  i  the  energy  consumption  used  by  the  whole  system  is  the  addition  of  the  energy  consumed  by  each  task.  the  average  power  is  computed  by  considering  the  consumed  power  and  the  application  specific  period.  p  b  a  s  i  c  is  the  power  consumption  in  the  idle  state.  the  execution  time  of  the  specific  task  t  a  s  k  is  estimated  by  direct  measurements  or  by  timing  estimation  tools.  below  is  the  power  consumption  analysis  for  a  single  sensing  node  over  one  day  with  and  without  applying  a  system  model.
__label__environmentmonitoring here  p  s  e  n  s  o  r  s  is  the  power  consumed  by  the  pollution  sensors  and  has  a  fixed  value.  p  p  r  o  c  e  s  i  n  g  represents  the  total  processing  power  of  the  arduino.  p  c  o  m  m  u  n  i  c  a  t  i  o  n  consists  of  the  power  required  to  communicate  with  ecd.  in  our  case,  it  only  counts  the  number  of  transmissions  from  sensing  the  module  to  ecd.  xbee  module  requires  1  mw  of  transmission  power  denoted  as  .  arduino  consumes  an  average  power  of  734  mw  denoted  as
__label__environmentmonitoring p  b  a  s  i  c  .  in  equation  6  t  a  s  k  is  the  execution  time  of  the  particular  task.  t  p  c  s  n  p  s  e  n  s  o  r  s  p  p  r  o  c  e  s  i  n  g  p  c  o  m  m  u  n  i  c  a  t  i  o  n  p  p  r  o  c  e  s  i  n  g  p  c  o  m  m  u  n  i  c  a  t  i  o  n  p  s  e  n  s  o  r  s  p  p  r  o  c  e  s  i  n
__label__environmentmonitoring g  p  b  a  s  i  c  t  a  s  k  the  measurement  interval  depends  upon  the  type  of  sensor,  the  response  time  and  the  sensing  algorithm.  the  response  time  is  different  for  the  different  sensors,  as  summarized  in  reference  .  we  took  the  measurements  every  second  for  particular  matter,  and  every  minute  for  the  gases.  in  the  daily  case,  the  individual  aqi  for  co  o  in  ppm  parts  per  million  is  calculated  over  8  h,  for  so  no  in  ppb  parts  per  billion  over  1  h  and  finally  the  pm  concentration  in  g/m  is  calculated  over  24  h.  therefore
__label__environmentmonitoring the  number  of  transmissions  were  calculated  accordingly,  with  86,400  transmission  every  second,  for  24  h,  480  transmission  every  minute  for  8  h,  and  60  transmission  every  minute  for  1  h.  without  employing  the  designed  methodologies:  here  p  m  is  the  number  of  transmissions  required  for  pm  ,  p  m  for  pm  and  c  o  ,  n  o  ,  s  o  ,  o  for  co,  no  ,  so  ,  o  respectively.  hourly.  t  n  t  s  n  p  m  p  m  c  o  n  o  s  o  o  t  n  t  s  n  t  n  t  s  n  t  n  t
__label__environmentmonitoring s  n  p  e  r  h  o  u  r  t  o  t  a  l  p  o  w  e  r  s  n  p  e  r  d  a  y  t  o  t  a  l  p  o  w  e  r  s  n  daily.  t  n  t  s  n  p  m  p  m  c  o  n  o  s  o  o  t  n  t  s  n  t  n  t  s  n  t  n  t  s  n  t  o  t  a  l  p  o  w  e  r  s  n  with  designed  methodologies:  here  c  p  m  is  the  number  of  transmissions  required  for  pm  concentration,  c
__label__environmentmonitoring p  m  for  pm  and  c  o  ,  n  o  ,  s  o  o  for  co,  no  ,  so  ,  o  respectively.  hourly.  t  n  t  s  n  c  p  m  c  p  m  c  o  n  o  s  o  o  t  n  t  s  n  t  n  t  s  n  t  o  t  a  l  p  o  w  e  r  s  n  p  e  r  d  a  y  daily.  t  n  t  s  n  c  p  m  c  p  m  c  o  n  o  s  o  o  t  n  t  s  n  t  n  t  s  n  t  o
__label__environmentmonitoring t  a  l  c  o  n  s  u  m  e  d  p  o  w  e  r  s  n  t  o  t  a  l  p  o  w  e  r  s  a  v  e  d  a  t  o  t  a  l  p  o  w  e  r  s  a  v  e  d  b  the  communication  consumes  around  35  of  the  total  power,  with  a  designed  strategy  this  consumption  reduces  to  10  25  reduction  at  a  cost  of  a  small  increase  in  processing  power  consumption  2  increase,  hence  saving  23  of  the  total  power  per  node.  the  total  computational  burden  of  the  system  primarily
__label__environmentmonitoring consists  of  five  algorithms  presented  in  .  to  balance  the  load  between  the  sensing  node  and  the  ecd  algorithm,  13  run  on  sensing  node  while  4  5  incorporated  by  the  ecd  that  reduce  the  computational  burden  of  the  sensing  node  up  to  70  approx.  and  saves  significant  power  as  mathematically  described  above.  in  order  to  evaluate  the  effectiveness  of  the  system,  the  sensing  module,  edgecomputing  device  and  ibm  platform  were  integrated.  as  a  metric  to  indicate  the  air  quality,  aqi  i  a  q  i  is  calculated  by  measuring  six  main  pollutants  as  mentioned  in  .  the  critical  points  for  the
__label__environmentmonitoring six  air  pollutants  are  given  by  chinas  ministry  of  environmental  protection  and  other  bodies  in  references  ,  ,  .  a  discrete  score  i  n  is  allotted  to  the  level  of  each  pollutant  as  calculated  by  equation  13  and  the  absolute  aqi  i  a  q  i  is  the  highest  of  them  as  described  by  the  equation  14.  i  a  q  i  i  i  i  i  n  i  n  :  airquality  index  of  the  n  t  h  pollutant  c  t  :  truncated  concentration  of  the  n  t  h  pollutant  c  b  l  :  the  concentration  breakpoint  that  is  c  t  c  b
__label__environmentmonitoring h  :  the  concentration  breakpoint  that  is  c  t  l  l  :  aqi  w.r.t  c  b  l  l  h  :  aqi  w.r.t  c  b  h  according  to  the  above  equations  i  a  q  i  will  be  the  individual  aqi  i.e.,  i  n  of  that  particular  pollutant  which  acquires  the  highest  value.  according  to  the  historical  statistics  of  official  aqi  data,  the  major  and  dominant  pollutant  is  pm  ,  .  i  p  m  discrete  aqi  of  pm  and  i  g  s  discrete  aqis  of  other  pollutants  are  related  as  i  p  m  i  g  s  .  keeping  these  statistics  in  mind,
__label__environmentmonitoring this  prototype  selected  the  three  dominant  pollutants  pm  pm  co  to  calculate  the  outdoor  aqi.  however  the  sm  is  scalable  and  can  measure  all  six  pollutants  according  to  the  requirement  of  the  sensitive  scenario.  this  selection  reduces  the  cost  of  the  sensing  node  without  significantly  affecting  the  data  accuracy,  as  including  more  pollutants  enhances  the  cost  of  the  individual  node  and  overall  system  .  the  overall  functionality  of  the  system  was  demonstrated  by  conducting  the  experiments  in  different  settingsa  living  room  small,  office  medium,  and  an  open  environment.  in  the  smallsize  living  room  5  m  3.5  m  it  was  estimated
__label__environmentmonitoring that  one  sensing  node  was  adequate,  which  was  placed  in  the  middle  side  of  the  room  at  a  height  of  1.7  m.  for  the  open  environment,  the  effective  height  of  the  node  was  kept  at  9  m.  to  examine  the  viability  of  the  system  and  the  employed  algorithms,  measurements  were  taken  with  and  without  flattening  the  calibration  and  accumulation  algorithms.  mq135  could  measure  various  gases  as  described  in  ,  for  testing  purpose  it  was  calibrate  to  measure  co  only.  co  was  chosen  to  demonstrate  the  effectiveness  of  the  calibration  algorithm  due  to  the  ease  of  the  experimental  setup  and  its
__label__environmentmonitoring plentiful  availability  in  the  target  area.  the  data  was  collected  over  six  hours  in  an  office  setting  1317  employees,  and  depicts  the  results.  initially  there  were  only  four  persons,  with  the  passage  of  the  time,  the  number  of  persons  in  the  office  start  to  increase,  and  the  ascending  level  of  co  indicate  the  sensors  ability  to  detect  that  change.  the  co  ppm  level  reached  its  maximum  value  when  around  15  persons  were  present  in  the  office,  as  shown  in  the  graph  below.  during  the  break  time,  co  ppm  remained  in  its  lower  range,  and  data  trends  with  time  and  scenario
__label__environmentmonitoring verified  the  calibrations  effectiveness.  outliers  frequently  occurred  in  realtime  measurements  and  they  needed  to  be  detected  and  eliminated.  another  test  was  performed  to  validate  the  smoothing  algorithm  in  a  small  room  single  cubical  setting  over  one  hour.  minor  variations  were  observed  in  v  as  numbers  of  persons  were  quite  small  as  compare  to  office  setting  1  vs.  15.  shows  the  data  measurements,  graph  contain  raw  data  from  the  sensor  with  outliers.  after  applying  the  smoothing  algorithm  we  get  the  clean  data  and  outliers  have  been  effectively  removed.  co  measurements  over  six  hours  in  the  office  setting.  sensors  raw  sata  with
__label__environmentmonitoring and  without  smoothing  algorithm.  in  the  graph,  x  represents  the  value  of  v  remaining  the  same  before  and  after  the  smoothing  algorithm.  data  is  plotted  in  the  same  graph  purely  for  comparison,  as  the  smoothing  algorithm  does  not  affect  the  readings  except  the  abnormal  ones  that  are  indicated  by  the  arrowheads.  for  the  air  pollution  monitoring  evaluation,  measurements  have  been  conducted  in  the  dormitory  building  of  the  fudan  university  from  21  april  to  5  may  2018.  we  selected  15  consecutive  days  and  24  readings  each  day  every  hour  to  determine  the  consistency  of  the  measurement.  every  monitoring  instance  considered  different
__label__environmentmonitoring environmental  and  weather  parameters,  such  as  temperature,  relative  humidity,  and  wind  speed.  air  monitoring  data  counting  aqi  for  pm  is  shown  in  .  to  validate  the  reliability  of  the  system,  additional  data  sets  were  acquired  from  recognized  pm  databases  .  these  datasets  are  compared  in  and  for  outdoor  and  indoor  environments  respectively.  outdoor  measured  pm  aqi  compared  with  official  data,  from  21  april  to  5  may  2018.  indoor  measured  pm  aqi  value  comparison  with  official  data,  for  15  days  from  21  april  to  5  may  2018.  it  is  apparent  from  that  the  trends  of  the  aqi  lines  accord  well  when
__label__environmentmonitoring measured  with  multiple  sensing  nodes  as  compared  to  the  single  node  case.  although  the  data  trends  were  comparable  with  official  data  in  the  single  node  n  1  scenario,  the  gap  and  disparity  is  higher  than  in  the  multiple  node  n  2  case.  it  is  clear  that  the  sensing  efficiency  improves  with  the  involvement  of  more  sensing  nodes  because  it  enhances  the  quality  of  the  data  by  realizing  the  sensor  drift  and  enhancing  the  coverage  capability.  additionally,  the  multiple  node  approach  somehow  combats  the  issue  of  the  nonuniform  pollution  density.  the  discrepancy  between  the  measurements  and  reference  data  may  be  due
__label__environmentmonitoring to  several  factors,  such  as  the  different  measurement  locations,  respective  environment,  data  acquisition  techniques  and  the  type  of  the  incorporated  sensors.  comparison  between  the  measurements  with  single  and  multiple  sensing  nodes  n  1  n  2  from  2130  april  2018.  shows  the  aqi  trends  measured  in  the  indoor  environment.  it  can  be  seen  that  these  measurements  have  less  discrepancy  as  compared  to  the  outdoor  areas,  this  is  due  to  the  fact  that  environmental  factors  have  less  effects  in  the  closed  setting.  consequently,  the  air  quality  information  acquired  by  this  monitoring  system  was  able  to  determine  the  accuracy  and  reliability  necessities.  comparison
__label__environmentmonitoring between  the  measured  and  reference  data  on  overall  aqi  indoor  from  2130  april  2018.  pm  concentrations  are  greatly  linked  to  some  of  the  atmospheric  properties  like  wind  speed,  temperature  and  humidity.  the  effect  of  these  parameters  on  pm  concentrations  was  observed,  display  the  relative  humidity  and  temperature  for  the  underobservation  days.  plots  the  associations  among  pm  and  the  wind  speed.  it  can  be  observed  that  from  28  april  to  2  may  the  pm  concentrations  increased  progressively  with  the  wind  speeds  reaching  approximately  3.5  m/s.  afterward  the  speeds  dropped  gradually  and  held  in  a  lower  range,  was  owing  to  the  dispersal
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  pollutants  by  strong  winds  .  it  is  possible  to  conclude  that  aqi  depends  on  the  wind  speed  variation  to  some  extent  as  pm  is  a  major  participant  of  the  aqi.  relative  humidity  and  temperature  measurements.  effect  of  the  wind  speed  on  pm  concentration  microgram  per  cubic  meter.  describes  the  impact  of  the  number  of  sensing  nodes  and  their  positioned  height  on  the  overall  deployment  cost.  the  cost  ratio  ranges  from  1  to  20.  the  addition  of  the  sensing  nodes  to  enhance  the  efficiency  has  a  lower  deployment  cost  as  compared  to  the  addition  of  sinks/ecd  that  are  equipped
__label__environmentmonitoring with  pollution  sensors.  our  monitoring  system  has  designs  corresponding  to  the  monosink  case.  graph  shows  that  as  the  number  of  sensing  nodes  increases,  they  cause  a  rise  in  deployment  costs.  similarly,  the  nodes  deployment  height  also  plays  an  important  role  in  cost  effectiveness.  trends  shown  in  conclude  the  directly  proportional  relation  between  cost  and  the  number  of  sensing  node  plus  their  placement  height.  relationship  between  number  of  the  sensing  nodes,  node  height  and  the  deployment  cost.  the  impact  of  the  sensing  node  height  on  the  deployment  cost  and  data  accuracy  was  studied.  for  the  data  collection,  experiments  were  conducted  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  different  floors  of  the  international  student  dormitory  building  fudan  university  handan  campus.  the  campus  has  23  floors  and  a  total  height  of  approx.  90  m.  reveals  the  effects  of  the  optimal  deployment  height  i.e.,  near  major  pollutants.  this  study  is  helpful  in  node  positioning,  and  to  estimate  where  it  will  provide  the  accurate  value.  from  the  trends,  we  observed  that  pollution  concentration  tends  to  rise  near  the  ground  120  m  and  then  start  decreasing  gradually.  at  high  altitudes,  pollution  sources  are  more  dispersed  and  have  low  concentration  as  compared  to  the  ground  level,  especially  in  case  of  particle  matters
__label__environmentmonitoring .  shows  the  overall  deployment  cost  depending  on  the  measurement  height,  it  was  observed  that  the  deployment  cost  is  nominal  when  the  nodes  height  is  near  the  effective  release  height  of  pollution  sources,  which  was  found  to  be  around  9  m.  this  is  explained  by  the  fact  that  the  pollution  concentration  becomes  high  when  being  near  to  the  pollutant  active  release  height,  along  with  this  the  pollutants  have  a  greater  tendency  to  drop  than  to  rise  because  of  gravitational  effects  ,  .  effect  of  the  node  deployment  height  on  pm  concentration.  impact  of  the  pollution  sources  on  the  overall  system
__label__environmentmonitoring deployment  cost.  the  incorporation  of  the  more  pollutants  enhances  the  deployment  cost  significantly.  as  demonstrated  in  ,  more  pollutants  results  in  a  larger  number  of  related  sensors.  further  sensors  integration  ultimately  increases  the  deployment  expenses.  the  rise  in  the  cost  ratio  from  5  pollutants  to  6  pollutants  is  smaller  than  the  growth  from  4  sources  to  5.  this  is  for  the  reason  that  increasing  pollution  sources  results  in  many  intersections  between  pollution  zones  ,  which  directly  affect  the  system  costs.  below  is  the  summary  of  the  features  possessed  by  the  proposed  monitoring  system  and  its  comparison  with  existing  systems  .
__label__environmentmonitoring comparison  of  the  proposed  and  the  existing  pollution  monitoring  systems.  in  this  paper,  we  developed  an  edgecomputing  based  iot  architecture  for  the  air  pollution  monitoring  system.  the  project  integrates  open  access,  low  cost  technologies.  the  systems  prototyping  was  done  with  a  small  size,  cheap  and  easy  to  develop  deploy  arduino  platform.  prototype  is  able  to  monitor  multiples  gases  and  particular  matter  along  with  humidity  and  temperature.  algorithms  were  employed  to  avoid  temporary  sensor  errors  and  to  manage  the  cross  sensitivity  problems.  automatic  calibration  was  applied  to  ensure  the  accuracy  of  the  sensors  reporting.  another  algorithm  was  developed  to  minimize  the
__label__environmentmonitoring redundant  network  traffic  and  to  reduce  the  power  consumption.  the  designed  model  is  deliberated  in  such  a  way  to  reduce  the  computational  burden  over  sensing  nodes  that  is  battery  operated  and  balanced  the  total  work  load  with  edge  computing  device.  the  proposed  system  has  no  limits  on  the  installation  location.  watson  studio  was  employed  to  explore  air  quality  data  and  to  create  the  data  visualizations  for  the  end  user.  the  study  concluded  that  it  is  best  to  position  the  sensing  node  at  the  optimal  height  near  to  the  pollutants.  the  system  model  is  intended  for  static  sensor  networks,  supported  by
__label__environmentmonitoring the  fact  that  the  pollution  sensors  work  well  in  static  mode.  a  sufficiently  number  of  experiments  have  been  conducted  in  different  locations  to  endorse  the  reliability  of  the  air  quality  monitoring  system.  various  remarkable  facts  have  been  discovered  when  associating  the  air  quality  tendency  and  other  similar  statistics.  from  the  large  volume  of  data,  useful  information  was  generated  and  published  to  the  users  at  the  local  level  to  create  awareness.  this  is  an  excellent  solution  for  household,  offices  and  crowded  environment  monitoring,  although  for  industrial  monitoring,  current  versions  need  to  be  upgraded  for  higher  accuracy.  nodes  are  scalable  and  allow
__label__environmentmonitoring easy  up  gradation  according  to  demand.  this  work  was  supported  in  part  by  nsfc  under  grant  61571137,  in  part  by  the  shanghai  pujiang  program  under  grant  17pj1400800,  and  in  part  by  the  shanghai  institute  of  intelligent  electronics  and  system.  conceptualization,  z.i.  and  z.z.;  methodology,  z.i.;  software,  z.i.;  validation,  z.i.  and  z.z.;  formal  analysis,  z.i.;  investigation,  z.i.;  resources,  z.z.  and  l.z.;  data  curation,  z.i.;  writingoriginal  draft  preparation,  z.i.;  writingreview  editing,  z.i.  and  z.z.;  visualization,  z.i.,  z.z.  and  l.z.;  supervision,  z.z.  and  l.z.;  project  administration,  z.z.  and  l.z.;  funding  acquisition,  z.z.  and  l.z.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  electrical  engineering,  college  of  engineering,  qatar  university,  doha  2713,  qatar;  a.a.;  s.h.m.a.;  f.t.  department  of  electrical  engineering,  college  of  engineering,  qatar  university,  doha  2713,  qatar;  a.a.;  s.h.m.a.;  f.t.  department  of  electrical  engineering,  college  of  engineering,  qatar  university,  doha  2713,  qatar;  a.a.;  s.h.m.a.;  f.t.  department  of  electrical  engineering,  college  of  engineering,  qatar  university,  doha  2713,  qatar;  a.a.;  s.h.m.a.;  f.t.  qatar  mobility  and  innovation  center,  qstp,  doha  210531,  qatar;  the  impact  of  air  quality  on  health  and  on  life  comfort  is  well  established.  in  many  societies,  vulnerable  elderly  and  young  populations  spend
__label__environmentmonitoring most  of  their  time  indoors.  therefore,  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  iaqm  is  of  great  importance  to  human  health.  engineers  and  researchers  are  increasingly  focusing  their  efforts  on  the  design  of  realtime  iaqm  systems  using  wireless  sensor  networks.  this  paper  presents  an  endtoend  iaqm  system  enabling  measurement  of  co  ,  co,  so  ,  no  ,  o  ,  cl  ,  ambient  temperature,  and  relative  humidity.  in  iaqm  systems,  remote  users  usually  use  a  local  gateway  to  connect  wireless  sensor  nodes  in  a  given  monitoring  site  to  the  external  world  for  ubiquitous  access  of  data.  in  this  work,  the  role  of  the  gateway
__label__environmentmonitoring in  processing  collected  air  quality  data  and  its  reliable  dissemination  to  endusers  through  a  webserver  is  emphasized.  a  mechanism  for  the  backup  and  the  restoration  of  the  collected  data  in  the  case  of  internet  outage  is  presented.  the  system  is  adapted  to  an  opensource  internetofthings  iot  webserver  platform,  called  emoncms,  for  live  monitoring  and  longterm  storage  of  the  collected  iaqm  data.  a  modular  iaqm  architecture  is  adopted,  which  results  in  a  smart  scalable  system  that  allows  seamless  integration  of  various  sensing  technologies,  wireless  sensor  networks  wsns  and  smart  mobile  standards.  the  paper  gives  full  hardware  and  software  details  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring proposed  solution.  sample  iaqm  results  collected  in  various  locations  are  also  presented  to  demonstrate  the  abilities  of  the  system.  indoor  and  outdoor  air  quality  aq  is  becoming  a  major  concern  for  the  public  and  policy  makers.  recently,  europe  and  usa  have  reduced  the  emissions  of  several  airborne  pollutants  ,  such  as  carbon  monoxide  co,  sulfur  dioxide  so  and  lead  pb.  nitrogen  dioxide  no  ,  ozone  o  ,  particulate  matter  pm  and  some  other  organic  compounds  are  also  considered  as  a  serious  threat  to  health.  in  addition,  several  statistical  studies  showed  that  people  spend  up  to  90  of  their  time  in
__label__environmentmonitoring enclosed  environments  such  as  offices,  schools,  homes,  and  shopping  malls  ,  .  for  all  these  reasons,  realtime  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  iaqm  is  required.  collecting  data  concurrently  from  various  locations  and  making  it  available  ubiquitously  enables  interested  users  to  be  informed  about  aq  in  their  chosen  or  planned  places.  additionally,  it  is  often  difficult  for  air  conditioning  managers  who  control  ventilation  inside  buildings  to  obtain  realtime  indoor  air  quality  iaq  data,  and  hence  resort  to  overventilation  to  ensure  safe  levels  of  pollutants  in  their  buildings.  this  overventilation  is  costly,  particularly  in  harsh  environments  very  hot  or  very  cold  environments,  as
__label__environmentmonitoring outside  air  pumped  into  the  building  for  diluting  pollutants  needs  energy  either  for  cooling  or  for  heating.  since  iaqm  can  vary  significantly  from  one  location  to  another  even  inside  the  same  building,  wsn  may  be  used  for  simultaneous  and  realtime  monitoring  of  air  quality  in  multiple  target  locations.  several  previous  works  presented  significant  contributions  in  this  area,  and  will  be  discussed  in  the  present  section.  brienza  et  al.  presented  a  lowcost  cooperative  monitoring  tool  that  allows  a  realtime  monitoring  of  the  concentration  of  some  polluting  gases  in  various  areas  of  a  city.  in  this  solution,  the  system  is  confined  to
__label__environmentmonitoring outdoor  aqm  and  at  each  location  individual  sensor  boards  are  installed  to  post  the  data  measurements  directly  through  the  internet  to  a  centralized  server.  the  sensor  node  is  based  on  an  embedded  solution  from  libelium,  which  is  provided  with  a  dedicated  integrated  development  environment  ide  for  composing  firmware.  the  server  is  implemented  using  postgresql  for  data  base  management,  the  webserver  apache,  google  maps  application  programming  interfaces  apis  for  sensor  visualization  and  the  java  script  library  for  graph  visualization.  their  system  is  very  interesting  since  it  enables  online  display  of  the  data  measurements.  however,  the  system  does  not  include  a  local
__label__environmentmonitoring network  for  the  communication  between  neighboring  sensor  nodes;  each  of  these  nodes  posts  its  collected  data  directly  to  the  server.  in  addition,  this  system  is  dedicated  for  users  with  specific  enduser  devices.  lambebo  and  haghani  implemented  a  realtime  temperature  and  greenhouse  gas  concentration  monitoring  system  using  wsn.  the  gateway  is  an  open  source  lowpower  hardware  based  on  arduino  uno  microcontroller  and  radio  module  xbee  ieee  802.15.4  for  the  zigbee  communication.  the  gateway  ensures  the  relay  of  data  to  wifi  network  and  the  acquisition  of  data  measurements  from  all  the  local  sensor  nodes.  a  server  communicates  with  the  local  network  through
__label__environmentmonitoring the  base  station  with  wifi.  at  the  server,  a  database  and  website  were  developed  to  store  and  disseminate  the  environment  data.  the  gateway  simply  receives  the  packets  from  the  local  sensor  network  and  relays  these  through  wifi  interface;  neither  local  storage  at  the  gateway  nor  data  resubmission  in  the  case  of  internet  disconnection  are  provided.  fioccola  et  al.  described  a  system  based  on  arduino  board  and  a  cloudbased  platform  that  manages  data  obtained  from  aq  sensors.  a  comparison  between  two  cloud  computing  service  models  and  between  two  iot  communication  protocols  has  been  performed.  however,  the  presented  system  is  based  on
__label__environmentmonitoring wired  technology,  which  limits  the  mobility  of  the  sensors  and  their  positioning.  in  addition,  the  rescue  mechanism,  in  the  case  of  internet  disconnection  at  the  gateway,  has  not  been  addressed.  tsang  et  al.  designed  a  zigbee  network  for  iaq  monitoring  system.  they  introduced  an  energy  saving  zigbee  wsn  network  with  low  latency  and  high  throughput.  however,  in  their  work,  the  authors  have  proposed  simulation  of  wsn  for  iaqm  without  implementation  and  deployment  of  embedded  devices.  in  their  work,  the  authors  designed  the  simulation  scenario  using  opnet,  software  dedicated  to  network  problems.  postolache  et  al.  presented  a  wifibased  network  for  iaqm;
__label__environmentmonitoring their  system  incorporates  sensor  data  processing  based  on  neural  networks  for  the  detection  of  air  pollution  events  and  sensors  abnormal  operation.  each  sensor  node  transmits  the  data  using  tcp/ip  communication  to  the  main  processing  and  control  unit  laptop  pc,  which  performs  data  logging,  data  processing,  and  web  publishing  through  a  labview  web  server.  their  system  is  still  in  laboratory  and  pending  deployment  in  indoor  sites.  jelicic  et  al.  presented  a  wsn  for  iaqm  that  features  people  presence  sensing  and  activity  recording,  and  long  node  autonomy  .  however,  the  authors  limited  their  study  to  simulate  the  power  consumption  of  a  small
__label__environmentmonitoring wsn  in  an  iaqm  environment.  the  data  are  posted  to  a  webserver,  through  the  coordinator  and  the  router  without  any  local  storage  or  resubmission  of  the  lost  data  packets.  kim  et  al.  analyzed  the  issues,  infrastructure,  information  processing,  and  challenges  of  designing  and  implementing  an  integrated  sensing  system  for  realtime  iaqm.  the  sensor  node  is  based  on  the  mpu  msp430  microcontroller,  the  rf  chip  cc2500  and  several  gas  sensors.  the  sensor  node  sends  data  through  serial  communication  interface.  the  aq  data  are  stored  in  a  middleware  and  posted  to  a  cloud  platform.  the  solution  is  not  embedded  since  the  sensing
__label__environmentmonitoring device  is  directly  wired  to  a  computer.  moreover,  the  solution  did  not  tackle  the  issue  of  data  reliability  when  the  internet  connection  is  lost.  firdhous  et  al.  proposed  an  iotbased  iaqm  system  limited  to  monitoring  o  concentrations  near  photocopy  machines.  the  iot  device  communicates  with  a  gateway  node  over  bluetooth,  which  in  turn  communicates  with  the  processing  node  via  wifi.  the  system  proposed  by  the  authors  is  limited  to  the  monitoring  of  ozone  produced  in  offices  by  the  photocopier  machine.  hassan  et  al.  proposed  a  wireless  electronic  nose  to  detect  healthendangering  gases  in  indoor  environments.  however,  their  work  focused  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  gas  identification  using  encoding  models.  although  the  approach  offers  a  reduced  computational  power  and  memory  requirement,  the  work  was  limited  to  some  mathematical  tools,  which  were  not  validated  against  aq  data  from  any  site.  chen  et  al.  described  a  system  for  monitoring  co  in  indoor  environments.  the  main  focus  was  on  providing  people  in  these  environments  with  information  on  co  levels  through  their  mobile  devices,  which  read  quick  response  qr  codes.  in  this  work,  we  propose  an  endtoend  solution  for  iaqm;  the  system  integrates  wireless  aq  sensor  nodes,  advanced  embedded  gateways,  and  an  iot  server.  the  proposed  system  stores
__label__environmentmonitoring and  posts  live  data  on  the  server.  additionally,  it  includes  data  backup  tool  at  the  sensor  nodes  and  gateway  levels,  ensuring  no  data  loss  in  the  case  of  loss  of  communication  within  the  system.  the  main  contribution  of  this  paper  is  summarized  as  follows:  a  distributed  modular  iaqm  system  using  sensors  nodes  for  many  aq  parameters,  a  wsn,  and  an  iot  server  is  developed.  the  systems  hardware  and  software  are  described  in  detail.  gateways  that  ensure  transmission  from  the  sensors  nodes  to  iot  servers  without  data  loss  are  developed.  indeed,  the  solution  includes  a  mechanism  of  transmission  error  detection  and
__label__environmentmonitoring packet  resubmission  in  the  case  of  temporary  interruption  of  communication.  the  remainder  of  the  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  provides  an  overall  description  of  the  design  of  the  proposed  iaqm  system.  sample  results  of  data  collected  with  the  proposed  system  are  presented  and  discussed  in  .  the  paper  is  concluded  in  .  the  overall  architecture  of  the  proposed  iaqm  system  is  shown  in  .  the  system  can  collect  aq  data  from  several  sites  simultaneously.  the  collected  data  are  processed  and  transmitted  to  an  iot  server  to  be  made  available  to  remote  users  both  in  graphical  and  tabular  forms.  in  each
__label__environmentmonitoring measurement  site  e.g.,  a  house,  several  sensor  nodes  collect  iaq  data  and  send  them  to  a  gateway.  the  gateway  processes  the  received  data  and  posts  the  aggregated  data  with  timestamp  to  the  external  world  over  the  internet.  this  section  discusses  details  of  the  hardware  and  firmware  design  of  each  part  of  the  proposed  system.  iaqm  system  architecture.  the  system  hardware  consists  mainly  of  the  sensor  nodes  and  gateways,  which  are  described  below.  a  starnetwork  configuration  has  been  adopted  in  the  present  application  since,  in  each  measurement  site,  the  sensor  nodes  are  scattered  near  and  around  their  gateway.  each  sensor  node
__label__environmentmonitoring monitors  the  concentrations  of  six  gases  in  addition  to  ambient  temperature  and  relative  humidity.  the  sensor  node  communicates  wirelessly  with  the  gateway  through  xbee  pro  radio  modules.  a  dedicated  firmware  is  developed  for  the  sensor  node  as  described  below.  libelium  sensor  platform  was  selected  for  the  sensor  nodes;  this  platform  is  characterized  by  the  modularity  of  its  architecture  and  by  its  ability  to  support  several  sensors  and  communication  modules.  the  sensor  node  includes:  i  a  set  of  calibrated  sensors;  ii  a  sensors  interface  board  called  gas  pro  sensor  board;  iii  a  processing  and  data  storing  board,  called  waspmote,  incorporating  an
__label__environmentmonitoring atmega1281  microcontroller  operating  at  14.74  mhz,  a  128  kb  flash  memory,  an  8  kb  sram,  a  2  gb  sd  card,  a  32  khz  real  time  clock  rtc,  seven  analog  inputs,  eight  digital  i/o,  two  uarts,  one  i2c,  one  spi,  and  one  usb  port;  iv  a  series  2  xbee  pro  one  mile  lineofsight  range  communication  module;  and  v  a  rechargeable  battery  with  a  typical  capacity  of  6600  mah.  in  the  present  indoor  application,  the  sensor  nodes  are  powered  from  the  mains  sockets,  and  the  battery  is  mainly  required  for  the  rtc  and  backup  in  the  case  of  temporary  power  failure.  gas
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  node  for  iaqm.  as  shown  in  ,  the  sensors  included  in  each  node  are  used  for  measuring  concentrations  of  co  ,  co,  so  ,  no  ,  o  ,  and  cl  ;  ambient  temperature  t;  and  relative  humidity  rh.  the  co  sensor  is  of  nondispersive  infrared  ndir  type  and  is  mounted  on  a  special  frontend  interface  board  .  by  using  a  suitable  infrared  source  and  a  compatible  light  detector,  the  co  concentration  may  be  determined  by  analyzing  the  optical  absorption  of  the  light  that  passes  through  the  gas.  the  other  gas  sensors  are  of  electrochemical  type  cells  operating  in  amperometric
__label__environmentmonitoring mode  current  output,  and  have  either  three  or  four  electrodes  .  a  threeelectrode  device  includes  a  working  electrode  we  that  reacts  with  the  target  gas  and  generates  a  current  proportional  to  its  concentration,  a  counter  electrode  ce  that  supplies  a  current  which  balances  that  generated  by  the  we,  and  a  reference  electrode  re  that  sets  the  bias  voltage  of  the  we.  the  fourelectrode  device  includes  an  additional  auxiliary  electrode  ae,  which  is  used  to  compensate  the  effects  of  temperature  in  the  baseline  current.  each  of  these  electrochemical  sensors  is  mounted  on  a  frontend  board,  in  which  the  current  generated  by
__label__environmentmonitoring the  we  is  converted  by  a  transimpedance  amplifier  into  a  voltage  for  the  integrated  analogtodigital  converter  adc.  the  transimpedance  amplifier  gain  is  adjusted  by  a  resistor  depending  on  the  range  of  the  target  gas  concentration;  alternatively,  an  autoranging  mode  may  be  selected  that  allows  automatic  selection  of  the  resistor  for  maximizing  the  output  voltage  to  match  the  adc  fullscale  range  for  accurate  conversion.  the  bias  voltage  is  managed  by  the  analog  frontend  afe  module  and  by  the  parameters  stored  in  the  eeprom  associated  with  the  sensor.  the  board  for  the  fourelectrode  devices  includes  a  second  transimpedance  amplifier  for  converting  the
__label__environmentmonitoring current  of  the  ae  into  a  voltage.  the  communication  between  the  sensor  interface  and  other  digital  devices  is  done  through  an  i2c  bus;  which  allows  measurement  data  to  be  available  and  exchange  of  commands  such  as  requests  to  obtain  the  serial  number  stored  in  the  eeprom  of  the  sensor  or  set  the  gain  of  the  transimpedance  amplifier.  the  sensors  are  precalibrated  by  libelium  using  lookup  tables  stored  in  the  eeprom  of  the  front  end.  recalibration  of  these  sensors  is  done  using  an  inhouse  developed  calibration  rig,  the  details  of  which  will  be  reported  elsewhere.  the  frequent  inlab  calibration  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  guarantees  the  reliability  of  the  collected  iaqm  data.  ndirtype  co  sensor  and  its  interface  module.  block  diagrams  of  the  interface  modules  for  the:  threeelectrode  ;  and  fourelectrode  electrochemical  sensors.  specifications  of  the  sensors  used.  t90:  rise  time  to  90  of  final  value;  t63:  rise  time  to  63  of  final  value.  the  wireless  sensor  node  has  to  incorporate  a  suitable  module  to  communicate  with  the  gateway.  sensor  nodes  deployed  inside  buildings  send  data  to  a  gateway  with  single  hop  or  multihop  communication  modes;  the  former  mode  has  been  chosen  in  the  present  work.  power  requirement,  distance  and  indoor  throughwall  communication
__label__environmentmonitoring were  the  main  factors  considered  when  choosing  the  xbee  pro  s2  radio  module  for  the  iaqm  system.  the  waspmote  board  is  fitted  with  a  socket  compatible  with  the  chosen  xbee  pro  s2  radio  module,  and  the  gateway  described  below  is  also  readily  compatible  with  the  same  module.  the  core  of  the  gateway  is  the  flexible  raspberry  pi2  model  b  minicomputer  with  the  following  relevant  features:  system  on  chip  soc  broadcom  bcm2835  32bit/700  mhz  arm7  processor  1  gb  memory  sdram  onboard  storage:  microsdhc  slot  for  up  to  32  gb,  onboard  network:  10/100  mbit/s  ethernet  port  four  usb  ports  2.0  power  source:
__label__environmentmonitoring 5  v  via  microusb  or  gpio  header  power  rating:  220  ma  1.1  w  average  when  idle,  820  ma  4.1  w  gateway.  the  processing  power  of  the  raspberry  pi2  is  adequate  for  the  present  application.  note  that,  by  using  a  typical  8  gb  micro  sd  card,  the  operating  system  os  and  the  applications  consume  nearly  2  gb  of  the  memory,  and  the  remaining  space  6  gb  is  available  to  store  the  data  measurements.  in  our  system,  data  are  stored  every  15  min,  and  each  packet  needs  114  bytes  containing  node  id  2  bytes,  time  stamp  10  bytes,  concentrations  of  six  gases
__label__environmentmonitoring 6  8  bytes,  temperature  6  bytes,  relative  humidity  6  bytes,  battery  level  6  bytes  and  counter  10  bytes  plus  spaces.  a  gateway  with  typically  five  sensor  nodes  connected  to  it  requires  only  114  5  4  24  54.72  kb  for  storing  iaqm  data  in  the  sd  card  in  .txt  format  each  day.  note  that,  as  described  below,  a  stack  is  used  to  temporarily  store  data  in  the  node  in  the  case  of  unsuccessful  transmission  to  the  gateway;  however,  the  memory  space  required  for  this  stack  is  negligible  as  this  is  cleared  every  time  temporarilysaved  data  are  resent  successfully.  therefore,  the  available
__label__environmentmonitoring memory  space  of  6  gb  is  able  to  store  iaqm  data  for  6,000,000/54.72  109,649  days  equivalent  to  more  than  300  years.  the  radio  module  used  for  communication  with  the  sensor  nodes  is  the  xbee  pro  s2  .  this  module  communicates  with  the  raspberry  pi2  via  a  usb  port  using  a  usbxbee  adapter.  the  internet  connection  of  the  gateway  is  secured  through  the  ethernet  port  of  the  raspberry  pi;  this  can  also  be  done  through  wifi  using  a  usb  wifi  dongle.  note  that  raspberry  pi  3  has  builtin  wifi  module;  therefore,  an  upgrade  from  raspberry  pi2  to  raspberry  pi3  would  dispense
__label__environmentmonitoring with  the  external  wifi  module.  flowchart  of  the  data  processing  at  the  gateway.  the  proposed  iaqm  system  includes  sensor  nodes  and  gateways,  both  of  which  are  equipped  with  communications  modules.  each  component  is  managed  by  a  dedicated  firmware.  the  physical  layer  consists  of  the  radio  module  xbee  pro  s2.  the  data  link  layer  consists  of  the  gateway,  device  manager  and  communication  protocol.  on  the  sensor  node,  firmware  is  implemented  to  operate  in  one  of  two  modes:  i  calibration  mode;  or  ii  measurement  mode,  which  is  the  default  mode.  as  the  name  implies,  the  calibration  mode  is  used  when  calibrating  the
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors;  this  is  done  in  a  purposebuilt  calibration  rig  that  is  described  in  another  communication.  in  brief,  the  rig  consists  of  a  temperaturecontrolled  chamber  for  housing  the  sensor  node  to  be  calibrated.  a  computercontrolled  gas  mixing  equipment  is  used  to  precisely  set  the  gas  composition  in  the  chamber  according  to  a  predetermined  schedule.  the  computer  communicates  with  sensor  node  to  log  the  sensors  readings  for  each  gascomposition  set  point,  and  performs  polynomial  fitting  of  each  sensor  output  as  a  function  of  the  true  gas  concentration  set  by  a  computercontrolled  calibration  rig.  for  each  sensor,  identified  by  its  serial  number,  a
__label__environmentmonitoring mathematical  equation  is  then  determined  and  stored  in  the  sd  card  of  the  sensor  node  for  the  correction  of  the  sensor  reading.  in  the  measurement  mode  described  in  the  current  work,  the  processor  of  the  waspmote  board  of  the  sensor  node  identifies  the  associated  sensors  through  their  serial  numbers,  which  are  stored  in  the  eeproms  of  the  sensors.  to  change  the  operating  mode,  the  sensor  node  is  operated  in  a  serverclient  architecture  where  the  sensor  node  is  the  server.  the  client  node  gateway/pc  of  the  calibration  rig  can  change  the  operating  mode  by  sending  specific  commands  to  the  sensor  node.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  measurement  mode,  the  main  data  acquisition  tasks  at  each  sensor  node  are  monitored  by  the  firmware  summarized  in  algorithm  1.  note  that  the  measurement  cycle  is  set  to  15  min.  in  addition,  at  each  sensor  node  in  the  measurement  mode,  a  mechanism  of  packet  resubmission  is  triggered  when  the  connection  is  restored.  the  gateway  always,  assigns  an  absolute  counter/index  associated  to  the  received  packets  to  identify,  which  one  is  missing.  the  indexes  of  the  missed  packets  are  stored  in  a  specific  stack  at  the  gateway.  the  backward  zigbee  communication  from  the  gateway  to  the  nodes  is  established  to
__label__environmentmonitoring send  a  request  to  the  specific  sensor  node  for  the  resubmission  of  the  missed  packet  stored  therein.  since  the  index  of  each  packet  is  incremented  by  the  sensor  node,  the  acquisition  process  running  at  the  gateway  easily  detects  the  missed  index.  algorithm  2  presents  a  pseudo  code  of  the  firmware  running  during  the  idle  time  of  the  senor  board.  this  firmware  ensures  the  resubmission  of  the  missed  packets  by  checking  the  size  of  the  stack  at  the  sd  card.  once  the  message  is  transmitted  to  the  gateway,  it  will  be  deleted  from  the  stack.  a  firmware  is  uploaded  onto  the
__label__environmentmonitoring radio  communication  module  of  the  node  and  the  gateway  xbee  pro.  this  module  can  be  programed  as  coordinator,  router  or  end  device.  the  coordinator  is  the  radio  module  responsible  of  the  forming  of  the  network.  the  coordinator  has  to  manage  the  security  of  the  network  and  it  selects  the  appropriate  channel,  pan  id,  and  extended  network  address.  the  routers  are  responsible  for  routing  data  between  different  nodes,  and  receiving  and  storing  messages  intended  for  their  dependent  nodes.  the  routers  also  are  responsible  of  allowing  new  nodes  to  join  the  network.  the  end  device  is  the  simple  node  of  the  network
__label__environmentmonitoring and  it  is  not  allowed  to  route  data.  in  zigbee  network,  only  end  device  is  allowed  to  switch  to  sleep  mode.  at  mode  or  transparent  mode:  with  this  mode,  all  data  are  sent  to  the  xbee  module  as  in  serial  transmission  baud  rate,  parity  bit,  etc.,  without  error  control.  the  physical  destination  address  is  prestored  in  the  memory  of  the  radio  module.  the  data  are  simply  transmitted  in  asynchronous  mode.  only  serial  data  transmission  is  allowedthere  is  no  acknowledgments  or  transmission  requests.  api  mode  application  programming  interface:  in  this  mode,  data  must  be  formatted  in  frames  with  destination  information,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring payload.  the  api  mode  provides  more  facilities  for  the  application  running  on  the  host  to  interact  with  the  network.  this  mode  is  usually  preferred  over  at  mode  since:  1  it  allows  the  transmission  of  the  data  to  multiple  destinations  without  using  command  mode;  2  it  enables  to  receive  acknowledgment  of  transmission  status  for  each  attempted  transmission;  and  3  it  reduces  the  power  consumption  of  the  network  by  providing  sleep  mode  for  the  end  devices  until  data  are  requested.  in  our  application,  the  xbee  pro  module  at  the  gateway  is  configured  as  coordinator  in  api  mode.  however,  the  xbee  pro  module
__label__environmentmonitoring on  each  sensor  is  configured  as  end  device.  for  each  network,  a  pan  id  value  is  set  for  the  entire  network  by  the  zigbee  coordinator  zc  when  the  personal  area  network  pan  is  formed  and  must  not  change  while  the  pan  is  operating.  for  example,  for  broadcast  transmission,  all  nodes  with  the  same  pan  id  receive  the  packets  but  no  acknowledgment  is  sent  back.  the  radio  module  parameters  setup  and  the  upload  of  the  firmware  are  mainly  done  using  xctu  which  is  a  software  tool  for  the  configuration  of  most  rf  modules  made  by  digi  international  ,  including  the  module
__label__environmentmonitoring used  in  the  present  work  .  xctu  uses  a  serial  link  to  upload  customized  firmware  on  the  radio  modules.  in  our  application,  the  following  main  parameters  need  to  be  setup  using  xctu:  the  pan  id,  which  is  an  id  common  to  the  nodes  belonging  to  the  same  network.  in  our  application,  we  configured  the  radio  module  firmware  of  several  end  devices  with  same  pan  id;  the  gateway  radio  module  has  been  configured  as  coordinator  with  the  same  panid  as  the  end  devices.  select  the  latest  firmware  for  at  or  api  modes  and  type  of  node  coordinator,  router  or  end  device.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  destination  address  high  dh.  the  destination  address  low  dl.  the  serial  interface  parameters:  baud  rate  bd,  parity,  nb,  stop  bits  sb  to  be  compatible  with  board  on  which  the  radio  module  is  plugged.  for  the  libelium  waspmote  board  used  in  this  work:  bd  115,200.  several  other  standard  parameters  are  set  to  their  default  values.  it  is  important  to  note  that  for  the  api  mode  on  the  gateway,  digi  international  provides  a  semicomplete  implementation  of  the  xbee  pro  binary  application  programming  interface  protocol  and  allows  developer  to  send  and  receive  data  without  dealing  with  raw  communication  details.  in  our  case,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  applications  on  the  gateway  are  based  on  python  codes;  hence  we  installed  the  pythonxbee  binary  library  on  the  gateway.  the  operating  system  controlling  the  raspberry  pi2  is  a  modified  version  of  debian  linux,  optimized  for  the  advanced  risc  machines  arm  architecture.  the  raspiconfig  command  is  used  to  configure  the  operating  system.  the  desktop  graphic  user  interface  gui  on  raspberry  pi  is  disabled  and  the  secure  socket  shell  ssh  server  is  configured  through  the  raspiconfig  command  for  remote  access  to  the  gateway  via  ethernet  or  wifi  link.  the  main  goal  of  the  proposed  iaqm  system  is  to  provide  a  reliable
__label__environmentmonitoring mechanism  to  collect  iaq  data  and  post  them  to  an  iot  server  for  remote  users.  on  the  gateway,  two  main  applications  are  implemented.  the  first  one  supports  the  process  that  reads  the  data  from  the  radio  interface  and  the  protocols  to  manage  the  message  exchanges  between  the  gateway  and  the  remote  iot  server  via  internet  link.  the  second  application  serves  as  rescue  for  the  restoration  of  packets,  which  are  lost  in  the  communication  channels.  the  flowchart  of  the  first  application  is  illustrated  in  .  the  python  script  ensuring  the  reposting  of  the  messages  missed  by  the  iot  server  is  given
__label__environmentmonitoring in  .  once  received  through  the  radio  link,  the  data  are  processed  and  stored  locally  at  the  gateway  for  further  use  or  backup.  prior  to  storing  data  locally  and  transmitting  them  to  the  iot  server,  the  data  are  processed  to  extract  the  fields  from  the  received  packets  using  the  xbee  library.  message  resubmission  after  internet  connection  code  fragment.  to  ensure  the  integrity  of  the  data  packets  when  internet  connection  is  lost,  the  gateway  detects  the  connection  failure,  stores  temporarily  untransmitted  packets  in  a  stack  and  then  posts  these  packets  using  past  timestamps  once  the  internet  connection  is  restored  again.  note
__label__environmentmonitoring that  if  only  0.01  of  the  data  storage  space  of  the  gateway  sd  card  is  reserved  for  the  stack,  data  can  be  restored  even  in  the  event  of  a  very  long  internet  interruption.  to  illustrate  this,  consider  a  gateway  fitted  with  an  sd  card  of  8  gb  storage  capacity,  6  gb  of  which  are  used  for  iaq  data  storage,  and  communicating  with  typically  five  sensor  nodes;  this  arrangement  requires  54.72  kb  for  storing  iaqm  data  in  the  sd  card  in  each  day  see  .  under  these  conditions,  the  stack  can  store  data  during0.01  6  gb/54.72  kb/day  11  days  of  internet
__label__environmentmonitoring disconnection.  the  iot  application  used  to  post  the  collected  data  is  the  emoncms,  which  is  a  powerful  opensource  webapp  developed  originally  for  processing,  logging  and  visualizing  energyrelated  data.  emoncms  provides  a  complete  hardware  and  software  solution  available  for  users.  the  software  is  very  specific  to  the  marketed  hardware  developed  for  the  project  openenergymonitor.org.  users  of  emoncms  are  invited  to  create  an  account  and  obtain  a  private  space  for  their  data.  for  each  new  account,  the  user  has  to  create  a  login  and  a  password,  and  the  system  generates  two  apikeys,  one  for  simply  reading  and  the  other  for  writing.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring webapplication  enables  the  user  to  setup  the  inputs,  feeds,  graph,  dashboard,  the  user  account  and  profile.  some  apis  are  provided  by  emoncms  for  data  input  posting  and  feeds  posting.  one  of  the  contributions  in  this  work  is  the  development  of  specific  and  personalized  software  suited  for  the  iaqm  project  without  the  need  for  the  specific  emoncms  hardware.  this  is  achieved  by  adapting  the  gateway  standard  raspberry  pi2  to  communicate  directly  with  emoncms  application.  simply  using  the  standard  api  provided  by  emoncms  and  the  write  apikey  related  to  the  created  account  does  posting  the  packets  of  iaqm  data  directly  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring gateway  to  emoncms.  usually  the  gateway  communicates  with  the  iot  application  using  a  specific  protocol  suited  for  devices  with  limited  resources  such  as  battery  capacity,  low  memory,  reduced  processing  capability  and  vulnerable  radio  conditions.  hence,  standard  tcp/ip  protocol  stack  is  not  useful  for  iot  devices.  in  the  new  protocols,  developed  for  iot  applications,  the  addressing,  such  as  in  ipv6,  is  considered  since  in  modern  applications  the  number  of  nodes  has  greatly  increased.  new  standard  for  iot  specific  protocols  was  developed:  ipv6  over  lowpower  wireless  personal  area  networks  6lowpan.  at  the  application  layer,  hypertext  transfer  protocol  http  is  the  wellknown  way
__label__environmentmonitoring to  retrieve  and  request  data  via  the  web  architecture.  embedded  devices  are,  in  contrast,  based  on  new  protocol  named  representation  state  transfer  restful,  which  is  compatible  with  http  for  devices  with  limited  resources.  for  the  application  layer,  the  internet  engineering  task  force  ietf  group  has  developed  a  specified  application  layer  protocol  for  the  iot,  called  constrained  application  protocol  coap.  message  queue  telemetry  transport  mqtt  is  a  protocol  layer  for  messaging  standardized  in  2003  ,  and  aims  to  connect  embedded  devices  with  applications  and  middleware.  data  is  posted  from  the  gateway  to  the  iot  platform  using  the  specific  apis  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring required  apikeys.  the  main  processes  running  continuously  in  the  gateway  are  scriptexecnew  and  scriptrestore  as  illustrated  in  the  screenshot  shown  in  .  scriptexecnew  calls  a  python  script,  which  manages  the  realtime  acquisition  of  the  messages  from  the  radio  interfaces  and  the  analysis  and  the  processing  of  these  messages  before  posting  them  to  the  remote  iot.  in  the  posting  script,  the  posting  api  provided  by  emoncms  returns  a  response  of  the  result  of  the  post.  the  process  checks  whether  data  have  been  successfully  received  at  the  iot  platform:  if  response.status  200  and  response.reason  ok  then  the  iot  webserver  has  successfully  received
__label__environmentmonitoring the  packet  otherwise  the  packet  is  not  posted  either  because  the  connection  is  not  established  or  because  the  write  apikey  is  not  correct.  in  that  event,  the  unposted  packet  is  added  to  a  stack.  another  process,  running  in  parallel,  is  idle  during  15  min,  and  then  wakes  up  to  check  if  the  stack  is  not  empty,  and  then  if  the  connection  is  restored.  a  python  script  running  in  the  gateway  manages  the  mechanism  of  resubmitting  messages  after  internet  disconnection.  this  script,  uses  as  entry,  the  stack  of  untransmitted  messages.  this  stack  consists  of  list  of  messages  stored  in  datafilesems.log.  as
__label__environmentmonitoring may  be  seen  in  the  code  fragment  in  ,  a  first  test  of  the  size  of  datafilesems.log  ensures  the  control  of  the  script.  starting  from  the  end,  the  last  message  is  posted  to  the  iot  using  its  timestamp.  this  enables  the  iot  to  place  the  packet  in  a  past  and  right  position,  identified  by  the  timestamp,  at  the  iot  database.  the  successfully  posted  message  is  then  deleted  from  the  stack  using  the  command  fileess.truncate.  the  process  of  posting  ends  when  the  stack  is  empty.  this  process  runs  again  after  fixed  time  duration  of  15  min  according  to  the  shell  script
__label__environmentmonitoring shown  in  .  the  main  scripts  running  in  the  gateway.  shell  script  managing  the  periodic  execution  of  the  message  resubmissions.  in  this  section,  we  will  focus  on  the  evaluation  of  the  performances  of  the  proposed  iaqm  system.  the  performance  of  the  communication  using  the  xbee  pro  radio  modules  is  evaluated  indoor  in  a  large  building  at  qatar  university,  doha,  qatar.  to  demonstrate  the  operation  of  the  proposed  iaqm  system,  sample  indoor  air  quality  data  are  collected  over  an  extended  period  in  two  remote  locations  at  qatar  university.  comprehensive  assessment  of  indoor  air  quality  in  various  locations  in  doha  will  be
__label__environmentmonitoring reported  in  a  dedicated  future  communication.  to  evaluate  the  communication  between  the  sensor  nodes  and  the  gateway  using  the  xbee  pro  radio  modules,  the  packet  loss  rate  was  evaluated  inside  one  of  the  floors  of  the  main  library  building  at  qatar  university.  the  selected  building  is  large  and  includes  various  obstacles  e.g.,  glass,  concrete  and  brick  walls,  large  wooden  doors  and  metal  book  shelves.  shows  the  floor  plan  layout  of  the  floor  used  in  these  tests.  the  gateway  was  installed  in  a  central  location,  1.5  m  from  the  floor,  in  the  building  as  shown  in  the  figure.  the  sensor  node
__label__environmentmonitoring was  then  positioned,  1.5  m  from  the  floor,  at  various  locations  labelled  a  to  r  in  ;  this  allowed  assessment  of  data  loss  under  different  scenarios  the  end  device  and  the  gateway  can  be  separated  by  glass,  concrete  or  brick  walls,  and  various  combinations  of  these.  the  transmitting  sensor  node  was  configured  as  end  device  and  the  gateway  as  coordinator;  both  operated  in  the  api  mode.  from  each  sensor  node  location,  5000  data  packets  each  made  up  of  114  bytes  have  been  transmitted  to  the  gateway,  in  both  unicast  and  broadcast  transmission  modes  separately.  assessment  of  the  number  of  packets
__label__environmentmonitoring successfully  received  by  the  gateway  enables  determination  of  the  packet  loss  probability  in  each  transmission  mode  for  each  node  location.  for  the  broadcast  transmission,  the  end  device  sends  three  successive  packets  and  the  receiver  do  not  transmit  any  acknowledgment  or  transmission  status.  however,  for  the  unicast  mode,  the  end  device  sends  one  packet  and  waits  for  acknowledgment.  if  the  acknowledgment  is  negative,  it  resends  the  packet  until  successful  transmission  or  elapsed  fixed  time  out  of  5  s,  which  stops  the  transmission  and  considers  that  packet  is  lost.  floor  plan  of  qatar  university  library  building  used  for  evaluating  packet  loss  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  radio  transmission  channel.  the  results  in  show  that  the  obstacles  and  their  numbers  are  the  main  factors  affecting  transmission  hence  deliverability,  and  that  the  unicast  transmission  is  superior  to  the  broadcast  counterpart.  in  addition,  these  results  show  that  transmission  through  the  double  and  triple  obstacles  is  strongly  attenuated  and  the  packet  loss  probability  is  very  high  particularly  for  broadcast  transmission.  in  cases  of  double  and  triple  concrete  wall  obstacles  as  in  positions  m,  o,  p  and  q,  packet  loss  of  unicast  transmission  is  at  least  50  lower  than  that  of  broadcast  transmission.  for  single  concrete  walls  as  in  positions
__label__environmentmonitoring h,  i,  j,  k,  and  l,  the  unicast  transmission  remains  very  reliable,  with  packet  loss  probability  close  to  zero;  however,  for  the  broadcast  transmission,  the  packet  loss  is  very  high.  for  simple  and  double  glass  wall  obstacles  as  in  positions  a,  b,  c,  d  and  e,  the  packet  loss  probabilities  for  both  unicast  and  broadcast  transmission  are  close  to  zero.  percentage  of  packet  loss  for  the  various  locations  of  the  radio  transmitter  shown  in  .  sample  iaqm  results  have  been  obtained  in  qatar  university  campus  using  the  proposed  system.  the  chosen  locations  are:  i  a  large  openspace  office  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring research  building  of  the  college  of  engineering;  and  ii  a  chemical  engineering  research  lab.  fulltime  researchers  who  report  to  work  from  7:30  a.m.  to  3:15  p.m.,  five  days  per  week,  use  the  office  space.  this  office  space  is  ventilated  through  a  central  air  conditioning  system.  the  laboratory  is  used  by  a  limited  number  of  researchers,  and  is  accessible  by  authorized  users  through  rfidcontrolled  doors;  this  lab  is  equipped  with  fumehoods  and  is  ventilated  through  the  central  airconditioning  system.  gives  a  screenshot  of  the  office  space  results  as  displayed  by  the  online  iot  emoncms  of  the  proposed  system.  the  emoncms  allows
__label__environmentmonitoring the  user  to  select  a  time  window  of  iaqm  results  up  to  one  year;  the  results  shown  are  for  one  week  starting  22  december  2017.  one  may  notice  that,  during  working  days,  the  co  concentration  starts  rising  at  7:00  a.m.  and  begins  to  fall  around  4:00  p.m.;  the  concentration  peaks  around  1000  ppm,  which  is  the  recommended  limit  for  eighthour  exposure  according  to  who  and  ashrae  guidelines.  during  the  weekend  days  friday  and  saturday,  the  co  concentrations  are  very  low,  explained  by  the  absence  of  activities  in  the  office,  except  for  the  cleaning  activity  on  saturday,  which  results  in  a
__label__environmentmonitoring slight  increase  in  co  levels  in  the  building.  the  o  levels  are  around  0.2  ppm  and  appear  to  be  five  times  higher  than  the  recommended  eighthour  exposure  limit  0.05  ppm  set  by  who;  nevertheless  the  0.2  ppm  is  within  the  sensors  accuracy  see  and  hence  it  is  recommended  to  change  the  o  sensor  with  a  more  accurate  and  a  lower  measurement  range  one.  the  levels  of  co  around  1  ppm  are  well  below  the  whorecommended  eighthour  exposure  limit  of  9  ppm;  however,  the  1  ppm  accuracy  of  the  sensor  does  not  enable  accurate  measurement  of  the  co  concentration  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring range  encountered  in  our  application.  the  cl  levels  are  around  0.05  ppm;  these  are  slightly  above  the  who  limit  of  0.034  ppm  although  the  widely  accepted  15min  exposure  limit  is  0.5  ppm  ,  .  the  no  levels  appear  to  be  around  ten  times  higher  than  the  onehour  exposure  limit  of  0.1  ppm  set  by  the  us  environmental  protection  agency  epa  .  note  that,  given  that  no  sensors  accuracy  of  0.1  ppm,  this  does  not  seem  adequate  for  checking  compliance  with  epa  limit.  it  is  important  to  note  that  the  co  and  no  levels  show  high  correlation  ;  these  pollutants  are
__label__environmentmonitoring likely  generated  by  the  nearby  traffic  and  by  the  gas  processing  facilities  located  north  of  doha.  the  results  of  so  measurements  indicate  traces,  which  cannot  be  detected  by  the  sensor  used;  the  accuracy  of  this  sensor  is  0.1  ppm.  in  the  us,  various  states  recommend  3h  exposure  limit  of  0.5  ppm  .  the  cl  levels  stayed  around  0.05  ppm  in  the  office  space.  indoor  air  quality  data  as  displayed  by  the  online  emoncms  iot  collected  in  an  office  space  at  qatar  university  during  december  2017.  depicts  iaqm  results  obtained  in  a  chemical  engineering  lab  during  the  period  9  december  2017
__label__environmentmonitoring to  9  january  2018.  in  this  lab,  the  students  manipulate  experiments  involving  several  gases  such  co  ,  cl  ,  and  co.  from  the  co  results,  we  noticed  that  co  concentration  is  mainly  dependent  on  the  presence  of  students  and  on  the  time  when  their  experiments  release  co  gas.  the  results  depict  sensing  of  occasional  traces  of  co,  cl  ,  no  and  so  released  by  some  of  the  experiments  carried  out  in  the  laboratory.  in  addition,  as  we  interpreted  before,  we  notice  that  co  and  no  levels  are  correlated.  emoncms  iotdisplayed  indoor  air  quality  data  collected  in  a  chemical  engineering  research
__label__environmentmonitoring lab  of  qatar  university  9  december  2017  to  9  january  2018.  this  work  presented  a  modular  endtoend  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  iaqm  system  made  up  of  a  wireless  sensors  network,  gateways  and  an  iot  server.  the  system  enables  monitoring  of  six  gases  in  addition  to  temperature  and  humidity  at  different  sites  simultaneously.  the  reliability  of  radio  communication  between  sensing  nodes  and  gateways,  and  the  internet  communication  reliability  between  the  gateways  and  servers  has  been  particularly  addressed.  this  is  implemented  by  a  backup  and  data  resubmission  mechanism  in  the  case  of  radio  communication  failure  or  internet  disconnection.  additionally,  the  modularity  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  system  allows  scalability  and  hence  the  system  may  integrate  a  large  or  limited  number  of  sensors  nodes  to  suit  different  applications.  the  design  details  of  the  hardware  and  software  components  of  the  endtoend  system  have  been  described.  in  addition,  the  collected  data  were  thoroughly  discussed  and  recommendations  were  provided.  the  developed  platform  will  be  used  to  collect  iaq  data  in  various  locations  in  dohaqatar,  and  over  an  extended  period  covering  different  seasons.  the  same  platform  can  also  be  easily  modified  to  assess  air  quality  in  relation  to  gases  such  as  voc  other  than  those  described  in  this  work.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring choice  of  iaq  parameters  depends  on  the  environment  in  which  the  study  is  performed  since  the  sources  of  pollution  differ  from  one  place  to  another.  this  publication  was  made  possible  by  the  national  priority  research  program  nprp  award  nprp66002250  from  the  qatar  national  research  fund  qnrf,  a  member  of  the  qatar  foundation.  its  contents  are  solely  the  responsibility  of  the  authors  and  do  not  necessarily  represent  the  official  views  of  qnrf.  m.b.  led  the  entire  research  project;  m.b.  and  f.t.  conceived  and  designed  the  experiments;  a.a.  and  s.h.m.a.  performed  the  experiments;  all  authors  analyzed  the  data;  m.b.  and  a.a.  wrote
__label__environmentmonitoring cities  and  towns  use  fixed  air  quality  monitoring  apparatus  to  measure  pollution  levels  in  a  given  location.  iot  technology  and  mobile  air  quality  monitoring  reduces  fixed  monitoring  stations  measure  air  quality  to  extremely  high  levels  of  accuracy,  with  some  gases  measured  in  parts  per  billion  ppb.  by  their  very  nature,  fixed  monitoring  stations  only  measure  air  pollution  and  particulates  in  one  location.  highaccuracy  test  equipment  comes  at  a  price,  which  makes  it  difficult  for  a  council  or  local  authority  to  achieve  coverage  of  an  entire  town  or  population  centre.  to  do  so  would  require  several  hundred  fixed  monitoring  stations  which
__label__environmentmonitoring would  command  a  significant  investment  and  a  level  of  ongoing  maintenance.  developments  in  iot  technology  has  introduced  a  range  of  comparatively  inexpensive  airquality  and  pollution  sensors.  while  many  lowend  iot  sensors  lack  the  highdegrees  of  accuracy  that  fixed  stations  provide,  they  still  offer  a  good  indication  of  air  quality  and  pollution.  rather  than  measuring  gases  in  partsperbillion  ppb,  think  more  along  the  lines  of  a  traffic  light  system  redbad,  amberwarning,  greenok.  with  particulates  which  is  a  vital  component  of  the  air  quality  index  aqi  iot  sensors  are  just  as  accurate  and  a  fraction  of  the  price.  the  is  a  standard
__label__environmentmonitoring for  measuring  and  indicating  air  quality  and  pollution  levels.  iot  sensors  can  automatically  send  data  back  to  the  cloud  using  several  different  technologies.  the  most  common  method  would  be  using  3g/4g  sim  cards,  or  in  many  areas,  the  sensors  may  be  able  to  use  a  low  powered  wireless  solution.  many  areas  of  the  british  isles  have  already  deployed  lora  networks,  notably  scotland  which  has  an  a  .  a  lora  or  4g  network  serves  as  an  excellent  enabler  for  mobile  air  quality  monitoring.  we  have  trialled  mobile  air  quality  monitoring  in  the  isle  of  man  using  the  island  as  an  initial
__label__environmentmonitoring base  for  tech  trials.  we  build  our  iot  mobile  air  quality  solution  using  the  following  components:  the  answer  is  simple  local  authorities  and  councils  can  rapidly  assess  airquality  across  vast  areas  of  their  area.  while  this  will  not  deliver  laboratorygrade  results,  the  iot  sensors  will  provide  a  good  indication  of  air  quality  across  large  areas.  not  only  will  this  give  policymakers  a  highlevel  view  of  the  area  in  heatmap  form,  but  it  may  highlight  areas  that  require  more  focused  measurement.  all  measurements  taken  by  the  system  include  gps  coordinates  and  timestamps  so  that  data  can  be  analysed  by  timeofday,  location
__label__environmentmonitoring and  crossreferenced  against  weather  data.  many  cities  are  striving  for  smart  city  status  where  air  quality  forms  a  vital  part  of  the  equation.  manx  technology  group  is  still  developing  the  technology  and  analysing  data  sets,  but  the  system  is  ready  for  commercial  deployment  and  further  development.  if  your  council,  local  authority  or  organisation  would  like  to  undertake  mobile  air  quality  testing  please  get  in  touch.  you  can  reach  us  by  phone  ,  or  by  submitting  a  form  on  our  website.  further  reading  2018  manx  technology  group  registered  in  the  isle  of  man  124310c  vat  number  gb004925592  minerva  house,  ballafletcher,  douglas,
__label__environmentmonitoring isle  of  man,  im4  4qj  we  are  using  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  experience  on  our  website.  by  continuing  you  are  agreeing  to  their  use.  this  website  uses  cookies  so  that  we  can  provide  you  with  the  best  user  experience  possible.  cookie  information  is  stored  in  your  browser  and  performs  functions  such  as  recognising  you  when  you  return  to  our  website  and  helping  our  team  to  understand  which  sections  of  the  website  you  find  most  interesting  and  useful.  more  information  please  see  here  this  website  uses  google  analytics  and  similar  services  to  collect  anonymous  information  such  as  the  number
__label__environmentmonitoring of  visitors  to  the  site  and  the  most  popular  pages.  keeping  this  cookie  enabled  helps  us  to  improve  our  website  and  services.  please  enable  strictly  necessary  cookies  first  so  that  we  can  save  your  preferences  more  information  about  our
__label__environmentmonitoring reset  your  password  if  you  have  a  user  account,  you  will  need  to  reset  your  password  the  next  time  you  login.  you  will  only  need  to  do  this  once.  .  you  do  not  need  to  reset  your  password  if  you  login  via  athens  or  an  institutional  login.  article  breadcrumb  tile  start  start  copyright  end  copyright  ,  ,  article  breadcrumb  tile  end  start  focus  issue  title  end  focus  issue  title  1138  share  this  article  department  of  electrical  engineering  education,  universitas  pendidikan  indonesia,  jl.  dr.  setiabudhi  no.  207,  bandung  40154,  indonesia  f  n  setiawan  and  i  kustiawan  2018  iop  conf.  ser.:  mater.
__label__environmentmonitoring sci.  eng.  384  012008  air  pollution  is  a  mixture  of  solid  particles  and  gases  in  the  air.  car  emissions,  chemicals  from  factories,  dust,  pollen  and  mold  spores  may  be  suspended  as  particles.  effect  of  air  pollution  has  many  bad  things  and  the  others  may  cause  problems  to  our  health,  for  instance,  asthma,  cough,  and  lung  disorders.  in  addition,  the  pollutant  can  cause  global  warning,  acid  rain,  and  disturbing  plant  growth.  basically,  a  human  cannot  determine  whether  the  air  is  good  or  not.  hence,  it  is  necessary  to  have  a  tool  that  can  measure  the  air  quality.  this  research  is  purposed
__label__environmentmonitoring to  design  an  air  quality  monitoring  system  by  utilizing  esp8266  module.  as  the  result,  users  can  monitor  the  air  quality  using  smartphone  connected  through  esp8266  wifi.  therefore  the  air  condition  can  be  monitored  every  time.  currently,  there  is  so  much  air  pollution  cases  that  actually  can  be  changed  if  we  are  aware.  in  other  words  we  can  contribute  as  part  of  the  solution  instead  part  of  the  pollution.  content  from  this  work  may  be  used  under  the  terms  of  the  .  any  further  distribution  of  this  work  must  maintain  attribution  to  the  authors  and  the  title  of  the  work,  journal
__label__environmentmonitoring citation  and  doi.  2017  14th  ieee  annu.  consum.  commun.  netw.  conf.  ccnc  2017  2016  ieee  international  wie  conference  on  electrical  and  computer  engineering  wieconece  1921  december  2016  2016  5th  mediterr.  conf.  embed.  comput.  meco  2016  incl.  ecyps  2016,  bioeng.med  2016,  meco  student  chall  proc.  7th  ieee  int.  adv.  comput.  conf.  iacc  2017  proc.  2015  fed.  conf.  comput.  sci.  inf.  syst.  fedcsis  2015  5  area  and  power  analysis  of  adiabatic  2x1multiplexer  designon  65nm  cmos  technology  proc.  2016  6th  int.  conf.  cloud  syst.  big  data  eng.  conflu.  2016  monitoring  health  status  of  relatives  the  smoke  in  the  c  himney  approach  international  conference
__label__environmentmonitoring published  august  17,  2018  the  business  of  extracting  and  transporting  oil  and  gas  is  filled  with  challenges.  to  stay  competitive,  companies  in  this  industry  must  continually  strive  to  produce  crude  oil  and  refined  products  at  a  lower  cost.  they  are  also  constantly  looking  to  enhance  and  extend  the  value  of  their  existing  assets  while  also  searching  for  new  oil  and  gas  reserves.  and  environmental  standards  are  becoming  increasingly  stringent,  requiring  transparency  in  operations  and  tighter  controls  on  production  and  distribution.  to  overcome  these  challenges,  oil  and  gas  companies  worldwide  are  thinking  creatively  once  again.  keep  in  mind  that  challenges  like
__label__environmentmonitoring these  arent  necessarily  new  to  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  for  the  past  few  decades,  theres  been  a  huge  incentive  to  improve  efficiencies  and  reduce  downtime,  which  has  led  to  the  implementation  of  things  like  predictive  analytics  and  machine  learning.  some  would  classify  these  as  being  part  of  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot,  but  my  definition  of  iot  is  a  narrower  one,  referring  specifically  to  connected  sensors  and  controllers  and  everything  upstream  of  thatthings  that  create  data  or  can  take  action  based  on  command.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  now,  analytics  data  is  becoming  easier  to  acquire
__label__environmentmonitoring thanks  to  the  iot.  connectivity  technology  is  improving,  sensors  are  cheaper,  low  power  technology  is  available,  and  batteries  can  last  longer.  all  those  developments  mean  oil  and  gas  companies  can  use  more  sensors  in  more  places  to  monitor  machinery  and  environmental  conditionsespecially  at  that  last  mile,  where  affordable  connectivity  was  previously  not  an  option.  within  this  article,  well  first  explore  how  the  traditional  methods  oil  and  gas  companies  use  for  monitoring  are  changing.  well  then  look  at  several  use  cases  where  can  offer  a  unique  hybrid  solution  for  m2m  applications  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  oil  and  gas  companies
__label__environmentmonitoring typically  have  numerous  remote  assets  that  require  monitoring.  traditionally,  theyve  utilized  the  following  monitoring  methods:  each  of  these  solutions  has  benefits  and  considerations  to  take  into  account.  the  main  considerations  are:  as  the  market  has  grown  and  expanded  over  the  past  several  years,  some  oil  and  gas  companies  are  looking  to  take  what  used  to  be  wired  and  make  it  wireless,  so  they  can  further  consolidate  their  connections.  solutions  allow  these  companies  to  do  things  in  a  more  ad  hoc  way.  for  instance,  theyre  able  to  add  100  sensors  in  a  single  well,  and  then  add  another  1,000  sensors  when
__label__environmentmonitoring they  deem  necessary.  this  is  far  easier  with  wireless  technologies  than  it  is  for  plc  and  other  wired  systems.  note:  because  the  process  of  monitoring  wells  is  highly  complex  with  a  lot  of  moving  parts  and  a  lot  of  value,  it  may  not  always  make  sense  to  use  wireless  technologyeven  if  its  available.  this  can  only  be  determined  on  a  casebycase  basis.  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  still  evolving  when  it  comes  to  realizing  the  full  value  of  the  iot;  it  hasnt  yet  revolutionized  oil  and  gas  like  it  has  other  industries.  however,  the  iot  is  making  it  a
__label__environmentmonitoring lot  easier  for  companies  to  collect  vital  information,  which  has  led  to  more  informed  business  decisions.  connected  wireless  technology  is  helping  the  oil  and  gas  industries:  wireless  iot  allows  companies  to  monitor  more  things  using  sensorlevel  technology,  take  fewer  readings  by  hand,  and  gather  more  data  and  information  in  order  to  better  optimize  business  processes.  i  cant  speak  to  whats  going  on  behind  the  scenes  with  big  data,  but  i  can  speak  to  the  fact  that  sensordriven  iot  can  make  the  process  of  gathering  this  data  substantially  easier.  for  instance,  its  important  for  even  a  small  oil  company  to  have
__label__environmentmonitoring solid  well  optimization  to  increase  its  profitability.  if  the  company  is  drilling  a  new  well,  it  has  to  inject  chemicals  into  the  well  to  keep  rocks  from  building  up,  which  provides  viscosity  to  pull  the  rocks  up  as  the  company  is  drilling.  once  the  well  is  online  and  producing,  the  company  has  to  do  a  balance  of  pressure,  make  sure  the  temperatures  are  correct,  ensure  it  is  extracting  the  right  quantities  of  oil,  and  so  on.  when  there  are  more  data  points  about  the  microscopic  conditions  in  a  well  ranging  from  temperatures,  pressures,  rates,  chemical  compositions,  viscosity,  etc.,  the  company
__label__environmentmonitoring is  able  to  collect  the  necessary  data,  run  postproduction  analysis,  optimize  current  and  future  drilling  processes,  and  hopefully  increase  its  market  share  and  profitability.  this  is  reminiscent  of  and  their  progression  toward  wireless.  like  oil  and  gas,  industrial  automation  has  been  around  for  a  very  long  time.  these  companies  began  using  original  wired  iot  technologies  to  drive  costs  down  and  connect  parts  of  their  controlled  networks.  but  as  wireless  sensor  automation  became  more  prevalent  in  the  marketand  thus,  more  accessiblethese  companies  could  use  wireless  sensors  to  connect  more  easily,  capture  more  data,  analyze  that  information,  and  improve  their  processes.  lets
__label__environmentmonitoring take  a  look  at  some  of  the  ways  oil  and  gas  companies  are  using  the  iot  to  gather  that  actionable  data,  thereby  improving  operations.  the  iot  use  cases  that  are  currently  generating  the  most  value  for  the  oil  and  gas  industry  center  around  lowering  nonproductive  time  npt.  nptwhich  can  be  caused  by  anything  from  inclement  weather  to  equipment  failureshas  a  major  impact  on  revenue,  accounting  for  about  of  total  drilling  costs.  the  iot  is  helping  companies  combat  npt  by  allowing  them  to  perform  better  predictive  maintenance,  more  accurately  predict  failures,  and  detect  leaks  quicklyessentially,  to  find  problems  before  they  start.
__label__environmentmonitoring but  building  an  iot  oil  and  gas  network  for  an  area  that  is  sparsely  populated  or  isolated  can  be  quite  challenging.  theres  often  not  the  necessary  consistency  in  node  placement  for  a  ,  cellular  coverage  is  often  unavailable,  and  satellite  and  wired  connections  are  very  costly.  in  many  cases,  low  power  wide  area  lpwan  networks  offer  a  good  alternative  for  m2m  communication  in  oil  and  gas.  most  offshore  oil  and  gas  production  is  done  in  fairly  extreme  environments  where  there  are  few  existing  communication  networks  available,  which  makes  monitoring  temperatures,  pressures,  flow  rates,  and  other  characteristics  tricky  and  expensive.  often,
__label__environmentmonitoring cellular  networks  arent  an  option.  and  while  you  could  use  a  wifi  network  or  a  mesh  network,  youd  likely  have  to  overengineer  it  for  it  to  be  functional.  to  deal  with  these  realities,  critical  data  is  typically  extracted  through  the  use  of  satellite  communications  or  wired  networks,  both  of  which  come  at  a  steep  cost.  using  lpwans,  you  can  connect  a  lot  more  monitoring  points  relatively  inexpensively.  for  instance,  you  could  connect  xx  leak  detectors  on  xx  wells  located  within  a  xxsquare  mile  area  on  an  lpwan  network.  each  of  those  detectors  then  sends  information  back  to  a  central  point,
__label__environmentmonitoring which  is  connected  to  a  satellite.  or,  the  data  could  simply  be  processed  onsite,  depending  on  the  companys  wants  and  needs.  a  hybrid  solution  like  this  one  allows  you  to  collect  much  more  data  than  the  traditional  monitoring  method.  lpwans  can  also  be  helpful  in  measuring  salinity  to  ensure  there  are  no  watertofuel  leaks  and  monitoring  equipment  and  personnel  onsite.  in  an  oil  and  gas  refinery,  the  internet  of  things  could  be  used  to  monitor  things  like  pipe  thickness,  flow  rate,  pipe  pressure,  and  more.  if  these  areas  are  accessible  to  human  personnel,  a  lot  of  measurements  are  typically  logged
__label__environmentmonitoring by  hand.  but  logging  this  amount  of  information  by  hand  is  a  timeconsuming  job,  and  fairly  costly  for  the  company.  keep  in  mind  that  some  areas  of  a  refinery  need  to  be  measured  in  exact  realtimefor  instance,  a  valve  that  needs  to  be  controlled  based  on  a  flow  rate  being  monitored  elsewhere.  in  that  case,  a  change  in  flow  rate  would  require  almost  instantaneous  control  of  the  valve.  with  most  radio  systems,  its  hard  to  guarantee  data  is  being  sent  in  realtime  with  100  accuracylpwan  systems  arent  typically  designed  for  extremely  high  throughputs.  so  if  readings  need  to  be  taken
__label__environmentmonitoring every  fraction  of  a  second,  the  refinery  will  likely  rely  on  a  wired  system.  but  what  the  internet  of  things  iot  does  allow  for  is  hitting  more  points  for  more  accurate  data.  for  example,  many  aspects  of  a  refinery  are  engineered  with  specific  levels  of  uncertainty  because  they  simply  cant  be  measured.  for  example,  a  particular  part  of  the  refinery  may  not  be  able  to  run  at  the  same  pressure  as  it  would  if  more  reading  points  were  available.  to  solve  that  problem,  the  iot  could  provide  greater  insight  and  extra  data  about  the  flow,  allowing  the  refinery  to  run
__label__environmentmonitoring at  higher  capacity.  the  iot  network  would  also  save  the  refinery  money  by  limiting  the  personnel  needed  to  manually  monitor,  or  the  amount  of  equipment  that  requires  wired  communications.  one  of  the  primary  concerns  with  oil  and  gas  pipelines  is  leakage,  and  the  financial,  environmental,  and  reputational  damage  it  could  cause.  if  methane  gas  is  released  without  being  burned,  it  has,  pound  for  pound,  about  25  times  the  impact  on  climate  change  than  carbon  dioxide  has  theres  also  a  high  explosion  risk  for  a  gas  leak  when  its  exposed  to  atmospheric  pressure.  and  while  oil  doesnt  hold  a  risk  of
__label__environmentmonitoring explosion,  there  are  major  risks  associated  with  pipeline  leaks.  companies  could  lose  their  assets,  and  their  pollution  could  potentially  lead  to  astronomical  fines.  prior  to  the  iot,  satellite  internet  monitored  key  points  in  the  pipeline  and  extrapolated  data  to  measure  total  system  performance.  with  the  integration  of  oil  and  gas  solutions,  more  key  points  can  be  monitored  for  less  money.  the  iot  can  also  help  monitor  pipeline  components,  like  pumps  and  filters.  without  a  smart  system,  a  company  would  have  to  send  someone  to  perform  periodic,  routine  maintenance  every  three  months,  for  example.  but  with  the  extra  data  the  company
__label__environmentmonitoring could  gather  from  its  iot  system,  it  may  be  able  to  wait  for  maintenance  and  pump  and  filter  replacement  until  the  performance  of  the  system  starts  to  decline  though  some  amount  of  preventative  maintenance  will  prudently  still  be  performed.  today,  there  are  several  companieslike  previously  pumpwell  and  that  provide  iot  solutions  for  wellhead  and  pumpjack  monitoring  and  other  gas  and  oil  monitoring  needs.  according  to  wellaware,  help  companies  reduce  lease  operating  expenses,  minimize  unplanned  downtime,  and  ensure  safety  and  regulatory  compliance.  data  companies  collect  feeds  into  a  platform  that  may  tell  the  company,  for  example,  if  they  should  be  injecting
__label__environmentmonitoring more  chemicals  or  steam  into  the  well,  or  what  kind  of  vacuum  pressures  are  optimal  given  the  conditions.  theres  a  lot  that  goes  into  the  oil  and  gas  extraction  process,  and  iot  devices  make  monitoring  and  gathering  data  on  these  things  easier.  the  visual  below,  created  by  ,  describes  some  of  the  common  threats  to  well  performance.  oil  and  gas  is  similar  to  the  offshore  use  case  in  that  theres  typically  no  connectivity  in  the  middle  of  the  ocean  other  than  satellite  internet.  if  you  want  to  collect  data  from  around  your  ship,  ,  your  options  are  limited.  lpwans  allow
__label__environmentmonitoring you  to  remotely  monitor  parts  of  the  ship  that  personnel  dont  regularly  go  to  or  are  nearly  impossible  to  access.  this  adds  a  layer  of  both  safety  and  convenience.  while  some  elements  of  oil  and  gas  cargo  ships  have  to  be  wired  due  to  realtime  needs  of  the  propulsion  plant,  some  nonoperational  elementstemperatures,  pressures,  flows,  etc.dont  need  to  be  backhauled  using  satellite,  or  connected  in  real  time.  therefore,  small  iot  networks  can  be  great  alternatives  to  wired  sensors  and  gages.  the  dynamic  nature  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry  can  make  inventory  planning  and  optimization  difficult.  the  iot  can  help
__label__environmentmonitoring with  procurement  planning  and  scheduling.  for  example,  refineries  could  use  sensors  to  detect  which  types  of  crude  oil  or  crude  oil  blends  are  incoming  and/or  where  each  type  is  stored.  having  this  data  available  would  be  valuable  for  production  and  operation  decisions.  it  could  also  be  used  to  measure  crude  composition  for  inventory  purposes.  smart  oil  and  gas  have  been,  and  will  continue  to  be,  longevolving  processes.  didnt  dramatically  change  these  fields,  but  wireless  technology  does  put  gas  and  oil  companies  at  a  unique  advantage.  in  fact,  i  believe  they  are  wellpositioned  to  make  some  of  their  biggest  strides  now
__label__environmentmonitoring that  connecting  things  is  cheaper  and  the  technology  is  more  sophisticated  than  ever.  if  companies  can  collect  information  and  thus,  run  further  data  analysis  with  a  limited  number  of  endpoints,  imagine  how  much  could  be  done  with  more  granular  information.  connectivity  isnt  an  issue  for  everyone  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  if  you  have  access  to  cellular  networks,  and  what  youre  monitoring  is  highvalue  enough  to  merit  the  price  tag,  you  may  not  need  lpwan  technology.  but  if  youre  looking  to  improve  operational  efficiencies  and  cut  costs  in  a  number  of  ways,  this  information  may  help  you  take  on
__label__environmentmonitoring incumbents  in  the  market.  if  youre  dealing  with  connectivity  problems  in  your  oil  and  gas  application,  to  see  how  we  can  help.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before  starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for
__label__environmentmonitoring the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights  reserved.  the  lora  name,  lora  logo  and  lorawan  are  trademarks  of  semtech  corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  in  the  u.s.  and/or  other  countries.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  making  headway  in  realizing  the  potential  of  iotbymaking  things  much  easier  for  companies  to  carry  out  their  daily  operations.  heres  how  the  use  of  iot  in  oil  and  gas  operations  is  transforming  the  industry:  drilling  is  a  major  part  of  oil  and  gas  industry  procedures.  the  internet  of  things  proves  to  be  a  boon  for  enhancing  efficiency  inthe  drilling  procedure.  as  the  rig  digs  deep,  it  leads  to  potentially  dangerous  circumstances.  rig  operators  must  take  precise  measurements  to  extract  oil  by  drilling.  if  deepwater  drilling  is  carried  out  in  the  wrong  way  it  leads
__label__environmentmonitoring to  mishaps.  iot  devices  are  beneficial  for  minimizing  risks  and  carrying  out  tough  operations  seamlessly.  smart  devices  also  alert  concerned  personnel  well  in  advance  about  any  drilling  errors  using  the  data  received  from  sensors.  pipeline  leakage  is  one  of  the  major  issues  faced  by  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  it  leads  to  major  financial,  environmental,  and  reputational  damage  to  the  company.  iot  helps  monitor  the  pipeline  system  and  its  components  like  pipes,  pumps,  and  filters.  without  iot,  companies  have  to  rely  on  human  resources  to  carry  out  periodic  routine  checks  and  maintenance.  iot  helps  cut  down  on  manual  checks  as
__label__environmentmonitoring it  can  monitor  pipelines  in  realtime.  the  realtime  data  can  help  in  significantly  reducing  major  hazards  that  are  associated  with  pipeline  leakages  and  other  unwanted  situations.  employees  can  be  quickly  put  in  use  to  fix  any  issues  which  may  result  in  significant  danger.  another  advantage  of  using  iot  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  the  efficient  management  of  employees  and  the  plant.  employees  will  be  required  to  carry  out  maintenance  only  when  an  abnormality  is  detected.  this  eliminates  the  need  for  periodic  human  inspection,  and  human  resources  can  be  managed  efficiently.  moreover,  planned  shutdowns  and  efficient  management  of  materials
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  done  using  iot.  iot  helps  monitor  things  like  pipe  pressure,  flow  rate,  among  other  performance  parameters.  a  lot  of  measurement  and  data  is  required  regarding  every  component  of  the  refinery.  this  is  timeconsuming  and  costs  the  company  a  lot  if  done  manually.  some  areas  need  precise  measurements  in  realtime.  for  example,  a  certain  valve  may  need  to  be  controlled  based  on  the  flowrate  monitored  at  some  other  place.  in  such  a  case,  a  change  in  the  flow  rate  would  require  an  instantaneous  control  of  the  valve.  the  iot  allows  for  more  data  collection  accurately  at  places  cant  be
__label__environmentmonitoring accessed  by  human  resources.  sensors  can  be  placed  at  various  points  that  are  hard  to  access  by  employees  and  can  provide  more  data.  this  helps  for  the  roundtheclock  monitoring  of  the  refinery.  ,  the  oil  and  gas  companies  can  improve  their  production  by  6  to  8  with  proper  utilization  of  data.  most  offshore  oil  and  gas  production  is  done  in  extreme  environments.  there  are  very  few  communication  networks  available  at  these  rigs.  monitoring  temperatures,  pressures,  and  other  equipment  monitoring  become  a  difficult  task  and  an  expensive  one  too.  iot  helps  overcome  these  hurdles  to  provide  an  efficient  monitoring  system.  using
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  a  lot  more  monitoring  points  can  be  connected.  this  implementation  provides  a  relatively  inexpensive  solution  for  offshore  oil  and  gas  rig  monitoring.  multiple  leak  detectors  can  be  connected  to  oil  wells  within  a  large  area.  each  of  these  detectors  can  send  the  data  to  a  central  point  in  realtime.  the  data  can  then  be  leveraged  to  monitor  the  drilling  and  oil  extraction  process  remotely.  realtime  ship  and  fleet  monitoring  is  a  very  important  aspect  for  fleet  managers.  oil  and  gas  cargo  ship  monitoring  is  similar  to  its  offshore  equivalent.  theres  no  connectivity  at  the  ocean,  and  the  workers  have
__label__environmentmonitoring to  rely  on  satellite  internet.  there  are  limited  options  available  if  the  workers  need  data  from  around  the  ship.  the  data  from  these  ships  is  huge  in  itself.  iot  provides  for  easy  data  collection  from  these  points.  lpwans  provide  easy  monitoring  options  for  parts  of  a  ship  that  arent  frequented  by  ship  personnel.  sensory  monitoring  devices  provide  safety  as  well  as  convenience  in  gathering  data  from  points  that  are  not  easily  accessible.  some  elements  of  cargo  ships  have  to  be  wired  due  to  realtime  needs,  whereas  some  nonoperational  elements  dont  need  to  be  connected  in  realtime.  therefore,  small  iot  networks
__label__environmentmonitoring prove  to  be  a  great  alternative  to  wired  sensors.  oil  and  gas  sites  are  usually  found  at  dangerous  and  remote  locations.  the  conditions  at  these  sites  prove  to  be  a  hazard  for  the  employees  working  at  these  locations.  iot  solutions  provide  for  remote  monitoring  of  equipment  and  operations,  no  longer  requiring  individuals  to  go  to  a  site  without  prior  knowledge  of  the  situation  at  hand.  connected  sensors  and  image  vision  can  provide  an  accurate  detail  of  the  situation  and  help  decide  the  safest  course  of  action.  iot  in  oil  and  gas  can  help  reduce  deaths  and  injuries  caused  to  employees
__label__environmentmonitoring significantly.  the  fatality  rates  among  oil  and  gas  employees  are  decreasing,  and  iot  can  help  bring  down  the  number  to  a  greater  extent.  accidents  can  prove  to  be  expensive  to  the  companies  financially  as  well  as  damage  the  reputation  of  the  company.  by  using  iotenabled  safety  measures,  oil  and  gas  companies  can  provide  their  workers  with  a  safe  working  environment.  the  companies  can  also  benefit  from  lower  insurance  and  corporate  liability.  the  implementation  of  iot  in  oil  and  gas  operations  results  in  the  efficient  working  of  the  industry.  iot  solutions  prove  beneficial  financially  as  well  as  environmentally.  with  efficient  management
__label__environmentmonitoring and  working  of  the  plant,  the  carbon  emissions  generated  by  them  can  be  reduced  significantly.  it  helps  lower  the  environmental  footprint  generated  by  oil  drilling  and  production  operations.  oil  and  gas  companies  can  thus  carry  out  their  moral  responsibility  of  not  impacting  the  environment  in  a  harmful  way  while  carrying  out  operations.  the  oil  and  gas  industry  has  always  faced  the  problem  of  inventory  planning  and  optimization.  iot  helps  in  efficient  planning  and  scheduling  in  the  supplychain  process.  refineries  can  use  sensors  to  detect  the  blends  of  crude  oil  incoming  and  the  exact  location  where  the  barrels  are  stored.  this
__label__environmentmonitoring data  proves  valuable  for  operation  and  production  decisions.  the  use  of  iot  in  oil  and  gas  supply  management  chain  brings  transparency  and  authenticity  to  the  industry.  in  recent  years,  the  competition  among  oil  and  gas  companies  has  been  increasing.  the  leading  organizations  are  seeking  strategies  to  help  maximize  efficiency  and  improve  their  profits.  focusing  on  shortterm  costcutting  measures  can  hamper  longterm  business  success.  investing  in  iot  will  ensure  companies  are  more  successful  in  reducing  their  operating  costs.  improving  efficiencies,  the  demand  and  supply  predictions,  and  streamlining  expensive  processes  can  be  achieved  significantly  with  iot  solutions.  minimizing  the  unnecessary  expenditure  in
__label__environmentmonitoring terms  of  capital  and  human  resources  can  help  companies  cut  down  on  operating  costs  significantly.  creating  smart  oil  and  gas  will  continue  to  be  a  long,  evolving  process.  iot  solutions  are  making  their  way  from  the  plant  to  boardrooms.  the  use  of  iot  in  oil  and  gas  is  thus,  not  limited  to  only  the  plant  and  rig  operations,  but  covers  many,  if  not  all,  aspects.  the  iot  and  and  ushering  a  new  era  of  efficiency  and  profitability  for  the  companies  involved.  naveen  joshi,  columnist,  is  founder  and  ceo  of  allerin,  which  develops  engineering  and  technology  solutions  focused  on  optimal  customer
__label__environmentmonitoring learn  more  from  tech  tips  to  financial  risks  visit  deloitte  insights  key  opportunities,  trends,  and  challenges  looking  ahead,  staying  ahead  timely  insights  to  inform  your  agenda.  get  daily  updates  on  your  mobile  device  experience  deloitte  in  a  new  way  through  our  augmented  reality  app.  discover  deloitte  and  learn  more  about  our  people  and  culture.  have  you  already  applied  for  a  job?  you  can  now  update  your  candidate  profile  here.  bookmark  has  been  added  bookmark  has  been  removed  an  article  titled  already  exists  in  bookmark  library  perspectives  the  internet  of  things  iot  in  the  oil  gas  industry  is  the  network  of
__label__environmentmonitoring physical  objects  connected  to  the  internet.  wearable  devices,  vehicles,  equipment,  buildings,  and  just  about  any  other  thing  can  be  embedded  with  electronics,  software,  sensors,  and  network  connectivity.  the  ability  to  transfer  data  without  requiring  human  interaction  enables  previously  unprecedented  amounts  of  data  to  be  collected  and  exchanged  with  other  devices,  or  through  a  central  platform.  increasingly,  forwardthinking  oil  gas  organizations  are  focusing  their  iot  initiatives  less  on  underlying  sensors,  devices,  and  smart  things  and  more  on  developing  bold  approaches  for  managing  data,  leveraging  brownfield  iot  infrastructure,  and  developing  new  business  models.  sensors  provide  data  for  cloudbased  digital  dashboards  to  monitor
__label__environmentmonitoring realtime  equipment  performance  and  inventory  levels  in  the  oil  gas  industry  in  the  oil  gas  industry,  sensors  that  monitor  inventory  levels  of  onshore  oil  tanks  automatically  dispatch  trucks  when  the  tanks  need  to  be  emptied.  sensors  also  monitor  the  performance  of  aboveground  pumps  to  alert  maintenance  teams  of  potential  and  actual  issues,  and  provide  employees  with  early  warning  signs  of  possible  safety  issues  to  help  prevent  injuries  and  fatalities.  realtime  oil  tank  sensor  notifications  enable  continuous  pumping  while  optimizing  inventory  transportation  and  minimizing  downtime  costs.  cloudbased  digital  dashboard  visualizations  convey  information  in  an  insightful  manner  that  drives  improved  decisionmaking.  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring continuously  measure  oil  composition  and  flow  rates  to  reduce  expensive  equipment  use  inexpensive  iot  acoustic  sensors  in  the  oil  field  continuously  analyze  oil  composition  oil,  water,  gas,  etc.  within  pipelines,  while  laboratory  tests  from  simulated  field  conditions  and  selected  sensors  exhibiting  optimal  oil  flow  performance  enhance  the  readings.  in  addition,  statistical  models  estimate  the  composition  and  flow  rates  to  continuously  improve  planning  for  subsequent  operations  and  reduce  expensive  equipment  use.  digital  replicas  of  physical  assets  simplify  change  analysis  a  fully  loaded  digital  twina  digital  replica  of  an  actual  asset  being  constructedgives  oil  gas  companies  the  ability  to  drill  down  virtually
__label__environmentmonitoring to  obtain  project  progress  updates  e.g.,  outstanding  issues,  bottleneck  constraints  increasing  knowledgegathering  efficiency.  the  digital  twin  also  provides  a  3d  status  report  that  allows  management  to  look  around  the  platform  and  understand  the  status  of  each  component  from  design,  to  build,  to  assembly.  information  is  fed  into  a  dashboard  that  tracks  realtime  actuals  at  the  part  and  component  level  and  compares  outputs  against  historical  performance.  constructing  a  digital  twin  can  improve  project  speed  and  quality,  and  provide  insights  into  process  and  design  improvement  opportunities  in  the  oil  gas  industry.  digital  replicas  of  physical  assets  improve  maintenance  operations  maintaining  the  digital
__label__environmentmonitoring twin  developed  during  asset  construction  e.g.,  upgrades,  equipment  changes,  etc.  can  improve  asset  management  and  performance  for  oil  gas  companies.  a  digital  twin  predicts  potential  maintenance  issues  and  optimizes  operating  parameters  to  elongate  asset  life  and  reduce  downtime.  problems  can  be  resolved  quickly  by  drilling  down  into  the  digital  twin  to  understand  the  issue  and  formulate  a  repair  plan.  in  addition,  comparing  performance  across  assets  and  executing  rootcause  analyses  helps  to  improve  evidencebased  asset  management.  these  benefits  can  be  expanded  by  using  a  visual  or  virtual  realitybased  digital  twin.  seismic  sensors  aid  oil  exploration  individual  iot  sensors  connected  by  fiber
__label__environmentmonitoring optic  cables  aid  oil  exploration  by  mapping  subsurface  drilling  sites  to  determine  new  drilling  locations  and  optimize  output  of  operational  sites.  an  internetconnected  seismic  sensor  network  collects  data  over  a  million  readings  per  site  and  transfers  it  to  servers  to  provide  an  image  of  the  subsurface  site.  comparative  data  analysis  is  conducted  to  select  the  best  drilling  site.  the  sensorbased  system  improves  the  new  and  existing  drilling  rig  productivity  and  reduces  the  time  required  for  siteselection  data  analysis.  a  midstream  company  was  struggling  with  asset  management  lifecycle  challenges  as  its  aging  infrastructure  created  competing  investment  priorities.  they  wanted  to  refocus
__label__environmentmonitoring their  program  on  leveraging  data  to  improve  information  management,  predictive  asset  management,  asset  risk  management,  and  asset  management  planning.  discover  how  we  refreshed  multiple  dimensions  of  the  program  using  the  internet  of  things  iot  and  datadriven  approaches.  using  iot  connectivity  to  drive  differentiation  even  if  your  devices  and  products  look  the  same  as  they  did  before  they  got  smart  and  connected,  theyre  fundamentally  differentnow  theyre  members  of  a  larger  community  of  products,  processes,  and  stakeholders.  making  objects  capable  of  filling  those  new  roles  is  a  serious  design  challenge.  .  text  your  digital  transformation  continues  here  your  digital  transformation  continues  here
__label__environmentmonitoring your  digital  transformation  continues  here  damon  is  a  principal  in  deloittes  oil  gas  and  technology  strategy  practice  with  18  years  of  consulting  experience.  damon  has  led  and  managed  teams  on  numerous  strategic  technology/digital  projects  ...  nate  is  a  principal  in  deloitte  digital,  deloitte  consulting  llp.  he  has  more  than  20  years  of  industry  and  consulting  experience,  and  leads  the  us  energy  and  resources  digital  practice.  nate  focuses  ...  coleman  is  the  leader  of  deloittes  oil  gas  advisory  practice,  deloitte  touche  llp.  he  has  more  than  20  years  of  experience  working  with  oil  and  gas  company  operations  and  financial  systems,  inclu...
__label__environmentmonitoring or  social  login  not  available  on  microsoft  edge  browser  at  this  time.  connect  your  social  accounts  or  services  industries  careers  2019.  see  for  more  information.  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  deloitte  touche  tohmatsu  limited,  a  uk  private  company  limited  by  guarantee  dttl,  its  network  of  member  firms,  and  their  related  entities.  dttl  and  each  of  its  member  firms  are  legally  separate  and  independent  entities.  dttl  also  referred  to  as  deloitte  global  does  not  provide  services  to  clients.  in  the  united  states,  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  the  us  member  firms  of  dttl,  their  related  entities  that
__label__environmentmonitoring operate  using  the  deloitte  name  in  the  united  states  and  their  respective  affiliates.  certain  services  may  not  be  available  to  attest  clients  under  the  rules  and  regulations  of  public  accounting.  please  see  to  learn  more  about  our  global  network  of  member  firms.
__label__environmentmonitoring readings  devices  readings  users  monitor  your  fleet  anytime  anywhere  detect  leaks  faster  to  prevent  accidents  extra  layer  protection  for  your  well  and  oil  tankers  real  time  fleet  location  is  a  very  helpful  feature  for  fleet  managers.  with  iot  based  fleet  monitoring  solution,  one  can  get  crucial  data  assist.  this  helps  in  optimizing  business  operations.  the  solution  streamlines  logistics  functions  by  using  instantaneous  sensor  data  and  alerts.  now,  choosing  hassle  free  delivery  routes  and  ensuring  driver  safety  at  all  levels  is  easy.  utilize  multiple  vehicles  with  highly  coordinated  logistics.  and,  reduce  unnecessary  fuel  consumption,  cut  down  chances  of  transport  blowout,  enhance
__label__environmentmonitoring productivity  and  boost  profits,  all  within  a  reasonable  time  frame  and  budget.  undetected  leaks  may  be  hazardous  to  life  and  fortunes  for  any  oil  gas  business.  with  iot  driven  leak  detection  solution,  one  can  take  preventive  measures  before  it  is  too  late.  without  the  additional  expense  of  digging  up  the  site,  one  can  avail  these  safety  solutions.  this  solution  ensures  detection  of  leaks  in  a  noninvasive  and  nondestructive  way.  with  real  time  pipeline  leakage  detection,  irreversible  damages  will  be  prevented.  iot  utilises  sophisticated  equipment  like  sensors  and  real  time  meters  into  the  picture  offering  a  fool  proof  solution.  real  time
__label__environmentmonitoring oil  well/tanker  monitoring  solution  is  very  helpful  for  the  oil  gas  industrialists.  as  this  is  an  iot  driven  solution,  one  gets  instant  data  assist  that  helps  in  taking  preventive  measures.  this  helps  in  optimizing  business  operations  for  higher  revenues.  one  miscalculation  in  keeping  oil  well/tankers  protected  from  flammable  substances  can  cause  major  mishaps  in  the  surroundings.  with  oil  well/tanker  monitoring  solution,  monitoring  tank  level  temperature,  remote  oil  wells,  oil  tanks,  water  pressure  and  more  is  easy.  the  solution  helps  in  saving  both  time  and  money  while  bringing  advantageous  results  to  related  business  that  fail  to  optimize  its  potential.  with  the
__label__environmentmonitoring significant  fall  in  crude  oil  prices,  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  in  a  dilemma  whether  to  invest  in  latest  technologies  like  internet  of  things  iot  or  whether  to  stay  put  with  its  current  legacy  technology  like  scada,  plc,  dcs,  hmi  devices  etc.  extracting  fuels  from  the  ground  and  transporting  them  to  the  refinery  to  the  enduser  is  a  complex  and  critical  task.  drilling  equipment,  pipelines,  transportation  and  logistics  there  are  too  many  points  to  monitor  along  the  way,  with  each  one  being  critical,  and  potentially  dangerous,  as  the  next.  irrespective  of  which  part  of  the  oil  and  gas  value
__label__environmentmonitoring chain  upstream,  midstream,  or  downstream,  every  sector  is  eventually  adopting  the  iot  in  oil  and  gas.  business  leaders  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  are  looking  for  plug  and  play  iot  solution  for  oil  and  gas,  where  they  dont  have  to  deal  with  multiple  vendors.  biz4intellia  provides  a  complete  endtoend  iot  solution  for  oil  and  gas,  covering  every  oil  and  gas  industry  vertical  to  make  the  oil  and  gas  industrys  operation  efficient  and  effective.  biz4intellia  is  helping  the  oil  and  gas  industry  with  the  implementation  of  iot  in  oil  and  gas  operations  to  form  a  sustainable  business  model.  our  endtoend
__label__environmentmonitoring comprehensive  iot  solution  for  oil  and  gas,  biz4intellia,  can  provide  multiple  benefits  by  interconnecting  devices  like  sensors  and  controllers  in  realtime  to  form  an  internet  of  devices  things  that  make  the  communication  among  devices  happen  and  collect  realtime  data  to  analyze  and  monitor  the  current  state  of  the  plant  or  the  refinery.  this  enables  the  oil  and  gas  industry  to  make  realtime  decisions,  reduce  equipment  failure,  increase  safety,  minimize  downtime  and  reduce  wastage,  resulting  in  a  complete  plant  automation.  the  current  scenario  is  that  oil  and  gas  companies  are  turning  towards  the  iot  to  ensure  safety  and  security  during  the
__label__environmentmonitoring extraction  and  transportation  of  fuels  and  gradually,  the  toplevel  decision  makers  have  started  realizing  the  benefit  of  iot  in  oil  and  gas  industry.  realtime  the  key  benefit  of  iot  in  oil  and  gas  is  that  realtime  data  from  iot  endpoints  makes  supervisors  and  decision  makers  capable  of  monitoring  and  controlling  the  entire  plant.  iot  sensors,  installed  at  various  locations,  makes  it  possible  to  ingest  data  from  multiple  sources.  resulting  in  optimizing  oil  and  gas  assets  and  production,  from  enterprises  to  wells,  the  refinery  to  a  smart  station.  endtoend  being  the  safest  and  the  most  costeffective  way  to  transport  a  huge
__label__environmentmonitoring amount  of  oil  and  natural  gas  the  pipeline  system  need  to  be  connected  to  a  central  controlling  system  using  iot  sensors,  embedded  into  the  entire  pipeline  array.  iot  sensors  monitor  pipeline  data  like  temperature,  flow,  pressure,  etc.,  that  helps  in  realtime  controlling.  iot  smart  valves  are  also  installed  at  various  points  throughout  the  pipeline  to  remotely  control  the  flow  inside  the  pipelines.  equipment  health  check  with  the  legacy  scada  systems,  less  than  3  of  the  data  captured  from  equipment  has  been  really  harnessed  by  the  oil  and  gas  industry,  as  it  rarely  reaches  the  experts  on  time  to  get  analyzed.
__label__environmentmonitoring with  the  ability  to  capture  multiple  data  points  from  multiple  devices  simultaneously  and  use  the  combined  data  sets  will  help  determine  the  health  of  equipment  and  forecast  any  potential  failures.  the  right  use  of  iot  in  this  space  can  lead  to  increase  efficiency,  prevent  failures  and  downtimes,  and  predict  productivity.  tanker/fleet  tracking  and  sensors  that  are  fitted  inside  the  tankers  enables  realtime  tracking  of  location  and  health  of  vehicle.  the  smart  fleet  management  system  is  helping  the  oil  and  gas  industry  in  increasing  overall  efficiency  and  reducing  traffic  accidents.  with  iot  in  oil  and  gas  you  can  monitor  the  data
__label__environmentmonitoring from  anywhere  through  iot  sensors.  iot  sensors  can  communicate  data  to  cloud  and  make  remote  monitoring  and  controlling  a  reality.  maintain  a  sustainable  being  a  responsible  corporate  citizen,  oil  and  gas  industry  leverages  various  technologies  to  limit  any  impact  to  the  environment.  industry  regulators  have  also  specified  the  need  for  better,  more  accurate,  and  realtime  monitoring  by  the  industry  to  identify  any  impact  to  the  environment.  implementation  of  biz4intellia  iot  solution  for  oil  and  gas  will  help  the  industry  achieve  its  corporate  social  responsibility  csr.  with  the  ability  to  monitor  the  assets  in  a  realtime  manner  and  watching  data  points
__label__environmentmonitoring in  conjunction  with  each  other,  help  predict  more  accurately  potential  environment  impact  and  take  timely  action.  remote  asset  with  the  vast  number  of  assets  in  the  field  of  operations,  adoption  of  iot  for  this  business,  is  an  easy  win  for  the  industry.  with  a  proper  implementation  of  an  iot  solution  for  oil  and  gas,  the  industry  can  reap  the  benefit  of  realtime  tracking  of  the  assets,  trend  of  utilization  of  the  assets,  history  of  the  assets  and  increase  their  efficiency.  biz4intellias  inbuilt  smart  learning  engine  can  help  create  a  sustainable  and  predictable  asset  lifecycle  management  and  will  enable  all  assets
__label__environmentmonitoring as  part  of  the  same  ecosystem  and  not  working  in  silos.  by  adopting  iot  in  oil  and  gas,  companies  can  collect  important  data  from  connected  equipment  and  convert  the  raw  data  into  useful  information  to  maximize  productivity  and  profit:  want  to  know  how  iiot  can  help  you  to  make  your  business  successful?  curious  about  the  implementation  process  of  intellia  iot  business  solution  and  its  pricing?  ,  ,  follow,  like,  tweet  or  post.  we  would  love  to  interact  with  you  were  happy  to  share  our  rating  2019.  all  rights  reserved  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring getty  images  few  incidents  have  so  dramatically  and  terrifyingly  confirmed  the  need  for  meticulous  monitoring  of  the  transportation  of  volatile  fuels  than  the  devastating  2010  gas  explosion  in  san  bruno,  california.  the  rupture  and  explosion  of  a  pacific  gas  electric  30inch  natural  gas  pipeline  left  a  path  of  destruction  that  took  the  lives  of  eight  people  and  destroyed  or  rendered  uninhabitable  38  homes  in  san  brunos  crestmoor  neighborhood.  any  instrumentation  that  might  have  been  in  place  failed  to  detected  the  flaws  in  the  pipeline,  and  controls  were  so  inadequate  that  it  took  more  than  an  hour  for  emergency  personnel  to
__label__environmentmonitoring shut  down  the  flow  of  gas  that  fed  the  inferno.  during  the  california  public  utilities  commissions  ensuing  investigation,  it  was  revealed  that  pge  not  only  failed  to  have  appropriate  detection  equipment  in  place,  but  the  utility  also  was  negligent  in  regard  to  periodic  testing  of  its  transmission  lines.  sensors  failed  to  detect  a  problem  the  san  bruno  incident  actually  didnt  reflect  a  lack  of  transmission  and  transportation  sensors  and  systems,  but  rather  it  showed  how  a  fairly  mundane  occurrence  a  power  loss  could  cripple  a  sensorbased  system.  a  detailed  report  published  by  national  public  radio  station  kqed  as  part  of
__label__environmentmonitoring its  california  report  programming  provided  details  about  the  san  bruno  explosion.  the  report  notes  that  an  electrical  outage  and  a  transmission  terminal  made  the  regulatory  system  go  haywire,  sending  the  gas  pressure  in  the  pipeline  up  to  dangerous  levels.  but,  the  report  continues,  sensors  were  also  disabled  as  a  result  of  the  outage,  so  technicians  couldnt  see  how  high  the  pressure  was  building.  iotbased  monitoring  of  transporation  greatly  improved  while  the  san  bruno  explosion  occurred  just  a  decade  ago,  todays  stateoftheart  transportation  and  transmission  systems  are  far  more  sophisticated,  equipped  with  battery  backup  and  other  failover  systems  that  ensure  that
__label__environmentmonitoring they  will  remain  operative  at  perhaps  the  most  critical  moments.  these  iotbased  monitoring  networks  are  also  designed  to  track  the  movements  of  gas  and  oil  through  a  variety  of  transportation  and  transmission  elements.  that  level  of  sophistication  is,  in  fact,  required  as  gas  and  oil  distribution  systems  in  the  united  states  are  vast  and  complex.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station
__label__environmentmonitoring at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority  of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  at  asia,  explained  how  it  fully  shares  car  data
__label__environmentmonitoring with  customers  and  businesses  if  the  customer  conse  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__environmentmonitoring operations  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  function  under  extreme  environmental  conditions,  located  in  remote  areas,  and  spread  across  geographies.  with  its  machine  to  machine  m2m  communication  capabilities,  lpwan  is  evolving  as  a  potential  solution  that  can  be  successfully  channeled  to  deliver  a  positive  business  impact  on  the  oil  and  gas  operations.  the  high  cost  of  deployment  of  advanced  metering  infrastructure  for  resource  consumption  control  is  the  significant  barrier  for  utility  companies.  as  traditional  technologies  like  gprs,  zigbee  and  wireless  mbus  still  in  consideration  for  such  smart  gas  metering  applications  they  do  not  provide  the  desired  level  of  roi.  with
__label__environmentmonitoring a  new  type  of  lwpan  wireless  communication  technology  developed  especially  for  smart  metering  and  iot  application,  utilities  can  overcome  the  difficulties  of  massive  rolling  out  of  ami.  using  the  conceptof  iot  communication  and  most  robust  lpwan  nbfi  protocol  waviot  has  developed  outofthebox  solutions  for  smart  gas  consumption  monitoring  with  plug  and  play  meters  and  outstanding  connectivity  characteristics.machine  to  machine  m2m  communication,  driven  by  lpwan,  has  huge  potential  for  gaining  popularity  across  og  companies.  it  enables  machines  and  systems  to  communicate  with  other  devices.  lpwan  and  iot  can  help  companies  reduce  costs,  improve  performance,  enhance  safety,  and  drive  operational  efficiencies.  iotenabled
__label__environmentmonitoring devices  and  systems  can  facilitate  efficient  og  operations,  with  minimum  human  intervention,  providing  higher  value  than  traditional  technology  and  automation.  correctly  implemented  lpwan  solutions  hold  the  potential  to  introduce  efficiencies  in  upstream,  midstream,  and  downstream  operations.  nbfi  provides  for  digital  oilfield  assets.  iotenabled  devices  and  systems  can  facilitate  efficient  og  operations,  with  minimum  human  intervention,  providing  higher  value  than  traditional  technology  and  automation.  correctly  implemented  lpwan  solutions  hold  the  potential  to  introduce  efficiencies  in  upstream,  midstream,  and  downstream  operations.  lpwan  integrated  sensors  deployed  across  the  value  chain  from  exploration  and  production  to  the  transportation  of  crude  and  refined  oil  can
__label__environmentmonitoring bring  in  the  muchneeded  visibility  and  workplace  safety,  with  better  control  and  maintenance  of  assets.  with  the  marriage  of  smart  devices,  advanced  connectivity,  and  management  platforms,  iot  and  m2m  communication  are  gaining  traction  in  supporting  collaboration.  employed  in  many  areas  of  the  og  industry  to  increase  efficiency,  the  technology  is  catalyzing  the  development  of  new  business  practices.  its  use  has  accelerated  with  mobile  and  cloud  innovation,  advances  in  big  data,  and  predictive  analytics  based  on  inmemory  computing.  and  its  becoming  more  affordable  and  practical  as  the  size  and  price  of  sensors  shrink.  og  companies  that  embrace  these  innovative  technologies  can
__label__environmentmonitoring gain  firstmover  advantage.  type  of  sensors  for  digital  oirlfield  remote  assets:  iot  enabled  tools,  systems,  devices,  sensors,  and  other  equipment,  when  interconnected  with  monitoring  systems,  can  extract  meaningful  process  information  for  quick  analysis  analysis  that  can  enable  efficient  utilization  of  resources,  and  improve  production  efficiency,  safety  standards,  transportation  and  other  aspects.  sensors  on  drilling  machines  can  capture  data  on  pressure,  temperature,  density,  flow  rate,  geological  and  seismic  aspects.  analysis  of  this  data  helps  drive  accurate  equipment  performance  analysis  for  lifetime  prediction  and  scheduled  maintenance.  this  enables  early  detection  of  errors,  reduced  failure  rate,  efficient  equipment  performance  and  reduced  downtime.  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring data,  linked  with  enterprise  resource  planning  erp  systems,  drives  efficient  supply  chain  management,  resulting  in  righttime  raw  material  and  spare  parts  ordering.  this  operational  efficiency,  in  turn,  leads  to  efficient  inventory  and  working  capital  management.  safety  data  from  sensors  helps  monitor  the  release  of  toxic  gases  and  enables  prompt  response  to  and  analysis  of  incidents,  thereby  preventing  unwanted  accidents,  ensuring  compliance  with  safety  regulations  and  standards,  and  of  course,  ensuring  workforce  health  and  safety.  sensors  mounted  on  equipment  provide  analysis  data  for  well  monitoring,  fire  and  gas  safety,  emergency  shutdown,  and  other  processes,  resulting  in  efficient  production  operations.  perform  analytics
__label__environmentmonitoring on  collected  data  to  identify  operating  insights  that  can  be  used  to  enhance  decision  making.  iotenabled  sensors  not  only  facilitate  an  efficient  supply  chain  but  also  accelerate  go  to  market.  these  sensors  enable  automatic  monitoring  of  upstream,  midstream  and  downstream  processes,  thereby  reducing  the  complexity  of  a  large  portion  of  human  work.  a  lot  of  oiland  gas  industrial  systems  is  an  ideal  for  lpwan  wireless  technology  due  to  the  small  power  budget  available,  the  longrange  requirements,  and  the  small  data  size  needed  for  transmission.  the  base  station  designed  for  rollingout  longrange  iot  network  in  the  urban  and  rural  environment.  featured
__label__environmentmonitoring with  whip  antenna  and  fullduplex  connectivity  for  bidirectional  communication.  covering  800  sq.  km  area  and  aggregatingthe  data  from  2  000  000  smart  devices  and  sensors.  or  tell  us  about  your  needs  copyright  2010  2018  for  information  and  content  in  this  website.
__label__environmentmonitoring search  senior  writer,  like  many  traditional  industries  that  have  longstanding,  triedandtrue  methods  of  operation,  the  oilandgas  sector  hasnt  been  the  quickest  to  embrace  technology  despite  having  had  instrumentation  on  drilling  rigs,  pipelines  and  refining  facilities  for  decades,  the  extraction  industry  has  only  recently  begun  to  work  with  modern  iot.  part  of  the  issue  has  been  interoperability,  according  to  mark  carrier,  oilandgas  development  director  for  rti,  which  produces  connectivity  software  for  industrial  companies.  energy  companies  are  most  comfortable  working  with  the  same  vendors  theyve  worked  with  before,  but  that  tendency  means  there  isnt  a  strong  impetus  toward  sharing  data  across  platforms.
__label__environmentmonitoring on  a  very  low  level,  things  are  pretty  wellconnected,  at  the  connectivity  to  the  backend  theyre  wellconnected,  but  theres  a  huge  expense  in  understanding  what  that  data  is,  he  said.  christine  boles,  a  vice  president  in  intels  iot  group,  said  that  the  older  systems  still  being  used  by  the  industry  have  been  tough  to  displace.  the  biggest  challenge  theyre  facing  is  aging  infrastructrure,  and  how  they  get  to  a  more  standardized,  interoperable  version,  she  said.  changes  are  coming,  however,  in  part  because  energy  prices  have  taken  a  hit  in  recent  years.  oil  companies  have  been  looking  to  cut  costs,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring one  of  the  easiest  places  to  do  that  is  in  integration  and  automation.  on  a  typical  oil  well,  said  carrier,  a  driller  will  have  up  to  70  different  companies  products  working  sensors  covering  everything  from  flow  rates  to  temperature  and  pressure  to  azimuth  and  incline,  different  components  of  the  drill  itself  but  until  fairly  recently,  these  all  had  to  be  independently  monitored.  an  iot  solution  that  can  tie  all  these  various  threads  of  data  together,  of  late,  has  become  an  attractive  option  for  companies  looking  to  minimize  human  error  and  glean  realtime  insights  from  the  wide  range  of  instrumentation  present
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  average  oil  rig.  those  threads  are  numerous,  with  a  lot  of  vertically  unique  sensor  and  endpoint  types.  mud  pulse  telemetry  uses  a  module  in  a  drill  head  to  create  slight  fluctuations  in  the  pressure  of  drilling  fluid  to  pulse  information  to  a  receiver  on  the  surface.  temperature  and  pressure  sensors  operating  in  the  extreme  environmental  conditions  of  an  active  borehole  might  use  heavily  ruggedized  serial  cable  to  push  data  back  aboveground.  andre  kindness,  a  principal  analyst  at  forrester  research,  said  that  the  wide  range  of  technologies,  manufacturers  and  standards  in  use  at  any  given  oilandgas  facility  is  the
__label__environmentmonitoring by  adopting  iot  applications,  the  oil  and  gas  sector  can  improve  safety  and  amplify  profits  simultaneously,  with  asset  tracking  and  predictive  maintenance  solutions  having  the  greatest  impact.  oil  and  gas  iot  applications  may  even  become  necessary  for  a  competitive  edge  among  rising  geopolitical  and  climate  change  tensions.  remote  services  typically,  oil  isnt  found  in  easily  accessible  areas.  w  predictive  maintenance  allows  og  companies  to  leverage  the  remote  monitoring  of  equipment  through  sensors  to  make  important  decisions  about  whether  or  not  something  needs  to  be  shut  down,  fixed,  replaced,  etc  .  sensors  that  collect  data  send  companies  an  alert  when  machines
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  offers  a  chance  for  oil  and  gas  to  compete  in  a  commoditized  world.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  is  the  future  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  as  the  internet  of  things  iot  network  of  devices,  sensors  and  software  brings  about  change  in  consumers  daily  lives,  this  particular  industry  is  lagging  behind.  oil  and  gas  have  been  facing  challenges,  largely  attributed  to  the  antiquated  and  inefficient  approach  that  many  companies  take  to  maintain  assets  and  collect  data.  below  are  five  different  ways  iiot  will  revolutionize  the  oil  and  gas  industry:  ,  the  oil  and  gas  industry  will  be
__label__environmentmonitoring facing  losses  in  the  next  couple  of  years  as  the  baby  boomeraged  workers  begin  to  retire  and  there  are  less  people  with  industry  expertise  to  assume  the  vacant  roles.  big  data  analysis  and  remote  visibility  will  help  companies  better  manage  their  assets  and  use  their  findings  to  optimize  production.  leveraging  the  capabilities  of  iiot  can  reduce  troubleshooting  time  from  days  to  minutes,  which  leaves  more  time  to  spend  on  other  operational  aspects  of  the  business.  the  industry  has  a  major  impact  on  the  global  gdp:  ,  industrywide  adoption  of  iiot  could  increase  the  global  gdp  by  as  much  as  0.8
__label__environmentmonitoring percent,  or  816  billion  in  the  next  decade.  with  lower  oil  prices  being  the  new  normal,  profit  margins  have  tightened  and  oil  and  gas  companies  must  take  this  opportunity  to  invest  in  innovative  technologies  rather  than  conduct  kneejerk  cost  cutting.  the  financial  gains  of  cost  reduction  and  saved  time  will  be  invaluable  as  the  industry  becomes  even  more  competitive.  big  data  is  not  new  to  the  oil  and  gas  industry:  data  is  crucial  for  the  success  of  this  industry,  in  particular.  efficiency  and  accuracy  is  highly  valued  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  almost  more  than  any  other  industry.  small
__label__environmentmonitoring improvements  in  efficiency  can  make  a  notable  economic  difference.  profit  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  dependent  on  prompt  and  accurate  production  data.  with  iiot  integration,  the  oil  production  can  be  captured  in  realtime  through  embedded  sensors  and  the  right  automation  of  data  communications  systems,  enables  companies  to  gather  information  from  assets  anywhere  and  make  informed  decisions.  for  example,  companies  can  adapt  their  drilling  strategies  after  comparing  realtime  downhole  drilling  data  with  data  from  production  of  nearby  wells.  according  to  this  level  of  visibility  can  help  oil  and  gas  companies  improve  production  by  6  to  8.  additionally,  the  shift
__label__environmentmonitoring to  data  generation  via  the  cloud  allows  for  expansion  of  the  amount  of  possible  transactions  that  can  occur  all  the  way  down  the  supply  chain.  the  key  here  is  that  companies  need  a  wellbuilt  iiot  platform  in  order  to  help  them  convert  massive  amounts  of  data  into  useful  information.  a  big  benefit  for  the  oil  gas  companies  is  the  ability  of  their  pumpoff  controllers  that  speak  legacy  protocols  to  participate  in  the  internetofthings  and  enjoy  the  benefits  of  modern  web  services.  safety  is  perhaps  the  largest  industry  concern,  both  internally  and  externally.  iiot  can  lessen  risk  taken  by  identifying  potential
__label__environmentmonitoring issues  before  they  become  actual  problems  or  safety  hazards.  remote  troubleshooting  means  more  constant  and  efficient  regulation  of  oil  rigs.  fully  leveraged  iiot  integration  also  means  less  travel  and  potentially  dangerous  work  for  personnel.  from  increased  efficiency  to  lessened  safety  risk  and  reduced  travel,  iiot  adoption  can  significantly  reduce  the  environmental  impact  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  using  less  energy,  avoiding  oil  spills  and  other  accidents,  and  emitting  less  carbon  are  significant  enough  for  oil  and  gas  to  pay  attention  to  iiot.  iiot  also  allows  for  clearer  monitoring  of  energy  and  resource  usage.  the  integration  of  connected  devices  in
__label__environmentmonitoring oil  and  gas  will  touch  nearly  every  leg  of  the  oil  and  gas  supply  chain  from  operations  to  customer  engagement.  its  an  opportunity  for  rapid  change  in  a  legacy  industry  and  a  chance  for  oil  and  gas  to  compete  in  a  commoditized  world.  written  by  prakash  chakravarthi,  ceo  at  machfu,  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring menu:  from  our  developments  in  water,  gas  and  smart  grid  networks,  we  continue  to  connect  more  and  more  things  that  make  utilities  and  cities  smarter.  extend  the  value  of  your  infrastructure  with  new  applications.  operate  safer,  know  more,  and  reduce  loss  in  your  pipeline.  extend  coverage  and  explore  the  grid  edge.  go  beyond  the  bulb  and  see  your  infrastructure  from  a  new  vantagepoint.  explore  your  potential  to  monitor  and  optimize  your  entire  water  cycle.  do  more  with  your  infrastructure.  reach  farther  with  new  innovations  and  leading  technology  that  helps  you  deliver  greater  efficiency,  responsiveness  and  analytical  capabilities  than  ever  before.
__label__environmentmonitoring be  well  equipped  to  provide  timely,  accurate,  actionable  information  from  every  point  in  your  network,  wherever  and  whenever  you  need  it.  use  our  filter  to  narrow  the  list  of  products  by  region,  category,  utility  and  more.  our  services  team  is  here  for  you  every  step  of  the  way.  let  us  help  you  plan,  install  and  operate  your  smart  infrastructure  systems.  learn  more  about  how  our  technology  and  solutions  can  work  for  you.  see  whats  new  at  sensus  and  where  were  headed  next.  for  a  better  experience,  keep  your  browser  up  to  date.  from  our  developments  in  water,  gas  and  smart
__label__environmentmonitoring grid  networks,  we  continue  to  connect  more  and  more  things  that  make  utilities  and  cities  smarter.  extend  the  value  of  your  infrastructure  with  new  applications.  operate  safer,  know  more,  and  reduce  loss  in  your  pipeline.  extend  coverage  and  explore  the  grid  edge.  go  beyond  the  bulb  and  see  your  infrastructure  from  a  new  vantagepoint.  explore  your  potential  to  monitor  and  optimize  your  entire  water  cycle.  do  more  with  your  infrastructure.  reach  farther  with  new  innovations  and  leading  technology  that  helps  you  deliver  greater  efficiency,  responsiveness  and  analytical  capabilities  than  ever  before.  be  well  equipped  to  provide  timely,  accurate,  actionable  information
__label__environmentmonitoring from  every  point  in  your  network,  wherever  and  whenever  you  need  it.  use  our  filter  to  narrow  the  list  of  products  by  region,  category,  utility  and  more.  our  services  team  is  here  for  you  every  step  of  the  way.  let  us  help  you  plan,  install  and  operate  your  smart  infrastructure  systems.  learn  more  about  how  our  technology  and  solutions  can  work  for  you.  see  whats  new  at  sensus  and  where  were  headed  next.  available  in  these  regions:  there  are  many  miles  of  distribution  line  between  the  gate  station  and  your  customer.  andjust  as  many  devices  and  systems  providing  information  that
__label__environmentmonitoring you  need  to  operate  safely  and  efficiently.  smart  gas  uses  the  to  go  beyond  meter  reading  for  improved  operations  and  safety.  get  realtime  data  with  prioritized  alarms  that  allow  you  to  maintain  safe  delivery  operations,  employee  safety  and  meet  regulatory  requirements.  smart  gas  iot  allows  you  to  visualize  whats  happening  inside  your  pipelinepressure  changes,  the  status  of  your  and  morewhenever  and  wherever  you  want.  be  ready  with  the  information  you  need  to  answer  customer  questions  or  avoid  unnecessary  calls  and  truck  rolls  with  webbased  tools.  automate  and  correlate  readings  to  reduce  unaccountedfor  gas.  use  information  to  plan  capital  projects  for
__label__environmentmonitoring the  most  impact  and  improved  return  on  investment.  stay  a  step  ahead  by  putting  all  of  your  system  data  to  work.  gain  insight  and  foresight  with  .  we  offer  a  suite  of  flexible  applications  that  allow  you  to  accurately  monitor,  measure  and  predict  your  business  performance.  from  billing  data  access  and  reportingto  powering  solutions  like  and  phase  detectionsensus  analytics  is  the  brain  of  your  smart  grid.  have  questions?  our  experienced  staff  can  help  you  find  the  answers.  click  below  to  contact  us  or  find  an  office  near  you.  2019  sensus,  a  xylem  brand.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__environmentmonitoring using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__environmentmonitoring assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  secure  iotenabled  solutions  for  oil  and  gas  distribution  to  increase  productivity,  improve  utilization  and  reliability,  enhance  performance  and  reduce  costs.  oil  and  gas  production  and  distribution  occur  in  some  of  the  most  remote,  harshest  conditions  on  the  planet.  the  volatility  of
__label__environmentmonitoring global  energy  prices  and  shifts  in  supply  and  demand  are  putting  more  economic  pressure  on  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  oil  and  gas  companies,  in  either  upstream,  downstream  or  midstream  markets  face  many  challenges  from  efficiently  optimizing  their  resources  and  capital  investments  in  production  facilities  to  managing  the  distribution  system  and  assuring  safety.  oil  and  gas  firms  seek  to  reduce  their  risk,  increase  productivity  and  lower  exploration  and  production  costs.  to  meet  these  challenges,  oil  and  gas  firms  are  investing  in  wireless  internet  of  things  iot  technology  to  reimagine  the  production  and  distribution  chain.  lower  costs  through  increased  automation  and
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring  of  remote  processes  increase  workplace  safety  and  ensure  environmental  protection  through  collection  of  realtime  sensor  data  and  conditions  increase  operational  efficiency  through  more  accurate  billing,  loss  prevention  and  better  maintenance  strategies  including  offshore  equipment  higher  reliability  and  longevity  of  equipment  through  remote  monitoring  and  data  collection  sierra  wireless  has  been  helping  oil  and  gas  customers  build  and  operate  efficient,  reliable  distribution  systems  for  many  years.  key  upstream,  midstream  and  downstream  applications  include:  gas  wellhead  monitoring,  pipeline  monitoring,  gas  meters/regulators  and  gas  quality/chromatographs.  and  sierra  wireless  embedded  sims  are  designed  with  low  power  consumption  and  are  highly  reliable,  ruggedized  and
__label__environmentmonitoring costeffective.  they  are  simple  to  integrate,  easy  to  program,  secure  and  scalable  from  2g  to  4g.  the  airprime  embedded  modules  portfolio  also  features  builtin  application  processors,  modems  and  optional  gnss  to  reduce  system  complexity  and  save  board  space.  and  we  provide  opensource  linuxbased  platforms  such  as  legato,  which  simplify  and  accelerate  the  development  of  iot  applications  for  oil  and  gas.  our  include  intelligent  routers  and  gateways,  management  tools,  and  services  for  rugged  environments  tailored  to  oil  and  gas  markets  where  reliability  and  security  are  essential.  they  provide  persistent  connectivity,  locationbased  services  and  remote  monitoring  to  help  energy  suppliers  control  infrastructure,
__label__environmentmonitoring instrumentation  and  other  equipment  in  oil  and  gas  grid  applications.  our  provide  the  simplest  and  most  scalable  way  to  securely  store,  retrieve,  analyze  and  integrate  data  to  build  new  value  in  oil  and  gas  applications.  they  accelerate  timetomarket,  reduce  risk  and  lower  deployment  and  maintenance  costs  with  overtheair  monitoring  and  upgrades  of  cellular  m2m  devices.  collaborate  with  a  seasoned  team  experienced  in  largescale  wireless  deployments  for  oil  and  gas  companies  around  the  world.  get  new  services  to  market  faster  with  open,  proven  and  precertified  cellular  iot  technologies.  our  embedded  modules  and  gateways  are  designed  for  long  product  lives,  even  in
__label__environmentmonitoring harsh  industrial  environments.  tested  to  military  specifications,  they  deliver  secure,  reliable  wireless  connectivity  under  extreme  temperatures,  humidity  and  vibration.  work  with  a  partner  with  strong,  longstanding  relationships  with  leading  wireless  carriers  to  accelerate  network  certification  and  integration  in  markets  worldwide.  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.
__label__environmentmonitoring today,  oil  and  gas  industry  is  rapidly  adopting  innovative  and  smart  technologies  like  cloud  and  the  internet  of  things.  deployment  of  these  connected  technologies  results  in  greater  safety  of  workers  as  well  as  resources,  realtime  monitoring  of  equipment,  better  field  communication,  reduced  downtime,  and  automation  of  mining  operations.  learn  more  about  how  implementing  iot  and  connected  cloud  technologies  can  transform  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  over  the  years,  the  oil  and  gas  industry  has  faced  many  challenges  from  speedily  changing  market  conditions  to  a  massive  reduction  of  talent  and  workforce.  due  to  these  challenges,  many  petroleum  and  oil  suppliers  growth
__label__environmentmonitoring plans  were  put  on  hold.  in  fact,  approximately  planned  through  2020  were  either  deferred,  canceled  or  abandoned  entirely.  to  overcome  these  challenges  as  well  as  to  sustain  their  business  growth  plans,  companies  are  looking  towards  innovative  technologies.  internet  of  things  and  cloud  are  the  key  technologies  for  oil  and  gas  industry  that  help  achieve  operational  efficiency.  help  the  industry  deal  with  a  number  of  challenges  such  as  volatility  of  oil  prices,  ensuring  the  safety  of  workers  in  the  hazardous  environment,  accessing  data  and  information  for  taking  right  decisions,  monitoring  remote  assets,  fuel  shipments,  etc.  according  to  a  new  market  intelligence
__label__environmentmonitoring report  by  bis  research,  ,  growing  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  24.65  percent  from  2017  to  2026.  forminatorform  id9043  the  implementation  of  iot  and  cloud  technology  allows  companies  to  improve  oil  and  gas  operations  by  overcoming  challenges.  for  an  instance,  information  collected  from  each  system  allows  workers  to  conduct  an  active  monitoring  of  the  overall  system,  including  gas  leakage,  other  hazardous  environments,  etc.  additionally,  connected  systems  can  be  programmed  to  send  active  alerts  to  other  connected  devices  if  they  begin  to  fail.  in  such  cases,  alerts  can  also  be  sent  when  systems  are  about  to  experience  a
__label__environmentmonitoring high  pressure  situation  or  any  other  unsafe  issues.  the  connected  system  provides  a  complete  visibility  of  the  operational  floor,  even  in  a  remote  location,  ensuring  proactive  maintenance  to  act  on  potential  issues  such  as  problems  in  tank  levels,  oil  pressure,  spillage,  etc.,  from  sensors  deployed  in  the  well.  in  addition,  iot  helps  improve  efficiencies  in  asset  tracking.  the  use  of  sensors  permits  the  oil  companies  to  monitor  a  large  number  of  processes  along  with  inventory  and  oil  and  gas  shipments.  these  tracking  sensors  provide  useful  information  so  that  the  companies  can  identify  the  number  of  supplies  in  inventories  and  if
__label__environmentmonitoring any  item  is  missing,  the  iot  sensors  can  be  used  to  track  shipments  with  the  exact  location  of  each  oil  and  gas  shipment.  digitization  in  oil  and  gas  industry  allows  oil  and  gas  companies  to  add  value  to  their  business  by  reducing  costs,  improving  decision  making,  and  increasing  the  productivity  and  efficiency,  to  maximize  business  and  operational  benefits  for  growth.  additionally,  wearable  technology  combined  with  the  cloud  capabilities  can  boost  worker  safety  by  allowing  managers  to  monitor  employees  at  risk.  there  are  different  iot  and  cloud  platforms  available  in  the  market.  here,  we  will  talk  about  how  can  help  overcome
__label__environmentmonitoring problems  in  the  oil  gas  industry.  pipelines  are  one  of  the  most  efficient  means  of  transporting  large  quantities  of  crude  oil  or  natural  gas.  there  are  different  challenges  in  maintaining  these  pipelines  such  as  corrosion,  human  error,  leakage,  metal  loss  or  tiny  cracks,  which  can  result  in  major  breakdowns  and  hazards.  even  a  pinhole  leakage,  which  can  be  easily  missed  during  a  virtual  inspection,  can  become  a  serious  issue.  also,  it  is  critical  to  maintain  the  temperature  of  oil  and  gas  in  pipes  to  keep  the  water  and  oil  level  balanced  in  order  to  reduce  the  chances  of  future  mishaps.
__label__environmentmonitoring cloud  computing  platforms  like  amazon  aws  allow  companies  to  use  a  network  of  devices  and  remote  servers  hosted  on  the  internet  to  store,  manage,  and  process  data.  cloudbased  processing  services  enable  pipeline  operators  to  process  a  huge  amount  of  data  in  order  to  run  a  detailed  analysis  that  improves  the  transparency  and  safety  of  pipeline  operations.  to  manage  pipeline,  evaluate  risk,  remove  human  error,  provide  worker  safety,  access  data  related  to  remote  locations,  etc.,  aws  iot  device  management  can  be  of  great  help  with  aws  iot  device  management,  pipeline  operators  can  easily  onboard  and  track  connected  iot  devices.  it  can
__label__environmentmonitoring also  help  in  the  scaling  of  existing  device  fleets,  which  can  reduce  the  cost  for  large  deployments.  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry,  production  downtime  can  result  in  hundreds  of  thousands  of  loss  of  dollars  per  day.  to  ensure  that  the  production  machinery  and  other  critical  equipment  downtime  are  minimized,  companies  need  to  invest  in  regular  maintenance  and  monitoring  of  applications.  upgrading  a  maintenance  application  to  ensure  a  more  predictive  maintenance  of  oil  equipment  and  machinery  with  digital  technologies  and  data  can  help  offshore  production  facilities  to  cut  down  their  unplanned  downtime  and  drive  a  better  operational  efficiency.  as  the
__label__environmentmonitoring oil  and  gas  production  moves  towards  a  more  digital  and  dataenabled  environment,  it  is  important  for  the  operators  to  build  more  predictive  and  datadriven  approaches  for  asset  operations.  actively  monitoring  and  tracking  the  condition  of  components  is  very  essential,  so  that  the  systems  do  not  break  down  and  fail  on  a  predetermined  schedule.  helps  monitor  resources  to  automate  actions  based  on  defined  metrics,  collect  and  monitor  log  files,  and  set  alarms.  this  ultimately  helps  in  utilizing  applications  at  an  optimum  level,  maintaining  application  performance  and  ensuring  operational  health  to  keep  the  application  running  smoothly.  cloudbased  services  can  offer  expertise  and
__label__environmentmonitoring scalability  to  support  datadriven  approaches  as  they  continue  to  grow  and  evolve.  using  aws  cloud  services  for  monitoring,  collecting  telemetry  data  from  multiple  devices,  as  well  as  storing  and  analyzing  the  data  can  reduce  the  future  efforts.  deep  drilling  is  an  area  of  oil  and  gas  exploration  that  need  a  better  technology.  deep  rigs  are  used  to  drill  resources  that  are  difficult  to  reach.  however,  the  deeper  the  rig  goes,  the  more  dangerous  it  becomes.  hence,  the  rig  and  operators  have  to  be  accurate  in  terms  of  inches  and  centimeters  during  the  drilling  process.  deepwater  drilling  is  difficult  technically,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring also  increase  the  number  of  environmental  concerns  if  done  unsystematically.  one  of  the  technologies  to  deal  with  such  challenges  is  rfid  radio  frequency  identification.  rfid  helps  reduce  risk  and  nonproductive  time  and  perform  operations  that  are  difficult  with  traditional  tools.  the  rfid  technology  uses  tiny  electronic  devices  that  consist  of  an  antenna  and  a  small  chip  to  automatically  identify  and  track  labels  that  are  attached  to  drilling  objects.  moreover,  rfid  with  aws  cloud  services  enable  oil  and  gas  organizations  to  increase  their  efficiency  and  reduce  the  cost  of  deploying  drilling  rigs.  in  addition,  with  cloudenabled  rfid,  organizations  can  predict  the
__label__environmentmonitoring success  of  drilling  operation  according  to  the  environment,  as  well  as  avail  information  to  identify  optimum  oil  drilling  locations.  also,  it  helps  oil  and  gas  organizations  to  identify  potential  drilling  errors  or  equipment  failure  with  the  help  of  realtime  sensor  data  and  geological  data  from  equipment.  apart  from  these,  implementing  iot  and  connected  cloud  technologies  can  help  the  oil  and  gas  industry  experience  benefits  such  as  infrastructure  and  asset  monitoring,  supply  chain  management,  realtime  decision  making  by  unlocking  a  host  of  potentially  useful  data.  in  the  current  scenario,  cloud  platform  and  strategy  are  important  for  a  largescale  digital  transformation  journey
__label__environmentmonitoring of  oil  and  gas  industry.  for  connectivity  and  edge  analytics,  can  be  used,  which  filters  the  data  and  transmits  the  necessary  information  to  the  cloud.  it  also  synchronizes  the  data  on  the  device  with  for  effective  and  timely  decisionmaking.  relational  database  can  be  used  for  keeping  the  track  of  equipment  and  maintaining  a  monitored  database  which  can  be  used  in  future.  einfochips  as  an  advanced  consulting  partner  of  aws  provides  aws  cloud  solutions  to  help  oil  and  gas  companies  implement  a  scalable,  reliable  and  costefficient  infrastructure  for  managing  their  operations.  we  create  custom  on  the  aws  platform  that  provide  comprehensive
__label__environmentmonitoring solutions  to  help  companies  achieve  their  productivity  and  growth  objectives  while  optimizing  timetomarket  and  costs.  know  more  about  our  .  shubhada  khokale  works  as  a  marketing  associate  at  einfochips.she  is  working  into  internet  of  things  and  cloud  computing  domainshubhada  completed  her  b.e.  in  computer  science  from  mit,  pune.in  her  spare  time,  she  is  interested  in  travelling,  reading  and  learning  about  new  technologies.  you  may  use  these  tags  and  attributes:  if  lte  ie  8script  charsetutf8  typetext/javascript  src//js.hsforms.net/forms/v2legacy.js/scriptendif  2019  einfochips  an  arrow  company,  all  rights  reserved.  know  more  about  arrows  and
__label__environmentmonitoring sorry,  temboo  requires  javascript  please  enable  it  in  your  browser  and  try  again.  undetected  gas  leaks  can  be  deadly  and  costly.  weve  built  an  application  that  monitors  a  gas  line  for  leaks  and  allows  the  remote  control  of  a  gas  valve  to  prevent  further  leakage.  first,  for  amazon  web  services.  go  to  security  credentials  and  obtain  your  awsaccesskeyid  and  awssecretkeyid.  create  a  .  this  will  be  used  to  communicate  with  the  gas  valve.  the  board  will  retrieve  instructional  messages  sent  from  an  ios  application.  limit  the  retention  time  to  5  minutes  to  ensure  older  messages  arent  read  by  mistake.  find
__label__environmentmonitoring your  12  digit  included  in  the  url  and  arn  of  your  queue.  create  a  .  this  will  be  used  to  send  notifications  to  the  operations  manager  in  charge  of  the  gas  line.  create  a  with  the  email  address  that  the  alert  should  be  sent  to  as  the  subscription  endpoint.  locate  the  of  the  topic  you  want  to  publish  to.  connect  the  power  and  ground  of  your  board  to  your  breadboard.  when  gas  levels  rise  above  1.2  on  the  sensor,  the  amazon  sns  alert  will  be  triggered.  well  add  some  smoothing  to  our  data  in  the  final  code  by  looking  at
__label__environmentmonitoring the  average  of  the  last  100  readings.  connect  the  middle  pin  of  the  gas  sensor  to  power,  and  the  third  pin  of  your  sensor  to  ground.  the  solenoid  valve  can  be  closed  via  the  ios  app  which  sends  a  message  to  an  sqs  queue.  if  a  gas  leak  is  detected,  our  board  will  retrieve  messages  from  the  queue  to  receive  instruction.  connect  the  ground  of  the  solenoid  valve  to  the  collector  pin  middle  of  the  tip120  transistor.  connect  the  emitter  pin  third  of  the  tip120  transistor  to  ground.  important  never  connect  the  positive  side  of  the  12v  power  source  to
__label__environmentmonitoring your  board.  if  connected  improperly,  your  board  will  have  a  new  career  as  a  door  stop.  connect  the  ground  of  the  12v  power  supply  to  the  same  ground  as  your  board.  connect  the  positive  end  of  the  12v  power  supply  to  the  rail  with  the  power  end  of  the  pump.  if  this  is  the  first  time  using  temboo,  youll  need  to  set  up  your  artik  board  to  find  the  temboo  libraries.  to  do  so,  youll  need  to  create  the  file  temboo.conf  in  /etc/ld.so.conf.d.  inside  of  temboo.conf,  youll  want  to  copy  the  line  below  and  paste  it  into  the  file:  after
__label__environmentmonitoring saving  temboo.conf,  run  ldconfig  from  the  command  line  to  add  the  temboo  library  directory  to  the  system  library  search  path.  youll  also  need  to  get  the  ip  address  of  your  artik  board  using  ifconfig.  the  example  below  shows  the  results  when  the  artik  board  is  connected  to  the  internet  through  an  ethernet  cable.  the  ip  address  youll  want  to  use  is  listed  next  to  inet.  download  and  unzip  the  iot  application  file.  in  your  iot  application  folder,  youll  find  a  samsung  folder  containing  the  folder  with  code  for  the  artik.  copy  the  samsung  folder  to  your  artik  board  using  scp.
__label__environmentmonitoring from  your  computer,  go  to  the  directory  where  the  samsung  folder  is  located  and  type  the  command  below.  make  sure  you  use  the  ip  address  for  your  board  you  found  using  ifconfig.  now  into  the  directory  on  your  artik  where  you  placed  the  folder  and  and  compile  and  run  your  code  using  the  command  below.  were  always  happy  to  help.  just  email  us  at  ,  and  well  answer  your  questions.  open  the  file  with  energia.  while  the  sketch  is  running,  open  the  serial  monitor  and  you  should  see  your  app  running.  congratulations  now  that  you  know  how  to  make  your
__label__environmentmonitoring launchpad  run  any  choreo,  youre  just  a  few  steps  away  from  making  something  extraordinary.  you  can  find  more  examples  of  how  to  use  temboo  with  your  launchpad  .  were  always  happy  to  help.  just  email  us  at  ,  and  well  answer  your  questions.  save  and  upload  your  sketch  to  the  arduino  yn,  and  open  the  serial  monitor.  congratulations  youve  just  run  an  iot  application.  with  temboo  handling  all  the  small  stuff,  youre  free  to  think  big.  you  can  find  lots  of  examples  of  how  to  use  temboo  with  your  yn  .  were  always  happy  to  help.  just  email  us  at
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  and  well  answer  your  questions.  make  sure  you  have  the  latest  xcode,  which  can  be  downloaded  .  download  the  code  at  the  link  above.  unzip  the  files  where  you  can  find  them.  you  should  see  one  folder  containing  the  ios  code,  and  another  containing  the  hardware  device  code.  locate  the  file  in  the  ios  code.  open  the  file  with  xcode  and  you  should  see  all  of  the  accompanying  files  in  the  project  navigator.  if  the  file  titles  in  your  project  navigator  are  red,  youll  need  to  relink  them  by  clicking  control  and  selecting  add  files  to  the  latest  temboo
__label__environmentmonitoring ios  sdk  can  be  downloaded  .  save  and  unzip  it  to  a  folder  where  you  can  find  it.  once  again,  youll  need  to  controlclick  on  the  toplevel  folder  in  your  xcode  project  navigator.  select  add  files  to  repeat  the  above  steps  to  add  the  appropriate  files  located  in  the  sdks  src/library  folder.  make  sure  you  have  a  device  selected  in  the  simulator,  and  click  the  run  button.  congratulations  you  should  see  the  app  displayed  in  the  simulator  window.  go  ahead  and  try  it  out,  and  you  should  see  the  choreo  results  printed  to  the  console.  were  always  happy  to  help.
__label__environmentmonitoring high  volume  plastic  lamination  and  printed  electronics  techniques  to  make  high  performance  electrochemical  gas  sensors  in  a  thin,  lower  cost  package.  two  different  sensors  with  ultralow  power  consumption  designed  for  the  nonspecific  broad  detection  of  gases.  quickly  integrate  gas  sensing  into  your  final  design.  add  gas  sensing  to  your  device  copyright  2019  spec  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__environmentmonitoring products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  improving  the  functioning  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry  with  iot  the  business  of  identifying  an  oil  and  gas  source  and  extracting  products  with
__label__environmentmonitoring efficiency  is  filled  with  many  challenges.  if  you  are  looking  for  how  to  track  oil  and  natural  gas  leakage,  how  to  enhance  the  value  of  existing  assets  with  the  minimum  cost  and  how  to  reduce  problems  in  drilling  and  extraction  processes  this  blog  post  is  for  you.  in  this  blog  post,  we  are  going  to  discuss  how  enable  augmented  functioning  of  an  oil  and  gas  company  with:  1.pipelines  monitoring  the  backbone  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  a  dense  network  of  pipelines  spanning  over  three  million  kilometers  across  the  world.  whether  its  a  centuryold  pipe  or  just  constructed,  oil
__label__environmentmonitoring and  gas  pipeline  leakage  is  the  main  concern.  however,  pipelines  are  by  far  the  safest  way  to  move  large  quantities  of  petroleum  and  indeed  the  only  way  to  transport  natural  gas.  but  it  can  become  a  serious  issue  when  an  accident  occurs.  when  atmospheric  pressure  is  subjected  to  leaked  gas,  it  poses  a  high  danger  of  explosion.  while  an  oil  leakage  does  not  pose  an  explosion  danger,  companies  may  lose  their  assets  and  be  accountable  for  massive  consequences.  forget  a  meterlong  rupture,  what  if  you  want  to  detect  a  leak  as  small  as  a  pinhole?  of  course,  this  can  easily
__label__environmentmonitoring be  missed  by  visual  inspection  until  it  becomes  dangerous.  the  oil  and  gas  industry,  therefore,  requires  sensing  technology  capable  of  monitoring  pressure,  flow,  compressor  condition,  temperature,  density  and  other  variables.  the  best  part  of  implementing  internet  of  things  iot  technology  is  that  even  decadesold  pipelines  are  retrofittable.  the  following  diagram  shows  how  iot  can  monitor  oil  and  gas  pipelines.  currently,  some  of  the  widely  used  sensing  technologies  in  oil  and  gas  pipeline  leakage  monitoring  are:  acoustic  sensing:  accelerometers:  fiber  optic  sensing:  senses  the  variety  of  physical  and  chemical  properties  of  hydrocarbon  spillage  along  the  pipelines  based  on  three  classes  of
__label__environmentmonitoring scattering,  namely  raman,  rayleigh  and  brillouin  scattering.  infrared  thermography:  detects  changes  in  temperature  in  the  pipeline  environment  using  infrared  cameras  in  the  infrared  range  of  9001400  nm.  fluorescence  sensing:  perceives  the  event  of  hydrocarbon  spillage  using  light  sources  of  a  specific  wavelength.  an  asset  maintenance  programs  objective  is  straightforward:  to  increase  the  asset  value  and  decrease  unplanned  downtime.  it  is  a  muchknown  fact  that  the  oil  and  gas  industry  loses  between  35  of  their  production  to  unplanned  downtime.  imagine  a  company  produces  10,000  barrels  of  crude  oil  per  day  and  it  manages  to  gain  one  percent  increase  in  asset  utilization.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  payoff  would  be  millions  of  dollars  in  additional  revenue.  meeting  the  difficulties  of  unplanned  downtime  can,  therefore,  reap  enormous  benefits  to  oil  and  gas  companies.  lets  say  you  are  an  active  company  in  the  upstream  oil  and  gas  sector  where  you  often  drill  new  wells  and  install  new  manufacturing  equipment  on  land,  offshore  and  even  on  the  seabed  in  remote  or  hostile  places.  if  something  goes  wrong  at  these  distant  production  locations,  do  you  have  the  expertise  and  parts  close  at  hand?  today  iot  implementation  has  made  it  possible  to  know  the  repairs  required  in  advance.  therefore,  todays  oil
__label__environmentmonitoring and  gas  industry  relies  on  a  contemporary  predictive  maintenance  strategy  made  possible  by  smart  assets  and  modernday  dataanalytics  platforms  and  solutions.  it  has  been  estimated  that  only  1  of  the  data  gathered  from  wells  is  made  available  to  the  oil  and  gas  decisionmakers.  this  is  a  big  problem  because  the  average  cost  for  offshore  oil  drilling  rigs  is  around  650  million  and  poor  performance  of  wells  is  a  headache  for  many.  traditionally,  scada  has  been  the  upstream  segments  centerpiece  for  managing  well  performance.  while  scada  allows  the  basic  visualization  of  well  data  and  analysis  of  streaming  data  on  the  fly,
__label__environmentmonitoring it  does  not  provide  advanced  analytics  capabilities.  in  fact,  insights  derived  from  several  geographically  distributed  sites  via  advanced  analytics  are  critical  to  increase  the  performance  of  drilling  and  extraction  activities.  iot  fills  this  gap  and  offers  possibilities  for  executing  advanced  analytics  on  historical  data  from  numerous  geographically  distributed  wells,  which  promises  to  increase  crude  oil  production  over  a  period.  for  extraction  activities,  iot  can  be  applied  to  monitor  the  efficiency  of  an  artificial  lift  by  monitoring  the  productivity  of  sucker  rod  pumps  and  electrical  submersible  pumps.  so,  in  a  nutshell,  it  can  be  concluded  that  iot  plays  a  vital  role
__label__environmentmonitoring in  through  countless  benefits  that  can  empower  company  owners  to  boost  revenue  and  profitability.  whether  your  pipelines  are  centuriesold,  drilling  rigs  and  extraction  pumps  are  in  hardtoreach  places,  legacy  equipment  is  designed  to  communicate  locally  with  scada  or  looking  for  an  endtoend  iot  solution  implementation  do  not  hesitate  to  .  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  plano,  tx  75024  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  elgin,  il  60124  5  6,  garden  view  corporate  house,  bodakdev,  ahmedabad,  gj  380054  8663457638  2019  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring upstream,  midstream,  and  downstream  oil  and  gas  upstream  preventative  maintenance  for  remote  oil  and  gas  equipment  midstream  environmental  monitoring  and  regulatory  compliance  downstream  enabling  distributors  with  realtime  supply  chain  data  how  to  start  your  iot  journey  developing  your  own  connected  device  has  a  few  key  benefits.  first,  you  can  easily  customize  and  tailor  a  solution  to  meet  your  organizations  specific  needs.  you  will  not  be  tied  to  a  rigid  system  that  cannot  adapt  to  your  fleets  evolution  and  shifting  requirements.  second,  you  can  scale  new  revenue  channels  by  having  open  access  to  any  business  or  performance  data  you  need,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring integrate  these  data  streams  into  your  existing  analytics  platforms.  start  your  journey  by  checking  out  particles  hardware  development  kits  on  the  particle  store,or  contact  our  team  of  experts  at  to  discuss  solution  development.  to  learn  more  about  how  iot  is  powering  the  oil  and  gas  industry,  check  out  the  complete  report  .
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  in  oil  and  gas  presents  huge  opportunities  for  asset  visibility,  operational  efficiency  and  safety  management,  but  the  transition  from  brownfields  to  digital  oilfields  can  be  costintensive  and  very  challenging.  offshore  distance,  explosive  atmospheres,  rugged  terrains,  absent  power  supply  and  electromagnetic  interference  create  a  demanding  environment  for  any  wireless  network.  with  long  range,  high  power  efficiency  and  strong  interference  immunity,  mythings  delivers  the  most  resilient  sensor  connectivity  for  the  automation  of  manual  processes  on  oil  and  gas  fields.  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  increase  visibility  and  integrity  of  your  critical  assets  from  pumps  and  compressors,  to  pipes  and
__label__environmentmonitoring tanks.  monitor  key  factors  like  remote  pressure,  temperature,  flow  rate,  corrosion,  ruptures  and  leakage.  get  notified  of  anomalies  to  prevent  hazards  and  production  loss  and  proactively  schedule  maintenance.  identify  potential  threats  of  fuel  theft  and  spillage.  increase  visibility  and  integrity  of  your  critical  assets  from  pumps  and  compressors,  to  pipes  and  tanks.  monitor  key  factors  like  remote  pressure,  temperature,  flow  rate,  corrosion,  ruptures  and  leakage.  get  notified  of  anomalies  to  prevent  hazards  and  production  loss  and  proactively  schedule  maintenance.  identify  potential  threats  of  fuel  theft  and  spillage.  gain  realtime  insights  into  the  status  of  your  machinery  and  its  operating  condition
__label__environmentmonitoring e.g.  electric  motors,  turbines,  valves,  ventilators.  identify  causes  of  past  failures  and  future  error  probability  to  effectively  schedule  maintenance  and  minimize  costly  production  downtime.  track  multilevel  energy  consumption  from  plant,  process  unit  to  machinerylevel  with  enabled  wireless  smart  meters.  analyze  energy  flows,  consumption  patterns  and  usage  behavior  across  multiple  sites  to  effectively  plan  production,  identify  power  waste  sources  and  improve  energy  efficiency.  track  workers  health  and  activity  parameters  in  realtime  such  as  pulse,  fall  detection  emergency  distress  indicators  and  gps  and  trigger  emergency  signals  when  an  accident  or  outoftolerance  incident  occurs.  monitor  environmental  conditions  such  as  air  quality  or  gas
__label__environmentmonitoring our  oil  and  gas  customer  wanted  to  deploy  to  help  them:  by  using  iot  analytics,  our  customer  can:  among  the  challenges  our  customer  faced,  the  first  was  the  inability  to  access  their  iot  data.  other  business  units  in  the  enterprise  owned  and  controlled  the  assets  in  the  field.  although  many  had  iot  data,  they  could  not  let  that  data  leave  their  onpremises  environment.  to  prove  the  value  of  pushing  iot  data  to  the  cloud,  our  customer  used  some  connected  assets  and  had  data  flow  through  an  core,  which  is  software  that  lets  you  run  local  compute  and  data  caching  for
__label__environmentmonitoring connected  devices.  from  the  iot  greengrass  core,  the  data  was  sent  to  the  cloud  to  and  then  ingested  by  iot  analytics.  the  second  challenge  was  technical  in  nature  and  common  when  building  iot  solutions:  how  to  handle  massive  volumes  of  data.  our  customer  needed  a  large  dataset  generated  from  their  connected  assets  so  that  they  could  be  confident  that  iot  analytics  could  handle  volumes  of  streamed  data  moving  from  iot  core  through  iot  greengrass.  because  time  was  also  of  the  essence,  our  customer  used  historical  iot  data  and  loaded  it  directly  into  iot  analytics.  this  made  it  possible  for  the
__label__environmentmonitoring data  science  team  to  build  and  test  their  anomalydetection  models  on  years  of  data  generated  by  assets  owned  by  various  business  units.  this  also  allowed  our  customer  to  iterate  on  the  iot  analytics  pipeline  preprocessing  and  enrichment  steps  on  a  large  amount  of  data.  this  approach  ensured  our  customer  was  getting  the  desired  output  from  the  pipeline  process  and  then  storing  that  output  in  their  data  store  before  having  a  live  stream  of  iot  data  feeding  the  service.  it  provided  confidence  in  the  pipeline  output  and  the  data  schema  of  the  data  store.  our  customer  chose  aws  iot  analytics  for
__label__environmentmonitoring a  couple  of  key  reasons:  this  is  arguably  the  most  compelling  reason  for  our  customer.  now,  they  can  derive  immediate  value  from  data  sitting  in  storage  for  years  and  bypass  the  long  process  of  connecting  iot  assets  to  the  cloud,  an  effort  that  can  take  up  to  18  months  due  to  various  security,  compliance,  and  privacy  requirements.  today,  our  customer  is  exploring  machine  learning  models  through  our  jupyter  notebook  templates.  they  can  quickly  modify  the  template  to  meet  their  use  cases  and  then  build  and  test  it  against  their  historical  iot  data  they  can  load  directly  in  iot  analytics.  they
__label__environmentmonitoring can  quickly  validate  their  hypothesis  and  derive  great  value  just  from  their  historical  iot  data.  they  have  even  gotten  other  business  units  engaged  and  excited  about  what  is  possible  with  aws  iot  analytics.  lastly,  our  customer  learned  how  challenging  it  can  be  to  get  iot  data  from  connected  assets  in  the  field  and  then  stream  that  data  to  the  cloud.  to  reduce  risk,  our  customer  took  a  parallel  approach  to  the  project,  showing  value  from  their  iot  data  early  on  through  iot  analytics  while  prototyping  an  iot  device  connectivity  solution  using  iot  greengrass.  through  these  efforts,  they  have  rallied  more
__label__environmentmonitoring support  from  the  business,  can  access  iot  data  for  analytics,  and  can  scale  with  their  growing  volumes  of  data.  our  customers  goals  were  to  validate  their  hypothesis  that  iot  data,  with  proper  analysis,  provides  meaningful  value  to  the  enterprise.  they  also  wanted  to  create  a  prototype  that  provides  the  other  business  units  with  a  blueprint  for  connecting  devices  to  the  aws  cloud,  unlocking  iot  device  data  from  assets  in  the  field,  and  moving  that  data  to  iot  analytics  for  analysis.  in  the  near  future,  our  customer  plans  to  test  their  anomalydetection  models  in  iot  analytics  and  deploy  them  at  the
__label__environmentmonitoring edge  using  iot  greengrass  ml  inference.  this  is  for  use  cases  where  even  milliseconds  are  not  fast  enough.  a  roundtrip  to  the  cloud  and  back  yields  too  much  latency  or  is  not  assured  due  to  connectivity  challenges.  minority  /  women  /  disability  /  veteran  /  gender  identity  /  sexual  orientation  /  age.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  energyindustry,  whether  oil  and  gas  or  renewables,  has  been  ripe  for  disruptive  transformation  through  the  internet  of  things.  todays  use  case  is  coming  from  a  cincinnatibased  startup  called,miqrotech.  this  iot  company  is  applying  new  iot  sensor  technology  to  disrupt  the  gas  and  oil  pipeline  monitoring  market.  miqrotech  pairs  internet  of  things  iot  devices  with  artificial  intelligence  ai  and  guided  machine  learning  to  predict  oil  and  gas  pipeline  leaks  in  realtime  before  they  occur.  per  their  estimates,  a  30b  market  opportunity.  heres  a  video  of  its  ceo,  ,  describing  the  technology,  use  case,  and  market  size  estimates.  excellent  nineminutewatch.  also
__label__environmentmonitoring published  on  .  kevin  gold  is  a  b2b  media  veteran  with  more  than  10  years  of  experience  in  the  data  center,  hosting  and  internet  infrastructure  markets,  primarily  in  executive  marketing  and  communications  roles.  he  researches,  writes  about  and  provides  strategic  guidance  to  b2b  companies  on  trends  in  iot  security,  endpoints  and  applications  that  drive  business  growth.  idc  forecasts  global  iot  spending  at  1.2  trillion  in  just  four  more  years  china  launches  a  drone  disguised  as  a  pigeon.  car  dealerships  are  ripe  for  disruption  by  the  iot.  iot  sources  encourages  quality  earlystage  educational  content  contributions.  iot  sources  is  pleased  to  provide
__label__environmentmonitoring explore  hundreds  of  devices  certified  to  operate  on  the  senet  network  this  blog  post  is  the  first  of  several  on  use  cases  for  lorawan  iot  technology  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry.  in  this  first  post,  we  look  at  the  broader  benefits  of  iot  in  the  extraction,  transportation  and  production  of  oil  and  gas,  and  how  iot  can  help  them  increase  productivity  and  reduce  cost.  the  transalaska  pipeline  taps  is  one  of  the  worlds  largest  pipeline  systems.  it  stretches  800  miles  across  the  beautiful,  yet  unforgiving,  frozen  tundra.  it  begins  on  alaskas  north  slope  in  prudhoe  bay,  goes  southward  over
__label__environmentmonitoring the  towering  brooks  range  of  the  northern  rockies  and  ends  at  the  valdez  marine  terminal  at  the  head  of  prince  william  sound  where  tankers  await.  since  going  into  production  in  1977,  taps  has  delivered  more  than  17  billion  barrels  to  more  than  21,000  tankers.  today,  the  pipeline  accounts  for  approximately  17  percent  of  the  united  states  annual  oil  production,  and  it  is  the  largest  pipeline  within  americas  2.5  million  mile  pipeline  network  that  crisscrosses  the  country.  now  in  its  40  year  of  operation,  taps  is  a  microcosm  of  the  oil  and  gas  og  industrys  challenges  to  modernize  and  increase  production,
__label__environmentmonitoring while  boosting  efficiency,  in  a  challenging  business  environment  of  low  oil  prices,  insatiable  demand  and  increasing  scarcity  of  resources.  taps  has  a  risk  profile  that  is  shared  by  the  majority  of  the  2.5  million  miles  of  pipeline  systems  in  the  u.s.  propublica  estimates  that  more  than  50  percent  of  the  pipelines  are  more  than  50  years  old.  their  advancing  age  makes  them  increasingly  vulnerable  to  accidents  such  as  pipe  leaks  and  ruptures  that  could  have  a  devastating  environmental  impact,  while  inflicting  high  human  and  financial  costs.  modernization  of  aging  infrastructure  is  one  of  the  primary  reasons  that  80  percent  of
__label__environmentmonitoring oil  and  gas  companies  plan  to  spend  the  same,  more  or  significantly  more  on  digital  technologies  for  communications  and  iot  in  the  next  three  to  five  years,  according  to  a  recent  oil  and  gas  survey  by  accenture  .  replacing  an  oil  pipeline  or  rig  that  fails  in  the  field  can  easily  mean  millions  a  day  in  lost  revenue  and  production.  rather  than  patch,  repair  and  rebuild,  its  usually  more  advantageous  to  predict  and  address  maintenance  problems  before  they  escalate  which  is  why  lorawan  iot  solutions  are  an  ideal  match.  the  og  sector  is  one  of  the  most  capitalintensive  industries  in
__label__environmentmonitoring an  industrial  economy.  lorawan  can  give  og  companies  a  reliable,  inexpensive  way  to  proactively  manage  and  monitor  their  aging  infrastructure,  equipment  and  system  in  remote  geographies.  lpwans  and  loracompatible  products  are  transforming  the  way  og  companies  can  monitor,  maintain  and  manage  their  infrastructure,  machines  and  production  in  the  field  in  very  remote  regions  at  the  point  when  oil  is  extracted  from  the  ground;  to  its  storage  and  transportation;  to  the  refineries;  to  its  transport  and  storage  for  customers.  lorabased  remote  monitoring  applications  can  link  machines  or  infrastructure  like  pipelines,  oil  platforms  and  storage  tanks  using  device  sensors  that  have  a
__label__environmentmonitoring long  range  approximately  15  miles,  long  battery  power  life  approximately  10  years;  bidirectional  communication  capabilities;  and  are  extremely  low  cost.  lpwans  and  loracompatible  products  are  transforming  the  way  the  og  industry  monitors,  measures,  manages  and  maintains  their  infrastructure  and  production  in  the  field,  and  how  fuel  is  delivered  to  their  customers.  these  remote  monitoring  applications  produce  actionable  data  that  can  improve  the  reliability,  safety  and  performance  across  all  levels  of  the  og  supply  chain.  these  improvements  enable  better  decision  making,  create  new  ways  for  safer,  more  efficient  operations  and  bring  important  information  from  all  over  the  business  directly  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring people  who  need  it  most.  for  example,  data  received  several  times  a  day  from  the  system  monitoring  of  the  oil  platforms  could  be  transmitted  back  to  its  centralized  production  center  giving  the  og  provider  greater  value,  control  and  understanding  of  the  production  levels  of  its  oil  platforms.  similar  to  other  sectors  like  cities  and  municipalities  who  are  moving  to  iot,  the  og  industry  can  often  leverage  smart  iot  technologies  lowpower,  wireless  sensors  and  cloud  infrastructure  and  integrate  them  into  existing  infrastructure  and  systems  from  offshore  oil  platforms  in  the  gulf  of  mexico  to  arctic  oil  fields  in  alaskas  northern  slope.
__label__environmentmonitoring with  potential  infrastructure  savings  as  high  as  80  percent,  wireless  has  become  the  default  option  for  remote  monitoring  for  wellhead  automation,  equipment  maintenance,  asset  management,  safety,  health  and  environmental  monitoring,  said  jeff  kreegar  at  on  world.  lpwans  low  total  cost  versus  alternative  technologies  give  it  an  overwhelming  advantage  for  delivering  efficiency,  cost  savings  and  productivity  improvements  for  og  providers  extracting,  producing  and  refining,  and  delivering  oil  and  gas  to  the  marketplace.  operating  wellheads,  oil  platforms  and  pipelines  are  often  in  offline,  harsh  and  rural  environments  and  geographies  where  cellular  coverage  is  inconsistent  or  nonexistent.  however,  using  lpwans  in  these  areas
__label__environmentmonitoring allow  its  sensors  to  locate  points  of  failure,  remotely  and  dramatically  reduce  the  risk  of  down  times  and  saves  a  considerable  amount  of  cost.  in  refinery  operations,  lorawan  applications  can  provide  valuable  information  that  is  updated  several  times  a  day,  including  flow  rate  and  pipe  pressure  as  well  as  provide  companies  with  the  ability  to  deploy  it  more  widely  into  other  parts  of  the  refinery,  which  allows  them  access  to  more  data  and  greater  insight  into  the  operations  of  their  refinery.  in  wellhead  operations,  monitoring  of  the  pump  jack  and  wellhead  operations  to  reduce  unplanned  downtime  maintain  safety  and  regularly
__label__environmentmonitoring compliance  are  just  a  few  of  the  ways  lpwans  can  be  utilized  in  pipeline  monitoring.  as  noted  earlier  for  pipelines,  lpwans  allow  companies  to  monitor  and  proactively  maintain  their  og  pipelines  for  leaks  and  ruptures  with  more  breadth,  greater  precision  and  dramatically  lower  cost.  with  the  vast  majority  of  offshore  og  production  being  conducted  in  remote  and  extreme  areas  devoid  of  traditional  communications,  lpwans  with  their  low  cost  and  longevity  long  battery  life  are  ideally  suited  for  monitoring  oil  pressure,  flow  rates,  temperatures  and  other  kpis  during  the  drilling  and  extraction  process  for  offshore  oil  rigs.  at  sea,  smaller  scale
__label__environmentmonitoring lpwan  deployment  allows  the  ships  crew  to  monitor  its  vast  cargo  area,  and  gather  data  about  its  oil  cargo  including  temperature,  pressure  and  flow  rates.  lpwans  can  give  more  data  about  their  cargo,  while  also  allowing  the  monitoring  of  areas  of  the  ship  previously  not  accessible.  the  captain  and  his/her  crew  not  only  have  a  greater  understanding  of  the  condition  of  their  cargo,  but  their  workload  is  reduced  considerably.  on  the  macro  level,  iot  and  lpwans  allow  og  companies  to  integrate  sensing,  communications  and  analytics  capabilities  into  their  existing  infrastructure  and  system  at  a  relatively  low  cost.  its  promise  and
__label__environmentmonitoring potential  are  not  only  helping  og  companies  more  efficiently  and  profitably  operate  and  manage  their  existing  assets,  supply  chains  and  customer  relationships,  but  its  also  giving  them  a  treasure  trove  of  updated  data.  this  information  will  help  og  companies  make  more  informed  decisions  that  will  help  them  produce  more  with  less,  while  growing  and  evolving  their  businesses  for  decades  to  come.  in  our  next  post,  we  will  take  a  closer  look  at  one  part  of  the  og  business  fuel  delivery  and  how  lorawan  technology  like  senets  is  helping  fuel  delivery  companies  deliver  propane  and  home  heating  oil  more  efficiently  to
__label__environmentmonitoring their  customers,  while  delivering  more  roi  to  the  companys  bottom  line.  for  senet  sales  call:  for  public  relations  call:  for  foundry  services  call:  for  senet  sales  call:  for  public  relations  call:  for  foundry  services  call:
__label__environmentmonitoring oil  firm  shell  is  taking  advantage  of  an  internet  of  things  iot  connectivity  solution  to  improve  the  companys  monitoring  capabilities  in  its  operations  in  nigeria.  last  year,  u.s.  iot  connectivity  provider  ingenu  and  croatian  producer  of  industrial  electronics  and  power  electronics  devices  koncar  inem  delivered  an  iot  connectivity  solution  to  provide  digital  oilfield  capabilities  to  the  shell  nigeria  pipeline  facility.  the  digital  oilfield  dof  solution  provides  pipeline  surveillance  and  wellhead  monitoring  capabilities  to  remote  infrastructure  in  the  niger  delta.  the  dof  solution  combines  it  automation  and  instrumentation  technologies  to  provide  a  support  platform  to  use  remote  field  data  while  optimizing
__label__environmentmonitoring operational  efficiencies.  this  integrated  technology  platform  offers  faster  analysis  and  more  efficient  data  management  to  provide  insight  into  field  processes,  resulting  in  safe  and  efficient  oilfield  operation,  ingenu  and  koncar  inem  said.  in  addition  to  ingenus  random  phase  multiple  access  rpma  network  technology,  shell  evaluated  communications  solutions  including  satellite,  pi  to  sms,  and  gprs,  which  required  significant  infrastructure  investment  for  towers,  radios,  data  communications  equipment,  battery  banks,  logistics  and  installation.  utilizing  endpoint  devices  enabled  with  rpma,  koncar  provided  shell  nigeria  with  a  collection  of  field  data  pertaining  to  pipeline  pressure,  temperature,  and  flow.  the  koncar  remote  terminal  units  and  wireless
__label__environmentmonitoring pressure  and  temperature  transmitters  were  installed  in  flow  stations,  manifolds,  and  wellheads  to  provide  connection  from  the  field  to  the  back  office,  with  the  aim  of  ensuring  reliable  information  transmission.  additionally,  many  of  the  oil  wells  being  exploited  by  shell  are  located  in  challenging  areas,  trapped  thousands  of  meters  underground.  to  help  the  tricky  operations  run  more  efficiently,  shell  turned  to  smart  field  technology.  it  installed  thousands  of  sensors  on  its  equipment,  such  as  valves  and  pumps.  the  sensors  capture  data  on  temperature,  pressure,  and  other  measurements,  and  sends  it  out  to  control  centers  back  on  land.  here,  engineers  read
__label__environmentmonitoring the  measurements  and  monitor  production  in  real  time  so  they  can  optimize  each  individual  process.  smart  fields  is  about  integrating  people,  processes  and  technology,  said  joseph  low,  a  senior  engineer  based  at  shells  kuala  lumpur  center.  you  can  make  decisions  or  solve  problems  in  a  day  whereas  before  they  might  have  taken  a  week  and  have  slowed  production  down.  smart  fields  is  more  than  just  monitoring  and  sending  information.  its  an  entire  package  of  integrated  solutions  that  includes  highquality  videoconferencing,  smart  wells,  reservoir  surveillance,  and  fiber  optics  for  realtime  monitoring.  it  connects  the  correct  data  with  the  correct  person  so
__label__environmentmonitoring that  problems  can  be  addressed  in  a  timely  manner.  the  technology  has  enabled  projects  to  increase  production,  reduce  downtime  and  improve  the  overall  recovery  of  oil  and  gas  while  reducing  costs  and  minimizing  safety  risks,  according  to  shell.  in  another  iot  case  study,  rockwell  automation  is  tackling  the  complexities  of  the  oil  industry  with  a  solution  that  helps  monitor  every  step  of  the  petroleum  supply  chain.  what  were  talking  about  is  delivering  a  degree  of  collaboration  and  visibility  unheard  of  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry,  said  doug  weber,  business  manager,  remote  application  monitoring  for  rockwell  automation.  with  sensors,  software
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  cloud,  these  disparate  assets  can  become  part  of  a  connected  enterprise,  powered  at  its  core  by  a  rich  flow  of  data.  rockwell  is  using  microsofts  iot  services  to  provide  support  for  its  products  in  the  field.  the  company  is  using  a  combination  of  cloudbased  solutions,  software,  sensors  and  devices  to  predict  equipment  failures,  track  performance  in  real  time,  and  help  refine  designs  and  processes  to  prevent  future  failures.  preventing  those  failures  means  savings  millions  of  dollars.  a  single  pump  failing  in  an  offshore  rig  can  halt  operations  and  cost  100,000  to  300,000  a  day  in  lost  production,  according
__label__environmentmonitoring to  rockwell.  to  avoid  those  loses,  rockwell  outfitted  its  pumps  electrical  variable  speed  drives  to  microsofts  azure  cloud  so  they  could  be  monitored  in  real  time,  providing  readings  for  pressure,  temperature,  flow  rates,  and  other  measurements  to  engineers.  rockwell  is  also  working  to  make  gas  pumps  smart  by  installing  cloud  gateway  appliances  at  each  station.  these  pieces  of  equipment  collect  data  and  securely  send  it  to  a  cloud  platform.  that  information  is  put  in  a  dashboard  that  can  be  easily  viewed  on  a  pc,  android,  windows  phones  or  iphones.  related  related  contributing  writer,  emea  apac  jptomasyahoo.com  i  have  a  degree
__label__environmentmonitoring in  international  relations  and  a  masters  in  journalism.  i  have  worked  seven  years  for  business  news  americas,  covering  telecoms  and  it  news  in  latin  american  markets.  i  have  also  worked  for  telecompaper  as  regional  editor  for  latin  america  and  asia  pacific.  i  have  also  contributed  with  usbased  magazine  latin  trade  as  the  publications  correspondent  in  argentina  and  with  ukbased  political  risk  consultancy  firm  exclusive  analysis,  writing  reports  and  providing  political  and  economic  information  from  certain  latin  american  markets.  i  am  married  and  i  have  two  kids.
__label__environmentmonitoring every  year,  approximately  1  million  daily  shipments  of  hazardous  materials  are  made  by  land,  sea  and  air,  reports  the  pipeline  and  hazardous  materials  safety  administration  phmsa.  in  the  u.s.  alone,  hundreds  of  companies  operate  almost  of  oil  and  gas  pipeline  transport  systems,  through  which  trillions  of  cubic  feet  of  natural  gas  and  hundreds  of  billions  of  tons  of  liquid  petroleum  products  are  transported  every  year.  while  some  of  these  pipelines  ship  from  wells  and  refineries,  others  provide  gas  .  crossing  mixed  terrain,  the  pipelines  often  pass  through  land  and  across  large  areas,  some  of  which  are  densely  populated.  to  keep
__label__environmentmonitoring safety  conditions  stable,  more  than  system  change  alerts  are  needed.  increased  data  is  required  to  measure,  analyze,  and  conduct  action  plans  and  preventative  actions  to  lessen  risks  of  failures.  upstream  and  downstream  segments  of  the  oil  and  gas  industry  consist  of  complex  equipment  thats  critical  to  the  overall  functioning  of  the  operational  system.  this  equipment  not  only  protects  inventory,  people  and  environments,  but  also  helps  operators  adhere  to  the  industrys  stringent  regulations.  monitoring  equipment  includes  instrumentation  on  the  gas  pipelines  and  performance  monitoring  gauges  spread  across  vast  areas  of  land.  tens  of  millions  of  dollars  are  spent  annually  on  maintaining
__label__environmentmonitoring this  equipment,  and  the  data  is  either  fetched  manually  or  by  paying  a  high  price  on  connecting  the  instrumentation  to  cellular  networks.  the  higher  the  potential  impact  of  a  disaster  on  nearby  population,  the  more  frequent  and  stringent  the  requirements  for  inspections,  maintenance,  and  upgrades.  for  example,  a  segment  that  runs  through  dallas,  within  hundreds  of  feet  of  homes,  offices,  and  schools,  requires  much  more  monitoring  than  one  along  the  rockies,  hundreds  of  miles  from  the  nearest  town.  high  consequence  areas  hcas  include  those  locations  where  commercial  business  occurs  such  as  shopping  malls,  where  people  with  limited  mobility  gather  such
__label__environmentmonitoring as  schools,  prisons,  and  hospitals,  and  where  people  gather  outdoors  such  as  sports  stadiums.  for  many  industries,  not  only  oil  and  gas,  connectivity  issues  occur  in  remote  areas  with  poor  terrestrial  networks,  which  ultimately  leads  to  data  collection  issues.  to  remedy  this,  organizations  spend  millions  to  maintain,  monitor,  and  operate  critical  equipment,  machinery,  vessels,  and  pipelines  in  these  remote  areas.  they  deploy  manual  labourers  or,  when  safety  conditions  are  poor,  they  subscribe  to  expensive  satellite  connectivity  to  collect  operating  data  from  assets  spread  across  wide  distances.  pipeline  monitoring  has  made  a  decent  amount  of  technological  strides,  but  there  still  remain
__label__environmentmonitoring some  deficiencies.  its  these  remaining  deficiencies  that  increase  vulnerability  to  damage  and  an  increased  need  for  monitoring.  and  connectivity  is  the  key  to  better  monitoring.  it  comes  down  to  affordable,  widerange  monitoring.  helios  is  disrupting  how  data  is  collected  and  delivered  for  the  purposes  of  both  monitoring  and  analysis  and  at  much  reduced  cost.  placing  microsatellites  in  the  lowearth  orbit,  helios  provides  global  coverage  to  the  darkest  areas,  connecting  devices  and  instrumentation,  while  providing  analytical  dashboards  to  the  operations  and  maintenance  staff  of  the  energy  sector  and  oil  and  gas  industry.  most  of  these  pipelines  lie  underground,  where  constant  monitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring is  .  pipeline  failures,  when  they  occur,  trigger  drops  in  pressure  that  have  automatic  system  triggers  to  close  those  valves.  should  drops  in  pressure  be  detected  by  the  satellite  system,  trouble  shooting  and  further  monitoring  can  begin  to  confirm  that  automatic  safety  procedures  are  carried  out  as  expected  and  monitored  over  time.  this  lessens  the  organizations  reliance  on  more  costly  means  of  monitoring  and  to  a  great  extent,  augments  analysis  alongside  these  alternative  monitoring  tools  and  allows  for  longterm  monitoring  and  increasing  of  operational  efficiencies.  to  learn  more  about  the  helios  system,  please  email  us:  infohelioswire.com  sign  up  below  to
__label__environmentmonitoring receive  updates  from  helios  wire:  real  people  should  not  fill  this  in  and  expect  good  things  do  not  remove  this  or  risk  form  bot  signups  end  mcembedsignup  next  post  8599,  200  375  water  street  vancouver,  bc  canada  v6b  0m9  email:  infohelioswire.com  2019  helios  wire.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  following  are  some  specific  oil  and  gas  use  cases  upstream,  midstream,  downstream  or  in  oil  field  services  that  illustrate  how  oil  and  gas  companies  can  deploy  iiot  technology  more  quickly,  securely,  costeffectively  and  with  higher  output.  the  oil  industry  can  improve  availability  and  lower  maintenance  costs  by  moving  from  a  reactionary  maintenance  program  to  a  proactive  program.  historically,  each  asset  had  to  be  visited  in  person  to  obtain  maintenance  information.  in  many  cases,  operators  are  only  able  to  get  to  an  asset  once  every  six  months.  not  only  is  this  expensive,  but  the  live  visits  run  the  risk  of
__label__environmentmonitoring missing  critical  conditions.  moving  to  a  proactive  maintenance  program  requires  the  ability  to  monitor  in  near  realtime  the  condition  of  the  compressors  such  that  compressor  experts  can  remotely  analyze  the  data  and  make  recommendations.  this  is  true  for  anywhere  compressors  are  used  in  the  upstream,  midstream  and  downstream  areas.  many  times,  the  owner/operator  would  like  to  use  a  thirdparty  monitoring  service  to  help  maintain  their  assets.  however,  granting  the  third  party  access  to  the  data  on  each  asset  without  compromising  the  security  of  the  process  network  was  very  difficult  if  not  impossible  in  the  past.  the  industry  required  a  pull
__label__environmentmonitoring and  play  solution  that  allows  owners/  operators  the  ability  to  quickly  and  safely  grant  access  to  third  parties  without  compromising  existing  infrastructure.  paramount  to  this  is  the  ability  to  manage  those  connections  remotely.  you  dont  want  to  have  to  be  required  to  make  costly  and  timeconsuming  visits  to  the  field  in  order  to  implement  or  manage  the  connections.  owners/operators  wish  to  increase  their  production  and  their  eur  by  optimizing  their  artificial  lift  program  esp,  rod  lift,  gas  lift,  etc..  but  realtime  optimization  has  not  historically  been  costeffective  in  many  situations  due  to  expensive  devices  and  even  more  realtime  scada  networks.
__label__environmentmonitoring by  moving  an  artificial  lift  to  iiot  where  one  can  use  commodity  hardware  and  commercial  networks,  you  can  optimize  artificial  lift  with  a  very  costeffective  solution.  critical  to  this  is  the  ability  to  run  the  optimization  software  locallywithout  the  need  to  construct  a  very  expensive  realtime  network.  also  imperative  to  the  solution  is  the  ability  to  download  a  customized  machine  learning  model  for  that  particular  well  in  order  to  maximize  its  unique  and  particular  situation.  iiot  networks  enable  assets  sources  of  data  to  share  information  with  decision  applications  sinks  of  data.  for  example,  a  thirdparty  operational  consultant  can  securely  access
__label__environmentmonitoring wellhead  asset  data  across  all  sites  so  as  to  recommend  structural  changes  to  current  operations.  the  same  iot  infrastructure  can  also  enable  the  operational  teams  to  continuously  monitor  multiple  elements  and  make  tactical  improvements.  this  enables  data  from  multiple  firewalled  process  controlled  networks  to  be  securely  transmitted  to  thirdparty  applications  for  analyses  and  syntheses.  required  fields  are  marked  accelerate  your  iot  deployment  with  iotium  this  site  uses  cookies.  by  continuing  to  browse  the  site,  you  are  agreeing  to  iotiums  use  of  cookies.  we  use  cookies  to  compile  aggregate  data  about  site  traffic  and  site  interactions  in  order  to  offer  better
__label__environmentmonitoring site  experiences  and  tools  in  the  future.  we  may  also  use  trusted  thirdparty  services  that  track  this  information  on  our  behalf.  you  can  choose  to  have  your  computer  alert  each  time  a  cookie  is  being  sent,  or  you  can  choose  to  turn  off  all  cookies.  if  you  decided  to  turn  off  your  cookies,  some  of  the  features  that  make  your  site  experience  more  efficient  may  not  function  properly.  you  do  this  through  your  browser  settings.  since  the  browser  is  a  little  different,  look  at  your  browsers  help  menu  to  learn  the  correct  way  to  modify  your  cookies.  these  cookies  collect
__label__environmentmonitoring information  that  is  used  either  in  aggregate  form  to  help  us  understand  how  our  website  is  being  used  or  how  effective  our  marketing  campaigns  are,  or  to  help  us  customize  our  website  and  application  in  order  to  enhance  your  experience.  if  you  do  not  want  us  to  track  your  visits,  you  can  disable  tracking  in  your  browser  here:  we  also  use  different  external  services  like  google  webfonts,  google  maps  and  external  video  providers.  since  these  providers  may  collect  personal  data  like  your  ip  address  we  allow  you  to  block  them  here.  please  be  aware  that  this  might  heavily  reduce  the
__label__environmentmonitoring functionality  and  appearance  of  our  site.  changes  will  take  effect  once  you  reload  the  page.  google  webfont  settings:  google  map  settings:  vimeo  and  youtube  video  embeds:  for  more  details,  you  can  read  about  our  cookies  and  privacy  settings  on  our  privacy  policy  page.
__label__environmentmonitoring sponsored  channels  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  riding  out  a  violent  wave  that  crashed  crude  oil  prices  per  barrel  to  less  than  40,  down  more  than  60  from  the  high  of  summer  2014.  the  result  is  a  favorable  receipt  at  the  gas  pump  for  consumers,  but  massive  losses  for  oil  and  gas  producers.  in  fact,  in  the  third  quarter  of  2014,  when  oil  prices  were  more  than  100  per  barrel,  major  gas  producers  posted  a  total  net  income  of  22.9  billion,  bloomberg  .  it  had  disappeared  by  the  end  of  2015.  an  increased  supply  and  lower  demand  has  some
__label__environmentmonitoring countries  in  the  ,  including  venezuela  and  brazil,  finding  themselves  in  financial  and  political  turmoil.  for  oil  and  gas  companies,  decreased  earnings  have  resulted  in  a  number  of  bankruptcies,  layoffs  and  investment  cuts.  many  experts  believe  the  price  of  oil  will  remain  low  for  years,  so  to  make  up  for  the  lost  revenue,  oil  and  gas  producers  are  looking  for  ways  to  decrease  production  costs.  one  way  to  do  so  is  by  investing  in  the  internet  of  things.  business  insider  report:  more  business  insider  here  are  five  use  cases  for  how  smart  devices  can  bring  many  of  the  richest  companies
__label__environmentmonitoring into  the  future.  data  collection  is  the  singlemost  important  reason  an  oil  and  gas  producer  would  implement  an  iot  solution.  with  the  production  of  millions  of  barrels  of  oil  per  day  from  rigs  around  the  world,  gathering  and  organizing  data  has  never  been  more  important.  by  some  estimates,  internal  data  generated  by  large  integrated  oil  and  gas  companies  now  exceeds  1.5  terabytes  a  day.  being  able  to  harness  and  use  that  data  increases  the  efficiency  of  workflow,  supply  chain  and  people  management,  among  other  things.  source:  shell  the  key  to  organizing  big  data  is  by  offloading  it  onto  the  cloud,
__label__environmentmonitoring so  hardware  wontget  weighed  down.  the  cloud  is  a  great  place  to  hold  information  because  it  can  easily  be  accessed  by  software  that  can  run  it  through  a  number  of  analytic  processes.  at  2015,  shantanu  agarwal,  a  partner  at  energy  ventures,  said:small  oil  and  gas  companies  are  still  running  off  of  excel.  they  have  to  move  to  cloud.  they  have  to  get  to  those  new  business  systems.  these  guys  need  adoption.  gathering  data  is  important,  but  getting  results  cant  bedone  without  a  way  to  smartly  store  and  analyze  that  data.  thats  where  the  cloud  comes  in.  with  a  connection  between
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  and  the  cloud,  information  can  be  stored  and  sent  worldwide  so  analysts  canassess  current  operations.  that  added  visibility  and  insight  allowsoiland  gascompanies  to  seemlessly  connect  their  massive  operations.  last  year,  a  1  million  return  on  an  87,000  investment  in  digital  technology  to  monitor  oil  fields  in  some  of  nigerias  toughest  terrain.  shell  chose  random  phase  multiple  access  technology  to  do  so.  ingenu  ceo  john  horn  said  shell  needed  just  eight  access  points  to  cover  its  oil  field  footprint  in  nigeria.  the  87,000  investment  covered  the  cost  of  the  equipment  and  its  installation.  a  year  after  the  equipment  was  deployed,
__label__environmentmonitoring shell  had  saved  1  million  by  reducing  site  visits  and  expediting  data  collection.  trial  and  error  is  money  thrown  away,  so  using  robots  and  sensors  to  analyze  surface  and  subterranean  environments  could  save  millions  of  dollars.  seismic  nodes  collect  large  amounts  of  data  that  can  be  used  to  determine  sites  for  oil  deposits.  sensors  also  can  collect  data  on  surface  materials,  temperatures  and  how  equipment  preforms  in  different  environments.  these  readings  all  help  oil  producers  find  new  hydrocarbon  deposits,  determine  new  spots  for  drilling  and  even  find  ways  to  optimize  alreadyoperational  rigs.  the  search  for  new  hydrocarbon  deposits  demands  a
__label__environmentmonitoring huge  amount  of  materials  logistics  with  deepwater  oil  well  costs  at  more  than  100  million.  surveying  potential  sites  involves  monitoring  the  lowfrequency  seismic  waves  in  a  process  that  calls  for  probes  put  into  the  earth  at  the  spot  being  surveyed,  which  register  if  the  waves  are  distorted  as  they  pass  through  oil  or  gas.this  normally  means  taking  a  few  thousand  readings  during  the  typical  survey  of  a  potential  drilling  site.  in  the  past  few  years  that  number  has  jumped  to  more  than1  million  increasing  the  accuracy  during  exploration.  a  good  example  of  a  successful  implementation  for  mapping  drilling  sites  is
__label__environmentmonitoring shells  use  of  fiber  optic  cables.  the  connected  sensors  gather  data  and  transfer  it  to  private  servers  maintained  by  amazon  web  services,  providing  a  far  more  accurate  image  of  what  lies  beneath,  and  can  be  compared  to  hundreds  of  other  models.  once  a  company  finds  a  good  place  to  drill,it  can  use  analytics  to  reduce  lag  time  and  decrease  the  number  of  wells  in  progress  at  one  time.  using  data  to  monitor  equipment  can  both  save  millions  of  dollars  and  ensure  a  safer  environment  around  drill  sites.  sensors  can  continually  monitor  for  any  anomalies  in  the  drilling  process  and  communicatethe
__label__environmentmonitoring findings  with  the  maintenance  team.  video  cameras  also  can  be  installed  in  areas  with  a  potentially  higher  risk  from  drilling.  with  a  stable  network  those  cameraswill  be  able  tosend  their  feed  to  rig  operators.  the  savings  potentials  are  immense,  avoiding  the  approximately  10  billion  lost  due  to  fuel  leaks  and  thefts  in  the  united  states  alone.  more  efficient  and  effective  maintenance  also  can  help  avoid  shutdowns.  according  to  a  report  by  deloitte  university  press  ,  there  were  more  than  2,200  unscheduled  refinery  shutdowns  in  the  u.s.  alone  between  2009  and  2013,  and  each  of  those  shutdowns  cost  global  process  industries
__label__environmentmonitoring 5  of  their  total  production,  or  20  billion  per  year.ineffective  maintenance  practices  also  result  in  unscheduled  downtime  that  costs  global  refiners  on  average  an  additional  60  billion  per  year  in  operating  costs.  it  has  been  estimated  that  only  1  of  the  information  gathered  is  being  made  available  tooil  and  gasdecision  makers,  according  to  the  deloitte  university  press  report.  increase  data  capture  can  boost  output  by  as  much  as  10  over  a  twoyear  period  saving  millions  of  dollars.  and  if  it  hasnt  been  stressed  enough  on  what  money  scale  the  oil  and  gas  industry  runs  on,  an  industrywide  adoption  of  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring technology  could  increase  global  gdp  by  as  much  as  0.8,  or  816  billion  during  the  next  decade,  according  to  oxford  economics.  source:  shell  the  collection  of  data  in  terms  of  performance  and  the  organization  of  that  data  can  lead  to  massive  increases  in  production.  the  ability  to  compare  an  oil  rigs  production  with  that  of  another  allows  producers  the  ability  to  find  maximum  outputs.  themetrics  taken  into  account  are  thatpressure,  temperature,  and  a  number  of  other  things  can  all  be  accurately  tracked  and  compared  between  systems.  the  opportunity  to  automate  thousands  of  wells  spread  across  regions  a  large  company  handles
__label__environmentmonitoring more  than  50,000  wells  and  monitor  multiple  pieces  of  equipment  per  well  a  single  pump  failure  can  cost  100,000  to  300,000  a  day  in  lost  production  makes  production  applications  for  iot  of  great  importance.  now  that  performance  is  being  tracked,  predicting  becomes  much  easier.  predicting  operations  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  can  influence  where  and  how  companies  deploy  their  expensive  infrastructures.  it  can  also  help  engineers  map  changes  in  reservoirs  over  time  to  determine  whether  changes  need  to  be  made  with  lifting  methods.  a  good  example  of  a  company  taking  advantage  of  predicting  production  is  ,  a  u.s.based  exploration
__label__environmentmonitoring and  production  company,  which  collaborated  with  an  analytics  software  firm  to  not  only  improve  the  performance  of  its  electrical  submersible  pumps  but  also  developed  the  ability  to  predict  a  fields  production  capacity.  it  goes  without  saying,  it  is  better  to  know  if  something  is  worth  the  cost  beforethrowing  money  at  it  and  hoping  it  sticks.  related  posts  january  710,  2020  las  vegas,  nv  google  code  for  remarketing  tag
__label__environmentmonitoring learn  how  new  and  emerging  technologies  can  get  you  ahead  of  the  competition  in  2020  your  guide  to  digital  transformation  is  on  its  way  to  your  mailbox.  just  go  and  take  it  here,  we  will  discover  how  iot  changes  oil  and  gas  industry,  examine  oil  and  gas  iot  use  cases,  and  draft  a  step  by  step  plan  for  implementing  iot  in  your  og  business.  read  on  to  learn  more  challenges  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  challenges  in  upstream  oil  and  gas  oil  and  gas  midstream  challenges  downstream  challenges  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry  how  technology  affects  the  oil
__label__environmentmonitoring and  gas  industry:  iot  benefits  for  og  boost  productivity  increase  safety  facilitate  making  datadriven  decisions  reduce  waste  automation  so,  how  does  technology  affect  the  oil  and  gas  industry?  in  a  nutshell,  using  iot  helps  companies  avoid  disruptions  and  accidents,  makes  the  entire  production  process  more  predictable,  increases  revenue  while  cutting  expenses,  beats  competition,  and  expands  market  share.  iot  use  cases  in  oil  gas  preventive  equipment  maintenance  remote  inspection  of  og  machinery  tracking  tanker  fleets  in  realtime  the  security  of  workers  advanced  data  analytics  managing  the  supplychain  steps  for  adopting  iot  in  your  oil  gas  business  1.  analyze  your  competitors:  2.
__label__environmentmonitoring identify  your  current  problems:  3.  select  the  hardware  type:  4.  see  if  your  current  equipment  can  connect  to  these  hardware  types:  5.  use  advanced  solutions  for  data  analytics:  6.  protect  the  security  of  iot  devices:  7.  start  small:  still  not  sure  where  to  start?  talking  to  digital  transformation  experts  may  help  alleviate  your  concerns  and  shed  light  on  the  main  areas  which  should  be  the  focus  of  your  transformational  initiatives.  at  eastern  peak  we  can  help  you  boost  the  performance  of  your  critical  oil  and  gas  assets  and  integrate  them  with  iot  sensors  and  equipment.  https://easternpeak.com/blog/poweringtheoilandgasindustrywithiotbenefitsusecases/  free  requirements  review  your
__label__environmentmonitoring ideas  are  safe  no  commitment  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  get  more  exclusive  monthly  tips  for  your  digital  business  right  to  your  mailbox  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription  please  include  more  details  about  your  feedback  to  help  us  improve  the  article:  we  will  get  back  to  you  within  one  business  day.  go  to  your  mailbox  to  confirm  your  subscription.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  file  exceeds  max  size.  we  will  get  back  to  you  as  soon  as  we  can.  cookies  help  us  enhance
__label__environmentmonitoring your  experience  and  navigation.  by  continuing  to  browse,  you  agree  to  the  storing  of  cookies  on  your  device.  we  do  not  collect  your  personal  information  unless  you  explicitly  ask  us  to  do  so.  please  see  our  for  more  details.
__label__environmentmonitoring what  is  the  industrial  iot,  or  iiot?  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  the  use  of  connected  smart  devices  in  industrial  applications  for  purposes  such  as  automation,  remote  monitoring  and  predictive  maintenance.  the  iiot  is  a  more  robust  version  of  the  internet  of  things,  or  iot  which  is  the  realm  of  connected  devices  in  commercial  and  consumer  applications.  in  industrial  iot  use  cases,  smart  devices  may  be  deployed  in  construction  vehicles,  supply  chain  robotics,  solar  and  wind  power,  agricultural  sensor  systems,  smart  irrigation,  and  more.  these  iiot  applications  tend  to  have  one  thing  in  common:  they  are  are  deployed  in
__label__environmentmonitoring challenging  environments.  there  are  light  industry  iiot  use  cases  such  as  meters,  and  heavy  industry  use  cases  such  as  conveyors  used  in  the  mining  industry,  where  devices  can  be  subject  to  a  wide  range  of  environmental  factors,  from  extreme  heat  and  cold  to  moisture  and  vibration.  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  about  deploying  smart  machines  to  capture  and  move  data,  sense  changes  in  temperature,  flow  or  volume,  automate  procedures  for  efficiency,  accuracy  and  safety,  deliver  data  into  the  right  hands  for  analysis  and  decision  making,  and  ensure  that  all  of  those  processes  happen  on  time,  reliably  and  securely.  clicktotweet
__label__environmentmonitoring embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  the  use  of  smart  devices  has  rapidly  expanded,  and  today  with  the  enormous  growth  of  the  iot  and  iiot  trends  its  hard  to  find  an  industry  that  is  untouched  by  this  phenomenon.  this  leads  to  a  few  questions:  the  answer  to  the  first  question  is  that  the  iot  and  iiot  are  responding  to  inefficiencies,  lost  revenue,  and  a  need  for  organizations  to  work  smarter,  not  harder.  automation  can  create  unprecedented  improvements  and  efficiencies  that  simply  arent  possible  with  a  human  workforce.  this  is  not  to  say  that  humans  arent  necessary.  on  the  contrary,
__label__environmentmonitoring engineers,  application  developers,  data  scientists  and  workers  from  every  walk  of  life  are  needed  to  put  these  solutions  in  place  and  make  use  of  them.  as  a  simple  example,  consider  the  farm  worker  who  previously  had  to  drive  from  one  remote  corner  of  acreage  to  the  other  to  ensure  watering  systems  or  frost  fans  were  turned  on  at  the  correct  time.  today,  that  worker  can  check  on  systems  from  a  laptop,  ensure  everything  is  working  correctly  and  travel  only  to  the  location  that  actually  needs  servicing.  if  a  center  pivot  irrigation  system  has  rolled  off  course,  for  example,  the  worker
__label__environmentmonitoring can  use  gps  to  quickly  identify  its  location  and  then  ensure  that  it  is  returned  to  the  correct  position.  in  other  words,  the  industrial  internet  of  things  is  about  improving  efficiency  and  accuracy  while  reducing  cost.  that  leads  to  an  answer  to  the  second  question.  the  impact  of  the  iiot  on  workers  and  jobs  is  that  it  makes  them  more  efficient  and  improves  productivity.  it  also  reduces  busy  work  and  the  likelihood  of  errors  in  tasks  such  as  data  logging,  that  are  better  handled  by  a  smart  device.  automated  sensing  and  data  gathering  from  dangerous  and  difficulttoreach  places  even  reduces
__label__environmentmonitoring risk  to  human  lives.  and  it  gets  the  right  data  to  the  right  place  for  evaluation  sooner.  when  an  employee  can  get  a  smart  phone  alert  that  a  tank  is  low  or  a  piece  of  equipment  needs  maintenance,  that  improves  the  likelihood  that  problems  can  be  solved  early,  before  they  become  more  expensive  or  catastrophic.  one  of  the  best  ways  to  get  insight  into  how  commercial  and  industrial  enterprises  use  iot  is  through  the  many  example  iiot  applications.  lets  take  a  spin  through  a  few  of  them.  predictive  maintenance  applications  seek  to  identify  when  a  critical  business  process  or  piece
__label__environmentmonitoring of  equipment  is  at  risk  of  failure,  so  proactive  and  preventive  maintenance  can  be  scheduled  to  fix  problems  in  advance  and  thwart  downtime.  traditional  methods  can  be  very  expensive  and  workers  can  inadvertently  miss  indicators  that  equipment  is  experiencing  problems.  in  many  cases,  technicians  and  maintenance  workers  have  traditionally  had  to  travel  to  remote  sites  to  perform  manual  checks,  only  to  have  to  make  another  trip  with  a  work  order,  replacement  parts  or  batteries.  getting  an  alert  that  a  problem  is  developing  makes  it  possible  troubleshoot  and  fix  an  issue  with  one  truck  roll,  often  before  the  end  customer  is
__label__environmentmonitoring even  aware  of  the  problem.  the  result  is  improved  maintenance  practices,  reduced  costs  and  enhanced  customer  satisfaction.  here  are  a  few  examples  of  iiot  predictive  maintenance  applications  across  industries.  in  the  following  predictive  maintenance  example,  a  radio  module  collects  data  from  equipment  in  a  grain  elevator  and  sends  it  to  an  industrial  router,  which  then  delivers  that  data  to  cloudbased  applications  for  visibility  and  further  processing.  if  the  data  indicate  certain  conditions,  a  technician  can  see  that  in  online  application,  or  receive  alerts  from  an  application  such  as  digi  remote  manager.  the  technician  can  workthrough  a  troubleshooting  process  remotely  or
__label__environmentmonitoring send  personnel  to  the  site  to  perform  the  required  maintenance.  remote  monitoring  is  at  the  center  of  many  industrial  applications,  because  it  is  traditionally  inefficient,  expensive  and  often  challenging  or  risky  to  keep  tabs  on  what  is  happening  with  equipment  out  in  the  field.  equipment  that  requires  monitoring  can  be  located  at  remote  outposts,  on  the  top  of  street  lighting,  inside  a  well  or  deep  in  a  mine,  making  it  not  only  impractical  to  regularly  monitor  that  asset,  but  also  expensive  and  risky.  the  following  are  just  some  of  the  many  examples  of  remote  monitoring  in  industrial  applications.  in  this
__label__environmentmonitoring remote  monitoring  example,  a  radio  module  collects  data  from  an  industrial  tank  and  routes  it  through  an  embedded  processor  to  cloudbased  applications  for  monitoring,  alerts  and  adjustments.  automating  processes  that  would  otherwise  require  human  intervention,  truck  rolls,  or  inefficient  manual  labor  is  another  common  reason  for  deploying  connected  applications  in  the  industrial  space.  the  range  of  use  cases  is  vast,  but  the  reasons  for  putting  these  industrial  internet  of  things  processes  in  place  again  come  down  to  a  few  key  driving  factors:  efficiency,  cost  reduction  and  reduced  risk.  here  are  a  few  examples  of  automation  in  the  iiot.  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring following  process  automation  example,  soil  sensors  collect  data,  which  is  routed  by  a  digi  xbee  module  with  micropython  to  a  digi  xbee  industrial  gateway,  and  then  to  cloudbased  remote  monitoring  and  control  applications.  one  of  these  applications  automatically  launches  processes,  while  another  allows  network  managers  or  administrators  to  ensure  all  devices  and  processes  are  working  as  expected.launches  there  are  many  things  to  consider  when  evaluating  the  right  devices  and  setup  for  your  industrial  iot  application.  these  include  questions  around  the  distance  over  which  your  iiot  devices  will  need  to  transmit  data  as  well  as  the  frequency  of  data  submission,  whether
__label__environmentmonitoring rf  or  cellular  technology  is  appropriate  for  your  application,  and  many  other  decisions  that  impact  the  overall  planning,  deployment,  scalability  and  management  of  your  project  and  that  ultimately  affect  your  total  cost  of  ownership.  we  will  cover  a  few  of  the  things  to  consideras  you  prepare  to  design,  build  out  and  deploy  your  project.  if  you  have  questions  or  are  ready  to  evaluate  solutions,  digi  team  members  can  partner  with  you  to  perform  a  full  evaluation  of  your  application  needs.  and  digi  design  and  engineering  teams  are  also  available  for  any  level  of  support  in  developing  your  iiot  appliation.  to
__label__environmentmonitoring start  that  conversation.  .  if  you  develop  a  product  for  an  application  such  as  a  city  bicycle  ride  share  service,  for  example,  the  application  may  not  technically  be  considered  an  industrial  application,  but  its  requirements  are  similar  as  it  will  need  to  be  able  to  handle  jarring  movement,  temperature  changes  and  moisture.  some  types  of  devices  can  handle  challenging  environmental  factors,  and  some  are  less  suitable.  so  it  is  critical  to  evaluate  the  robustness  of  a  product  and  whether  it  is  designed  for  the  intended  application.  there  are  many  lowcost  modules  that  are  excellent  for  rapid  prototyping  and  for  student
__label__environmentmonitoring projects,  such  as  raspberry  pi  and  arduino.  the  attractive  cost  is  a  good  reason  to  use  these  products  in  initial  phases.  but  you  will  want  an  industrialrated  product  designed  for  longterm  viability  in  demanding  environments  when  seeking  products  that  are  suitable  for  iiot  applications.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  some  of  the  factors  to  evaluate  in  a  product  include:  starting  with  a  prototyping  tool  is  a  great  way  to  prove  a  concept;  but  when  you  are  ready  to  go  the  field  with  deployed  devices,  be  sure  to  select  industrial  rated  devices.  traditional  maintenance  methods  of  sending  a
__label__environmentmonitoring truck  out  to  the  field  to  monitor  or  manage  equipment  quickly  becomes  impractical  and  costly  when  you  have  dozens,  or  hundreds,  or  even  thousands  of  devices  to  maintain.  just  like  your  cell  phone,  which  has  firmware  upgrades  that  are  pushed  out  it  regularly,  devices  have  firmware  updates  and  security  patches  that  must  be  sent  to  each  of  the  devices  in  your  iiot  network  to  keep  those  devices  uptodate  and  secure.  a  remote  management  solution  allows  you  to  send  bug  fixes  and  feature  enhancements  to  all  of  your  devices  in  the  field,  regardless  of  the  size  of  your  network.  to  implement
__label__environmentmonitoring a  remote  management  strategy,  look  for  a  solution  thatwill  enable  you  to  perform  remote  firmware  upgrades,  device  connectivity,  and  remote  diagnostics  from  anywhere,  using  a  smart  device.  for  example,  is  a  cloudbased  solution  that  provides  these  capabilities  and  more,  enabling  you  to  set  alerts  for  a  range  of  conditions,  download  files,  and  automatically  monitor  device  configurations  and  reset  them  to  the  correct  version  in  the  event  of  tampering.  putting  a  remote  management  systemin  place  is  highly  economical  compared  with  the  cost  of  sending  a  bucket  truck  to  manually  upgrade  the  firmware  on  a  device  mounted  on  a  sign  or  street
__label__environmentmonitoring light,  and  enables  your  network  manager  to  keep  tabs  on  all  of  devices,  regardless  of  how  many  devices  you  have  in  your  network  or  where  they  are  in  the  world.  the  evaluation  and  decision  making  that  go  into  the  development  and  deployment  of  an  iiot  application  can  be  daunting.  digi  can  support  your  quest  to  identify  the  right  solution  for  your  needs  at  any  point  along  the  way,  from  initial  project  scoping  to  complete  engineering  and  certification  services.  whether  you  want  to  demonstrate  the  roi  of  a  new  product  or  need  to  meet  a  strict  deadline  for  compliance  or  market
__label__environmentmonitoring pressures,  digi  can  partner  with  you  to  achieve  those  goals.  time  to  market  can  be  especially  critical  when  there  is  a  shortlived  window  of  opportunity  to  get  ahead  of  competition.  working  with  a  company  that  has  proven  professional  consulting  and  engineering  support  not  only  gives  you  the  assurance  that  you  can  meet  deadlines  and  launch  dates,  but  also  helps  you  complete  design  reviews  and  get  certification  assistance  when  your  resources  stretched  thin.  to  evaluate  options.  comments  are  closed.
__label__environmentmonitoring over  the  past  few  years,  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  transformed  the  way  nearly  every  industry  transmits,  collects  and  uses  data  and  the  oil  and  gas  industry  is  no  exception.  energy  companies  whove  invested  in  this  new  technology  are  enjoying  cost  savings,  betterstreamlined  processes,  more  accurate  forecasts  for  demands  and  other  crucial  advantages.  and  thats  likely  why  global  iot  in  the  oil  and  gas  market  is  expected  to  reach  nearly  40  billion  by  2023,  according  to  a  .  in  other  words,  while  implementing  new  tech  requires  time  and  capital,  investing  in  industrial  iot  can  offer  a  tremendous  roi.  to
__label__environmentmonitoring help  you  make  a  case  for  building  a  more  connected  environment  and  prepare  for  this  unstoppable  industry  transition  heres  what  you  need  to  know.  iot  is  a  term  used  to  describe  an  everexpanding  network  of  internetconnected  devices  and  systems  that  can  communicate  data  in  real  time,  without  human  involvement.  a  good  example  of  iot  is  smart  home  devices,  like  thermostats  that  communicate  energy  usage  data  to  your  mobile  phone  through  an  app,  or  light  bulbs  that  automatically  adjust  brightness  levels  depending  on  the  time  of  day.  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry,  iot  takes  the  form  of  sensors  that  monitor
__label__environmentmonitoring inventory  levels  and  pump  performance,  and  allow  you  to  automate  various  tasks  such  as  dispatching  trucks  when  an  onshore  tank  needs  to  be  emptied.  iot  is  rapidly  altering  the  way  energy  companies  perform.  here  are  five  changes  you  can  expect  when  integrating  iot  into  your  organization.  in  recent  years,  reduced  oil  prices  have  increased  competition  between  oil  and  gas  companies  and  many  organizations  are  seeking  strategies  to  help  tighten  margins  and  improve  their  bottom  line.  but  focusing  solely  on  shortterm  costcutting  measures  could  stifle  longterm  business  success.  investing  in  iot  will  ensure  companies  are  more  strategic  in  their  cost  reduction
__label__environmentmonitoring by  helping  pinpoint  inefficiencies,  improve  the  accuracy  of  demand  predictions  and  streamline  expensive  processes.  in  the  oil  and  gas  industry,  equipment  fails  can  range  from  frustration  to  downright  disastrous.  and  as  the  downtime  grows,  so  does  your  financial  loss.  and  the  looming  talent  shortage  only  serves  to  compound  this  challenge.  however,  iot  is  wellpoised  to  overcome  these  obstacles.  by  installing  a  network  of  sensors,  professionals  will  enjoy  greater  visibility  into  equipment  performance  without  having  to  send  teams  into  the  field.  oil  producers  can  quickly  repair  or  replace  equipment  at  the  first  sign  of  trouble,  thereby  reducing  or  eliminating  unplanned  outages.
__label__environmentmonitoring as  a  technology  professional  in  the  energy  industry,  youve  always  used  data  to  inform  your  decisions  and  your  senior  leadership  teams  ability  to  make  the  right  calls  and  drive  success  depends  on  the  quality  of  the  information  they  receive.  instead  of  relying  on  estimations  and  best  guesses  to  inform  your  drilling  strategy,  iot  gives  you  access  to  a  constant  transmission  of  realtime  data  especially  when  you  pair  your  sensor  network  with  a  reliable  platform.  having  access  to  these  advanced  analytics  could  help  oil  and  gas  organizations  quickly  advance  production  and  outpace  competitors.  oil  rig  workers  face  a  variety  of  risks
__label__environmentmonitoring many  of  which  can  be  deadly.  while  industry  regulations  serve  to  promote  greater  worker  safety,  a  lack  of  insight  into  oil  rig  issues  means  those  on  the  field  still  deal  with  a  variety  of  hazards.  iot  allows  you  to  troubleshoot  issues  remotely,  improve  proactive  maintenance  processes  and  helps  companies  avoid  sending  workers  to  perform  dangerous  work.  in  other  words,  implementing  iot  can,  quite  literally,  save  lives.  its  no  secret  oil  drilling  and  production  has  significant  environmental  consequences,  and  many  energy  companies  are  seeking  solutions  to  reduce  their  footprint.  leveraging  iot  allows  oil  and  gas  companies  to  decrease  the  risks  of
__label__environmentmonitoring oil  spills,  reduce  carbon  emissions  and  increase  efficiencies  to  help  curb  energy  usage  all  of  which  can  help  limit  the  industrys  negative  environmental  impact.  the  internet  of  things  is  quickly  advancing,  and  rapidly  altering  the  way  oil  and  gas  companies  collect  and  manage  information.  investing  in  an  iot  solution  now  will  not  only  ensure  youre  prepared  for  the  ,  but  also  help  you  improve  your  bottom  line,  increase  worker  safety  and  stay  ahead  of  your  competitors.  2500  bee  cave  rd,  bldg  1,ste  400,  austin,  tx  78746  2019  data  foundry.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring farmers  can  utilize  the  power  of  realtime  soil  condition  data  to  improve  crop  conditions,  to  reduce  costs,  and  to  create  more  efficient  farming  solutions.  the  agriculture  industry  is  the  foundation  of  economies  worldwide,  and  its  one  of  the  most  powerful  tools  to  mitigate  poverty  and  to  bring  prosperity.  ,  by  2022,  the  smart  agriculture  market  is  expected  to  grow  from  approximately  9.58  billion  usd  in  2017  to  23.14  billion  usd.  crucial  factors  such  as  exponential  population  growth,  food  security,  and  climate  change  have  driven  the  agriculture  industry  into  looking  for  more  innovative  approaches  to  improve  efficiency  and  crop  yield.  as
__label__environmentmonitoring a  result,  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  emerged  as  a  savior  for  the  by  providing  endtoend  visibility  throughout  the  agriculture  processes.  manual  maintenance  checks  :  checking  the  soil  parameters  manually  adds  a  considerable  burden  on  total  operational  cost.  inaccurate  soil  humidity  data  :  it  requires  a  high  level  of  effort  to  check  the  soil  humidity  status  of  the  entire  farm  manually.  water  wastage:  lack  of  realtime  soil  humidity  information  leads  to  over  or  underwatering  crops,  which  not  only  wastes  water  but  also  damages  crops.  planting/cultivating  timings:  its  hard  to  know  the  optimum  time  to  plant  without  the  availability  of
__label__environmentmonitoring soil  data  of  the  entire  farm.  iot  technology  has  the  ability  to  send  and  receive  data  from  everyday  objects;  the  agriculture  industry  can  benefit  greatly  by  utilizing  realtime  connectivity.  ibm  estimates  that  by  the  year  2050,  iot  will  empower  farmers  to  improve  crop  yields  by  70  percent.  apart  from  weather  forecasting  and  pest  management,  iot  has  the  potential  to  save  up  to  50  billion  gallons  of  water  per  year.  the  sensors  can  assist  farmers  in  optimizing  water  usage  during  irrigation  processes.  a  holistic  iot  adoption  approach  will  transform  the  agriculture  industry.  many  iot  vendors  in  the  market  offer  iot  solutions
__label__environmentmonitoring coupled  with  affordable  sensors  that  are  capable  of  monitoring  soil  humidity/moisture  levels  and  temperatures.  many  sensors  available  can  automatically  report  the  ingested  data  to  the  internet  without  the  need  for  additional  wifi,  gsm,  or  any  other  kind  of  internet  connectivity.  this  helps  farmers  in  analyzing  the  best  practices  for  their  crops  without  spending  their  hardearned  money  in  inefficient  manual  checks.  farmers  can  make  the  best  possible  decisions  for  planting,  watering,  and  pest  control  when  the  exact  realtime  data  is  being  fed  to  them  from  their  own  crops.  iot  solutions  that  are  capable  of  improving  the  crop  yield  often  measure  the
__label__environmentmonitoring following  parameters:  soil  moisture  soil  temperature  some  iot  solutions  are  scalable  enough  to  support  as  many  sensors  as  a  farm  needs.  these  solutions  empower  the  farmers  by  providing  them  realtime  measurements  and  by  notifying  them  whenever  the  sensor  readings  deviate  from  anticipated  values.  here  are  some  of  the  benefits  iotpowered  soil  measurement  solutions  deliver:  automate  irrigation  :  not  all  the  iot  solution  providers  have  such  features  in  their  product,  but  there  are  some  providers  whose  products  support  twoway  communication.  these  advance  solutions  utilize  smart  sprinkler  systems  actuators  which  triggers  the  irrigation  on  when  the  soil  humidity  goes  below  the  desired
__label__environmentmonitoring limits.  keep  a  continuous  watch  on  the  soil  quality  :  the  solutions  can  back  up  all  the  data  ingested  from  the  sensors  over  time,  even  if  the  farmers  mobile/laptop  is  offline.  this  way  the  farmer  can  know  the  alltime  history  of  soil  moisture  and  temperature.  the  farmers  can  also  be  alerted  on  their  cellular  device  or  mail  if  any  deviation  occurs  in  the  moisture  or  temperature  parameters.  some  iot  solution  providers  also  provide  interactive  charts  using  advanced  data  analytics,  making  the  comprehension  easy  for  the  farmers.  provide  easy  data  accessibility  :  all  the  farmers  need  is  internet  connectivity  and  a
__label__environmentmonitoring mobile/tablet/pc  to  access  the  soil  measurement  iot  solutions.  this  helps  the  farmers  stay  in  tune  with  farm  conditions,  even  when  they  are  outside  their  farm  or  having  a  family  trip  or  a  supplier  meeting.  help  in  conserving  water:  automatic  irrigation  features  allow  farmers  to  save  water  by  eliminating  overwatering  the  crops.  farmers  can  set  the  humidity  levels  threshold  limits,  which  helps  the  solutions  to  automate  the  irrigation  process.  reduce  operational  expenses:  the  solutions  eliminate  the  need  for  manual  soil  checks  for  humidity  and  temperature  levels.  less  manual  trips  throughout  the  farm  mean  fewer  manhours,  which  ultimately  reduces  the  cost  of
__label__environmentmonitoring fields  and  pastures  are  sometimes  isolated  from  cell  networks;  lpwan  solutions  is  well  suited  for  such  applications.  farmers  and  ranchers  can  get  significant  benefit  from  realtime  data  indicating  small  differences  in  soil  moisture,  temperature,  and  humidity  between  and  even  within  fields.  waviots  technology  is  ideally  suited  to  help  address  the  challenges  facing  agriculture,  the  environment  and  sustainable  development.waviot  is  working  with  the  most  advanced  suppliers  of  grower  dashboards  for  smart  agriculture,  to  provide  them  with  realtime  agricultural  sensor  data,  with  an  emphasis  on  precision  irrigation.  we  are  enabling  growers  to  produce  higher  yields  of  better  quality  crops  while  helping  to
__label__environmentmonitoring conserve  natural  resources.  smart  irrigation  can  reduce  water  usage  from  by  realtime  monitoring  of  iot  soil  moisture  sensors.  having  precise  information  about  the  soil  moisture  it  is  simple  to  make  correct  decisions  on  the  how  much  water  required  for  the  irrigation  of  the  field.  the  main  idea  is  to  take  a  control  on  the  field  with  a  soil  moisture  sensor  on  a  wide  area.  lpwan  with  its  longrange  and  high  autonomous  devices  is  perfect  for  deploying  the  iot  network  on  the  large  area  of  the  farms.  soil  moisture  sensors  from  a  different  manufacturer  can  be  connected  to  the  autonomous  waviot
__label__environmentmonitoring modem  and  placed  in  the  field.  each  modem  transmits  parameters  of  soil  to  the  base  station  placed  in  the  farm  location  and  covering  more  than  7000  square  kilometers  of  surrounding  area.  data  received  processed  by  the  server  and  displayed  in  the  cloud  panel  or  clients  application.  soil  moisture  sensor  integrated  with  lwpan  modem  installed  in  the  open  field  able  to  transmit  reading  up  to  30  km  to  the  nearest  base  station.  iot  cloud  application  displaying  the  realtime  situation  on  the  soil  moisture  from  all  sensors  in  the  field.  soil  moisture  sensors  are  distributed  within  the  wide  area  of  the  fields
__label__environmentmonitoring which  is  not  covered  with  a  cellular  network.  modems  sending  small  data  from  sensors  and  should  have  a  high  autonomy  for  several  month  of  continuous  work.  and  it  is  what  lpwan  exactly  suits  to.  waviot  soil  moisture  sensor  is  based  onwaviot  nbfi  modem  bt100  connected  to  soil  moisture  sensor.  this  powerful  combination  allowing  to  transmit  soil  moisture  readingswirelessly  over  nbfi  network  by  waviot  to  waviot  cloud.  the  base  station  designed  for  rollingout  longrange  iot  network  in  the  urban  and  rural  environment.  featured  with  whip  antenna  and  fullduplex  connectivity  for  bidirectional  communication.  covering  800  sq.  km  area  and  aggregatingthe  data  from
__label__environmentmonitoring the  internet  of  things  iot,  which  is  the  ability  for  technology  in  every  day  objects  to  send  and  receive  data,  will  revolutionize  how  we  do  everything  from  transportation  to  communication.  agriculture  also  stands  to  benefit  greatly  from  integrating  this  technology  into  simple  electronics  :  that  iot  will  enable  farmers  to  increase  food  production  by  70  percent  by  the  year  2050.  in  addition  to  better  pest  management  and  weather  forecasting,  iot  could  save  up  to  50  billion  gallons  of  water  annually,  as  sensors  can  better  help  farmers  optimize  water  usage.  being  able  to  better  optimize  crop  management  will  have  a  transformative
__label__environmentmonitoring effect  on  agriculture  in  the  following  years.  many  trips  have  to  be  taken  in  order  to  manually  check  the  soil  humidity  on  a  regular  basis.  many  trips  have  to  be  taken  in  order  to  manually  check  the  soil  humidity  on  a  regular  basis.it  can  be  difficult  to  know  the  exact  amount  of  water  to  give  plants,  thus  causing  stress  for  the  crops  by  over  or  underwatering  overwatering  crops  could  lead  to  higher  water  costs  than  what  is  really  needed.  it  is  sometimes  difficult  to  know  the  optimal  time  to  plant  without  data.  manually  measuring  key  data  points  about  crops  is
__label__environmentmonitoring often  difficult,  timeconsuming,  and  more  likely  to  be  inaccurate.  sigfox  partners  now  offer  iot  solutions  by  providing  affordable  sensors  that  monitor  soil  humidity/moisture  levels  and  soil/air  temperatures  and  automatically  report  it  directly  to  the  internet  without  needing  any  wifi,  gsm  or  regular  internet  connection.  this  helps  farmers  know  what  is  best  for  their  crops  without  having  to  manually  estimate  or  make  an  educated  guess.  with  better  data  being  fed  to  them  live  from  their  own  crops,  farmers  can  be  the  best  possible  decisions  for  planting,  watering,  and  pest  control.  soil  volumetric  water  content  can  be  better  monitored  by  using  connected
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  sending  data  through  the  sigfox  iot  global  network.  crops  should  be  planted  and  grown  at  their  ideal  temperature.  sensors  can  monitor  underneath  ground  level  temperature  for  an  optimum  reading.  tracking  average  air  temperatures  assist  in  determining  ideal  planting  and  watering  times  and  anticipating  pests.  having  realtime  data  can  help  landowners  and  farmers  reduce  manpower,  water  usage,  and  other  maintenance  costs,  thus  reducing  costs  and  environmental  impact.  iot  soil  condition  monitoring  solutions  allow  farmers  to:  soil  condition  monitoring  can  help  farmers  collect  a  wealth  of  data  that  many  landowners  may  not  even  know  they  have.  business  insider  estimates  that  the
__label__environmentmonitoring average  farm  will  generate  over  4  million  data  points  daily  by  the  year  2034.  it  is  up  to  the  landowners  to  harness  this  data  and  use  it  to  their  advantage.  by  using  sigfoxenabled  sensors  to  use  existing  lands  data  to  decipher  trends,  farmers  can  predict  crop  growth  and  better  optimize  resources.  in  addition  to  monitoring  the  above  data  points  to  find  out  more  about  crops,  sigfoxpowered  sensors  have  a  wide  variety  of  benefits  for  soil  monitoring,  including:  according  to  the  world  wildlife  fund,  agriculture  and  farming  consumes  about  70  percent  of  the  worlds  fresh  water  supply.  conserving  water  can  ensure
__label__environmentmonitoring we  dont  deplete  ground  water  reservoirs  or  cause  excessive  soil  runoff  into  rivers  and  other  bodies  of  water.  how  much  oxygen  gets  to  the  roots,  which  prevents  them  from  growing  normally.  in  some  plants,  overwatering  can  also  cause  root  rot,  which  may  cause  the  crop  to  eventually  die.  underwatering  crops  usually  has  the  same  outcome  as  overwatering:  without  proper  irrigation,  crops  may  not  grow  properly  or  could  end  up  withering  up  and  dying.  less  trips  out  to  the  crop  field  parcels  to  manually  check  soil  humidity  levels  and  temperature  means  more  time  can  be  spent  on  other  parts  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring business,  like  bookkeeping  or  meeting  with  customers.  saving  time  and  resources  often  leads  to  greater  profits,  often  with  reduced  costs  and  time  spent  on  crop  monitoring.  by  using  the  internet  of  things  to  better  monitor  soil  conditions,  farmers  will  find  that:  sigfoxenabled  solutions  are  low  cost,  only  use  a  small  amount  of  energy  to  run  on  batteries  for  years,  and  are  extremely  easy  to  set  up.  with  global  coverage,  sigfoxpowered  sensors  have  a  wide  range  of  benefits  for  crop  and  soil  monitoring  needs.  these  sensors  offer  years  of  battery  life,  can  work  autonomously  on  their  own  almost  anywhere,  and  have
__label__environmentmonitoring simple  installation.  the  data  is  already  there,  farmers  just  need  the  sensors  to  monitor  and  collect  it.  luckily,  it  doesnt  take  much  in  terms  of  advanced  knowledge  to  harness  and  utilize  soil  and  crop  data.  the  cost  of  the  sensors,  setup,  and  the  technology  itself  are  reasonable,  and  connectivity  doesnt  take  special  resources  or  expertly  trained  specialists.  most  of  the  time,  installation  can  be  completed  within  hours.  whats  more,  the  data  collected  by  the  sensors  is  secure  and  will  never  be  shared  without  owner  permission.  we  prioritize  privacy,  data  integrity,  authenticity,  and  confidentiality.  user  data  can  only  be  accessed  using
__label__environmentmonitoring internet  of  things  by  while  we  focus  mainly  on  the  inside  of  smart  homes,  our  iot  podcast  hotline  got  a  call  this  week  about  the  outside.  jeff  left  us  a  message  explaining  that  his  parents  want  to  start  a  garden  and  hes  looking  for  a  smart  product  that  tells  them  when  to  water  their  plants.  it  sounds  like  jeffs  parents  need  a  soil  moisture  monitor  or  a  fullblown  irrigation  system.  there  are  several  options  available  to  meet  this  need,  but  theyre  not  exactly  inexpensive.  an  irrigation  system  will  actually  water  plants  for  you,  which  is  very  convenient.  makes  one  of
__label__environmentmonitoring these  and  it  starts  at  75  for  the  system.  it  uses  wifi  for  connectivity,  so  you  dont  need  a  hub,  and  it  programmatically  waters  the  soil  based  on  weather  data  for  your  area.  the  downside  is  that  blossom  is  really  meant  to  replace  an  existing  irrigation  controller.  makes  a  similar  product  that  costs  149  or  229,  depending  on  which  model  you  get.  if  you  dont  have  or  want  an  irrigation  system,  a  soil  moisture  sensor  may  be  the  way  to  go,  although  it  wont  save  you  money.  that  you  simply  place  into  your  garden  soil.  it  costs  around  145  and
__label__environmentmonitoring can  tie  into  an  irrigation  system,  or  you  can  use  it  to  get  realtime  moisture  readings  from  the  garden  and  then  manually  water  your  plants.  the  is  similar  and  roughly  the  same  price,  depending  on  the  retailer.  its  actually  not  too  difficult  to  make  your  own  soil  moisture  sensor  and  the  parts  are  less  expensive  than  the  above  options.  so  if  youre  feeling  adventurous,  you  could  .  this  project  is  really  meant  for  indoor  plant  soil  but  does  offer  an  option  for  outdoor  use  as  well.  to  hear  jeffs  question  in  full,  as  well  as  our  discussion,  tune  in  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  iot  podcast  below:  related  enter  your  email  address  to  receive  notifications  of  new  posts  by  email.  two  very  inexpensive  choices  for  monitoring  soil.  both  have  sensors  that  can  be  used  outdoor.  the  first  is  ecowitt  wh51  moisture  sensor.  the  sensors  are  16.99  each  and  the  ecowitt  gw1000  gateway  to  get  readings  online  and  viewable  in  an  app  from  anywhere  is  just  29.99  from  amazon.  the  second  option  is  the  ambient  weather  ws8482  for  59.49  on  their  website.  its  a  table  top  display  that  measures  indoor  temp/humidity,  and  included  a  sensor  for  outdoor  temp/humidity.  its  compatible  with  the  ambient  weather
__label__environmentmonitoring tx3102  soil  moisture  sensors  for  15.89  each.  the  ws8482  has  builtin  wifi  and  can  also  post  your  measurements  to  the  ambient  weather  online  dashboard,  weather  underground,  works  with  ifttt,  amazon  alexa,  google  assistant,  and  hubitat  elevation  via  a  community  app  and  driver.  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet  to  reduce  spam.  .
__label__environmentmonitoring javascript  educational  solutions  contact  us  copyright  for  support:  brief  description  this  project  is  used  to  know  the  moisture  level  of  the  soil  from  a  remote  place.  for  this,  the  system  uses  gsm  modem  interfaced  to  the  microcontroller  as  a  gateway.  if  the  soil  is  very  much  dry,  the  system  sends  the  information  to  the  cloud  platform  at  the  data  centre  over  the  internet  via  the  gsm  modem  and  will  also  warn  the  user  to  water  the  soil.  on  the  other  hand,  if  the  soil  is  having  enough  moisture,  it  informs  the  same.  price:  6500  inr  buy  now  100  output  guaranteed
__label__environmentmonitoring make  better  irrigation  decisions  for  increased  yield,  with  smart  soil  moisture  measurements  connect  all  your  greenhouse  systems  for  complete  control  on  plant  health,  quality,  and  yield  integrate  iot  solutions  for  automated  irrigation,  and  reduce  water  waste  for  healthy  urban  greenspaces  remotely  maintain  plant  quality  and  health  with  smart  integrated  irrigation  systems  get  a  birds  eye  view  on  all  your  customers  fields,  with  smart  integrated  soil  moisture  data  smart  soil  moisture  measurements  to  optimize  irrigation  rounds  wireless  soil  and  water  optimization  solutions  empowering  better  decision  making  for  land  management  through  smart  soil  moisture  measurements  measure  at  the  active  root  zone,  ensuring
__label__environmentmonitoring crops  are  optimally  irrigated.  with  99.5  dataaccuracy,  probes  are  compatible  with  all  soil  types,  including  clay,  clayloam,  saline  clay,  sand,  and  peat.  watertight  and  weatherproof,  probes  are  robust  and  meant  to  be  left  in  the  field.  with  wireless  lora  connectivity,  probe  placement  is  flexible  and  can  easilybe  moved  around  fields  based  on  irrigation  needs.  measure  at  the  active  root  zone,  ensuring  crops  are  optimally  irrigated.  with  99.5  dataaccuracy,  probes  are  compatible  with  all  soil  types,  including  clay,  clayloam,  saline  clay,  sand,  and  peat.  watertight  and  weatherproof,  probes  are  robust  and  meant  to  be  left  in  the  field.  with  wireless  lora
__label__environmentmonitoring connectivity,  probe  placement  is  flexible  and  can  easilybe  moved  around  fields  based  on  irrigation  needs.  potential  effectivity  increases  with  sensoterra  30  60  85  get  a  birds  eye  view  of  your  fields  with  the  ability  to  zoom  into  individual  probe  data,  prioritize  actions,  and  save  time.  data  at  your  finger  tips  make  smart  decisions  increase  crop  yield  save  time  resources  agriculture,  horticulture,  nature  restoration,  and  landscaping  projects.  answer  a  few  short  questions,  and  well  provide  you  with  a  custom  quote  to  get  started.  bas  leads  sales  for  sensoterra.  prior  to  joining  sensoterra,  bas  worked  in  the  landscaping  sector  where  he...  written
__label__environmentmonitoring by  caroline  is  a  soil  data  manager  at  sensoterra.  previously,  she  worked  as  a  laboratory  analyst,  responsible  for  data  analysis  of  roots  and  soil,  identifying  pesticide  contamination  and  plant  accumulation.her  background  is  in  environmental  science,  and  she  is  currently  obtainingher  ms  in  water,  and  environment  at  radbouduniversity.  irrigation  show  2019  will  happen  this  week  from  26  december,  and  sensoterra  will  be  there  talking  about  sensors  technology,  data  integration  and  smart  irrigation  practices  with  soil  moisture  sensors.  written  by  caroline  is  a  soil  data  manager  at  sensoterra.  previously,  she  worked  as  a  laboratory  analyst,  responsible  for  data  analysis  of  roots  and
__label__environmentmonitoring soil,  identifying  pesticide  contamination  and  plant  accumulation.her  background  is  in  environmental  science,  and  she  is  currently  obtainingher  ms  in  water,  and  environment  at  radbouduniversity.  sensoterra  was  at  the  smartcity  expo  world  congress  2019,  from  1921  november  in  barcelona  spain  written  by  caroline  is  a  soil  data  manager  at  sensoterra.  previously,  she  worked  as  a  laboratory  analyst,  responsible  for  data  analysis  of  roots  and  soil,  identifying  pesticide  contamination  and  plant  accumulation.her  background  is  in  environmental  science,  and  she  is  currently  obtainingher  ms  in  water,  and  environment  at  radbouduniversity.  sensoterra  was  at  agritechnica  2019  worlds  leading  trade  fair  for  agricultural  technology  and
__label__environmentmonitoring innovation.  join  the  lora  alliance  for  a  live  conference  at  agritechnica  in  hannover  germany.  friday  15  november,  hall  17,  stand  g01  at  14h30.  newsletter  starting  in  2020.  stay  up  to  date  with  the  latest  sensoterra  product  updates,  customer  stories,  and  company  news.  sign  up  now  sensoterra  2019  design  registered.  united  states  design  patent  d841,490.  eu  design  003827625.  zl  201730320770.  sensoterra  and  its  logo  are  trademarks  of  sensoterra  b.v.
__label__environmentmonitoring covering  the  latest  news  and  technologies  around  internet  of  things,  machine  learning,  and  more.  menu  the  worlds  food  system  is  .  it  is  driving  the  planet  towards  climate  catastrophe  while  leaving  billions  of  people  either  underfed  or  overweight  of  the  worlds  freshwater  is  used  for  agriculture.  within  that  70  percent,  of  the  water  diverted  or  pumped  for  irrigation  is  wastedvia  runoff  into  waterways  or  .  40  percent  of  the  worlds  population  is  expected  to  face  water  stress  by  2030  and  the  global  population  is  expected  to  rise  from  between  now  and  2050.  obviously,  with  more  people  on  the  planet,  we
__label__environmentmonitoring must  grow  more  food.  however,  we  need  to  do  it  through  sustainable  agricultural  practices  that  will  reduce  water  waste.  agtech  agriculture  technology  consists  of  technologies  that  offer  a  smarter,  more  efficient  way  to  farm.  approaches  like  precision  farming,  pestresistant  seeds,  watering  systems  that  check  the  weather  are  all  examples  of  agtech  being  used  today.  the  result?  farmers  yields  are  boosted,  along  with  costsavings  and  reduced  use  of  natural  resources.  agtech  solutions  can  help  us  protect  our  remaining  water  resources  while  also  feeding  the  worlds  growing  empty  stomachs.  our  global  climate  and  its  future  changes  are  on  how  these  major  earth
__label__environmentmonitoring cycles  link  and  vary  together  one  step  towards  sustaining  a  is  through  monitoring  soil  moisture.  is  a  mixture  of  organic  matter,  minerals,  gases,  liquids,  and  organisms  that  together  support  life.  its  the  only  distinguishing  buffer  that  controls  the  exchange  of  water  and  heat  energy  between  the  land  surface  and  the  atmosphere.  without  this  key  intermediary,  life  would  cease  to  exist.  is  the  water  that  is  held  in  between  soil  particles.  is  the  water  that  is  in  the  upper  10  cm  of  the  soil  and  is  the  upper  200  cm  of  soil.simply  because  there  is  water  in  the  soil  does  not
__label__environmentmonitoring mean  the  plants  can  absorb  it  which  is  why  these  differences  are  key  to  track.  in  order  to  effectively  sustain  plants,  soil  water  must  first  break  down  salts  in  the  soil,  thereby  producing  a  soil  solution  full  of  nutrients  that  the  plants  can  absorb  and  use  to  grow.  if  these  salts  are  not  broken  down  into  nutrients,  much  of  the  water  sits  as  on  top  of  the  soil  as  a  film  that  wastes  away,  which  has  led  to  many  of  our  agriculture  problems  of  today.  with  soil  moisture  data,  farmers,  nonprofits,  environmental  organizations,  and  governments  alike  can  understand  what  soil
__label__environmentmonitoring moisture  content  is  optimal  for  plant  growth.  the  data  can  be  used  to:  :  soil  moisture  data  can  help  improve  crop  yield  forecasts  and  irrigation  planning.  by  combining  soil  moisture  data  with  efficient  irrigation  systems  and  drought  tolerant  crops,  and  we  can  prompt  a  shift  to  sustainable  production.  the  amount  of  healthy  food  that  could  be  unlocked  this  way  is  estimated  at  .  soil  moisture  data  can  provide  critical  insights  about  drought  early  warning  for  the  agriculture  industry.  with  early  warning  systems,  we  can  reduce  crop  failure,  death  of  livestock,  and  people.  recall  the  who  escaped  their  wartorn  nation  and
__label__environmentmonitoring risked  their  lives  to  cross  the  mediterranean  into  europe?  these  people  fled  for  a  variety  of  reasons,  including  an  extreme  drought  that  led  to  massive  crop  failure,  which  caused  a  spike  in  the  cost  of  grain.  without  freshwater  and  food,  the  syrian  civil  war  was  exasperated.  millions  of  syrians  revolted  in  the  streets  holding  bread  and  chanting  slogans  against  the  syrian  regime.  it  feels  like  every  day  there  is  a  flood  going  on  somewhere  in  the  world.  one  day  its  dams  breaking  in  the  united  states,  rivers  changing  courses  in  china,  or  rising  sea  levels  colliding  with  rivers  causing  entire
__label__environmentmonitoring cities  to  literally  wash  away.  by  monitoring  soil  moisture,  we  can  actually  improve  flood  warning  systems  by  analyzing  the  soil  moisture  content  before  a  rainstorm.  governments  can  then  warn  residents  of  areas  at  risk  of  flooding,  and  indicate  which  routes  to  take  before  worsening  weather  conditions  put  their  lives  at  risk.  :  temboo  is  working  with  a  local  nonprofit  in  new  york  city  on  a  project  to  monitor  the  soil  moisture  in  treebeds.  the  data  will  be  leveraged  to  acquire  additional  grant  funding,  which  will  scale  the  project  for  more  robust  findings.  the  nonprofit  will  use  the  data  to  recommend
__label__environmentmonitoring the  best  management  practices  to  reduce  combined  sewage  outflow  into  a  local  water  body.  through  the  power  of  monitoring  soil  moisture,  nonprofits,  and  local  citizens  are  protecting  their  waterways  with  concrete  evidence  that  the  :  meteorologists  have  microclimate  forecast  insights  that  far  exceed  any  technology  today  through  monitoring  soil  moisture.  forecasting  the  weather  requires  continuous  monitoring  of  the  state  of  the  atmosphere,  including  the  level  of  moisture  of  the  soil  available.  additionally,  by  monitoring  soil  moisture,  global  industries,  such  as  airline  corporations  and  government  response  agencies,  can  derive  economic  value  from  weather  knowledge  that  is  estimated  at  roughly  :  like
__label__environmentmonitoring all  things  in  nature,  climate  change  is  linked  to  soil.  agriculture,  forestry,  and  other  land  use  industries  account  for  .  if  we  can  monitor  soil  moisture,  we  can  increase  the  rate  of  carbon  storage  in  soil.  soil  moisture  data  can  allow  farmers  to  provide  plants  with  the  exact  amount  water  needed  to  grow.  the  larger  plants  grow,  the  more  carbon  theyre  able  to  extract  from  our  atmosphere  to  offset  climate  change.  below  is  a  stepbystep  tutorial  for  building  a  soil  moisture  sensing  application  using  temboos  kosmos  iot  system  and  .  for  the  purpose  of  this  soil  moisture  system,  we  are
__label__environmentmonitoring going  to  use  a  because:  gateway  application  setup  dont  forget  you  can  always  ask  us  for  help  once  your  soil  moisture  sensor  is  online  and  transmitting  data  to  kosmos,  youll  want  to  deploy  it  in  the  real  world.  the  gateway,  modem,  micro  sd  card,  usb  flash  drive,  and  power  supply  should  all  be  kept  indoors,  connected  to  the  internet,  and  as  close  to  the  sensors  as  possible.  depending  on  where  you  live,  you  might  be  okay  with  the  soil  moisture  sensor  sitting  outside  with  no  external  covering.  however,  if  you  are  in  a  more  urban  area,  you  may  want  to
__label__environmentmonitoring hide  your  soil  moisture  sensor  to  prevent  theft  or  tampering.  to  hide  the  enclosures,  youll  need  to  assemble  durable  junction  boxes  that  can  withstand  severe  weather  conditions.  these  enclosures  can  be  made  in  a  variety  of  ways  below  is  simply  one  method.  very  careful  for  extra  protection,  you  can  spray  paint  the  top  of  the  junction  and  pvc  pipe  brown  to  match  the  dirt.  caution,  do  not  spray  pain  the  actual  sensor  it  will  ruin  the  readings  if  you  want  to  monitor  soil  moisture  in  a  large  open  field  or  in  an  urban  environment,  may  be  an  issue.  if  the
__label__environmentmonitoring soil  sensors  are  not  communicating  with  the  gateway,  then  you  can  add  a  repeater.  a  repeater  extends  the  radio  waves  of  the  sensor  to  reach  the  gateway  beyond  its  normal  capacity.  if  we  continue  with  the  status  quo,  we  are  walking  into  a  future  soiled  by  climate  change  that  is  threatening  human  life,  biodiversity  and  natural  resources.  but  there  is  hope.  we  have  the  means,  research,  and  willpower  to  continuously  show  the  world  that  we  can  solve  our  own  problems  with  technologies  like  the  industrial  internet  of  things.  look  at  vertical  farming.  these  farms  are  nestled  in  urban  environment  and
__label__environmentmonitoring are  feeding  millions  of  people  a  day.  how?  by  monitoring  soil  moisture  to  give  plants  the  exact  nutrients  they  need,  indoor  farming  can  save  .  as  such,  the  indoor  farming  business  is  soaring  and  it  just  shy  of  15  billion  annually.  with  almost  ,  indoor  farming  can  be  a  viable,  sustainable  market.  to  keep  costs  down,  modern  sensors  and  smart  energy  systems  to  drastically  reduce  the  overall  energy  consumption  required  to  produce  crops  by  determining  the  exact  amount  of  nutrients  needed  for  each  individual  plant.  for  many  areas  around  the  world  using  traditional  farming  methods,  monitoring  soil  moisture  is  still
__label__environmentmonitoring very  much  in  your  reach.  combine  soil  moisture  data  with  drip  irrigation  systems  on  ,  and  youll  be  able  to  automate  the  exact  amount  of  nutrients  your  crops  need  to  thrive  in  changing  environmental  conditions.  if  you  are  working  on  an  at  a  nonprofit  or  government  agency,  we  want  to  help.  we  offer  special  programs  and  discounts  for  using  temboos  iot  system  for  environmental  monitoring  applications  that  contribute  to  sustainability,  legislation  changes,  or  community  improvement.  for  more  information,  contact  us  at  heytemboo.com.  related  briana  is  on  the  product  outreach  team  at  temboo.  she  helps  industries  harness  the  power  of  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring to  obtain  a  greater  data  insight  into  their  system  be  it  to  enhance  their  resource  management,  improve  their  operational  efficiency,  or  find  new  areas  of  growth.  she  is  personally  passionate  about  connecting  the  humanmade  world  with  the  natural  environment  with  iot  to  create  real,  longterm  sustainability  with  regards  to  water  quality,  energy  usage,  and  circular  economy.  is  temboos  allinone  saas  offering  for  industrial  internet  of  things  applications.  a  powerful  software  toolkit  that  lets  companies  develop,  deploy,  and  manage  their  own  iot  systems  no  coding  required.
__label__environmentmonitoring add  the  following  snippet  to  your  html:  this  iot  system  monitors  the  soil  moisture  using  arduino  and  sensors.  data  are  sent  to  an  iot  cloud  platform  to  access  it  anywhere.  project  tutorial  by  this  iot  system  monitors  the  soil  moisture  using  arduino  and  sensors.  data  are  sent  to  an  iot  cloud  platform  to  access  it  anywhere.  arduino  iot  system  as  you  know  already,  internet  of  things  is  one  of  the  most  important  topics  nowadays,  that  promises  to  shape  our  future  and  the  way  we  live.  one  interesting  aspectabout  iot  is  the  fact  we  can  experiment  an  iot  system  building  it
__label__environmentmonitoring by  ourselves.  there  are  several  prototyping  boards  available  in  the  market  and  we  can  build  amazing  iot  projects  without  spending  too  much.  to  build  this  project  we  need:  the  idea  that  stands  behind  this  project  is  building  an  iot  system  that  monitors  the  soil  moisture  detecting  when  it  gets  too  dry.  the  arduino  mkr1000  controls  the  sensor  sending  the  data  to  the  carriots  iot  platform.  this  platform,  in  turn,  stores  the  data  coming  from  the  sensor  and  detects  when  the  values  stored  are  under  a  threshold  level.  we  will  see  later  how  to  analyze  the  data.  by  now,  we  can
__label__environmentmonitoring assume  that  the  carriots  iot  platform  is  able  somehow  to  invoke  an  ifft  service  that  will  send  a  short  message  to  the  user  alerting  him.  building  this  iot  system  we  can  explore  how  to  use  several  components  of  the  iot  ecosystem.  moreover,  this  project  displays  the  humidity  soil  status  using  a  leds  matrix.  let  us  see  how  to  build  it.  in  this  first  step,  we  have  to  read  the  sensor  data.  this  iot  project  usesyl38  yl69  sensor.  this  is  an  analog  sensor  that  can  be  inserted  into  the  soil  we  want  to  check.  the  picture  below  shows  how  to  connect
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sensor  to  arduino:  the  code  is  very  simple,  we  read  data  from  the  a1  pin  and  then  we  calculate  the  humidity:  thats  all.  we  can  manage  in  this  sketch  the  leds  matrix  showing  the  humidity  level  as  described  in  the  code  attached  to  this  article.  now  we  can  focus  our  attention  on  the  iot  cloud  platform.  project  hierarchy  project  the  next  step  is  creating  the  service  filling  the  data  required:  finally,  you  have  to  create  the  group:  the  steps  are  very  fast  and  you  do  it  only  once.  the  last  step  is  configuring  our  device.  it  represents  the  physical
__label__environmentmonitoring device  we  are  using  to  send  data.  this  device  belongs  to  the  group  created  in  the  last  step,  that  in  turn  belongs  to  the  service.  the  service  belongs  to  the  project.  the  configuration  step  is  very  easy  as  shown  in  the  picture  below:  developer  id  api  key  the  next  step  is  monitoring  the  data.  usually,  in  an  iot  system,  we  are  not  only  interested  in  acquiring  data  from  the  sensor  but  we  want  to  monitor  such  information  to  take  corrective  actions  when  the  values  are  out  of  a  specific  interval.  there  are  several  actions  we  can  take,  in  this  example
__label__environmentmonitoring we  want  to  inform  the  user  alerting  him/her.  even  if  carriots  has  a  builtin  email  system,  we  prefer  to  integrate  with  carriots  another  useful  and  interesting  platforms  called  ifft.  this  platform  provides  several  integration  services  we  can  use  and  integrate  into  our  iot  projects.  in  order  to  alert  the  user  we  need  two  components:  as  monitoring  data  system,  this  iot  system  uses  carriots  listener.  a  listener  is  a  process  that  analyzes  the  incoming  values  and  applies  a  specific  rule.  when  the  rule  is  verified  then  it  invokes  a  script.  the  interesting  aspect  about  carriots  is  that  we  can  use  groovy
__label__environmentmonitoring as  a  scripting  language  to  invoke  external  services.  the  alerting  system  is  built  on  ifft.  before  completing  the  work  on  carriots,  it  is  useful  to  configure  the  ifft.  as  stated  before,  we  want  to  send  a  short  message  when  the  humidity  hits  a  threshold  level.  in  order  to  achieve  it,  we  configure  a  short  message  service  in  ifft.  it  is  required  you  have  a  free  account  in  order  to  complete  this  task.  as  afirst  step,  let  us  create  a  new  applet:  now  click  on  plus  sign  to  add  the  service  and  search  for  maker  service:  select  maker  webhooks  to  enable
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  maker.  now  we  have  to  configure  the  maker  service  adding  the  event  name  that  triggers  the  sending  message  process:  finally,  let  us  enable  the  sending  message  service  configuring  all  the  required  parameters  like  the  destination  number  and  the  message  body:  thats  all.  now  we  can  focus  our  attention  on  the  listener  in  carriots  platform.  let  us  create  a  new  listener  that  invoke  the  url  related  to  the  applet  we  have  just  created.  when  the  listener  invokes  the  url,ifft  sends  a  short  message.  the  picture  below  shows  how  to  configure  the  listener:  thats  all,  now  you  can  test  the  project
__label__environmentmonitoring verifying  that  when  the  soil  moisture  is  lower  than  the  threshold  level,  we  will  get  a  short  message  on  our  mobile.  iot  system.  originally  published  at  please  or  to  comment.  and  7  others  need  a  quick  way  to  monitor  the  soil  moisture  level  of  your  favorite  fern?  look  no  further.  we  have  the  answer.  project  tutorial  by  and  a  simple  4  channel  design/program  for  monitoring  orchid  and  plant  moisture  levels.  project  showcase  by  in  this  tutorial  we  are  going  to  see  how  to  build  a  very  useful  soil  moisture  monitor  with  a  big  nokia  5110  lcd  display  using  arduino...  project
__label__environmentmonitoring tutorial  by  soil  moisture  sensor  which  gives  you  lcd  display  of  percentage  of  moisture.  project  tutorial  by  iot  app  to  monitor  and  control  intelligently  the  fishing  farms  by  using  arduino  as  a  main  controller  project  in  progress  by  control  and  monitor  the  home  environment  using  android  app  with  advanced  features  such  as  voice  command,  scheduling,  home  preparing  itself.  project  tutorial  by  powered  by
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  conference  paper?  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring tags:  soilmoisture  solutions  company  is  ramping  up  its  lorawanbased  technology  sales  by  partnering  with  internet  of  things  iot  company  .  by  using  the  kerlink  reference  design  in  its  wireless  sensors,  sensoterra  intends  to  provide  wireless  soilmoisture  sensors  faster,  and  in  larger  numbers,  than  before,  and  to  make  them  available  globally.  sensoterra  already  has  approximately  5,000  sensors  installed  at  its  customers  fields  across  22  countries,  but  it  needed  the  ability  to  scale  up  quickly  since  several  large  customers  are  preparing  for  widescale  rollouts,  says  christine  fraserboer,  sensoterras  chief  operating  officer,  sensoterra  makes  its  own  sensor  and  gateway  hardware,  and  also  offers
__label__environmentmonitoring software  to  manage  sensor  data,  but  it  will  now  use  the  reference  design  from  kerlink  to  make  it  possible  to  quickly  build  lorawan  sensors  for  customers  located  anywhere  around  the  world.  the  sensor  company  is  using  its  existing  moisture  sensors,  plastic  housing  and  printed  circuit  boards;  leveraging  circuitry  from  the  kerlink  reference  design  to  make  new  circuit  boards;  and  optimizing  and  improving  the  antenna.  the  use  of  the  kerlink  reference  design,  fraserboer  says,  helps  provide  us  with  a  faster  totomarket  strategy,  thereby  enabling  customers  to  have  fully  mature  solutions  in  their  hands  at  a  faster  rate.  amsterdambased  sensoterra  is  a
__label__environmentmonitoring twoandahalfyearold  company  that  focuses  on  soil  moisture  intelligence.  its  wireless  sensors,  staked  into  soil,  utilize  lorawan  connectivity  to  send  readings  about  the  moisture  levels  in  that  soil  to  a  gateway,  as  well  as  to  its  hosted  server,  via  4g  or  another  available  network.  the  companys  software  manages  that  data  and  can  provide  realtime  alerts  and  historical  data  for  analytics  purposes.  sensoterra  initially  offered  its  solutions  on  a  businesstobusiness  basis,  fraserboer  says,  with  its  systems  used  in  the  industrial  and  agriculture  markets.  however,  the  global  nature  of  its  customers,  which  are  based  in  europe,  north  america  and  asia,  as  well  as
__label__environmentmonitoring the  multiple  use  cases  involved,  required  some  customization  of  the  sensors.  lorawan  frequency  requirements  vary  from  the  european  union  863  to  870  or  433  mhz  to  the  united  states  902  to  928  mhz.  kerlinks  reference  design  can  accommodate  all  of  those  frequencies,  according  to  guillaume  boisgontier,  the  companys  manager  of  innovative  products  and  solutions  marketing.  kerlink  allows  us  to  program  our  software  for  use  with  the  same  base  product,  fraserboer  states,  no  matter  where  it  will  be  used  around  the  globe.  when  it  comes  to  applications,  sensorterras  sensors  are  employed  in  several  ways.  in  the  horticulture  market,  companies  can  use
__label__environmentmonitoring them  to  track  soilmoisture  levels  around  trees  to  enable  better  irrigation  decisions,  thereby  reducing  the  need  to  overwater.  this,  on  the  other  hand,  ensures  that  sufficient  water  is  applied.  not  a  member?  signup  for  an  account  now  to  access  all  of  the  features  of  rfidjournal.com
__label__environmentmonitoring internetofthings  iot  iot  1.  introduction  the  effective  and  efficient  use  of  irrigation  water  in  agricultural  production  is  vital  to  the  longterm  economic  and  environmental  sustainability  of  irrigated  farming  operations.  it  is,  therefore,  important  to  develop  and  promote  affordable  and  effective  precision  irrigation  technologies  for  farmers  to  allow  them  to  apply  irrigation  water  when,  where,  and  in  the  amount  needed  to  maximize  profits  while  protecting  the  environment.  over  the  years,  a  number  of  sensing  technologies  have  been  developed  to  help  farmers  properly  schedule  irrigation.  these  technologies  usually  rely  on  either  sensing  the  weather  conditions,  sensing  the  plant  itself,  or  sensing  the
__label__environmentmonitoring soil.  weatherbased  irrigation  scheduling  uses  weather  information  and  other  ancillary  inputs  to  model  crop  development  and  soil  water  status  1  .  although  much  effort  has  been  devoted  to  making  this  method  available  to  growers  through  the  development  of  local  weather  station  networks  and  the  creation  of  software  and  apps  to  automatically  download  and  analyze  the  collected  weather  data  2  3  ,  its  practical  application  among  commercial  farmers  is  still  limited.  the  use  of  plant  sensors  for  irrigation  scheduling,  especially  in  arid  areas,  has  focused  on  the  use  of  infrared  thermometers  to  sense  canopy  temperature  4  5  6  .  this  approach
__label__environmentmonitoring has  been  based  on  the  fact  that  waterstressed  crops  tend  to  have  a  higher  canopy  temperature  than  nonstressed  crops,  which  has  long  been  proposed  as  a  way  of  scheduling  irrigation  7  8  9  10  11  .  despite  some  success,  the  use  of  canopy  temperature  for  irrigation  scheduling  can  have  significant  limitations  12  13  ,  especially  for  incomplete  crop  canopies  and  for  humid  environments.  therefore,  its  practical  application  among  commercial  farmers  is  also  still  very  limited.  sensing  the  soil  using  soil  moisture  sensors  is  the  other  major  technology  that  farmers  can  use  to  decide  when  to  irrigate  their  crops  and  how
__label__environmentmonitoring much  water  to  apply.  a  recent  study  with  largescale  commercial  corn  farmers  in  nebraska  14  showed  that  irrigation  scheduling  based  on  sensors  saved  33  of  the  water  and  reduced  pumping  cost  by  28.5/acre/year,  with  no  significant  reduction  in  yield  compared  with  the  farmers  irrigation  scheduling  strategy.  but,  although  a  large  variety  of  sensors  and  data  logging  systems  for  soil  moisture  monitoring  are  currently  commercially  available,  the  use  of  soil  moisture  sensors  to  make  irrigation  scheduling  decisions  among  commercial  farmers  is  also  still  limited.  factors  affecting  the  limited  adoption  of  this  technology  among  farmers  include  the  lack  of  information,  high  cost,
__label__environmentmonitoring difficulty  in  installing  and  maintaining  equipment,  and  difficulties  of  communicating  data  from  sensors  in  the  field  to  the  farmer  in  real  time.  the  development  of  lowcost  and  opensource  microcontroller  devices  and  software,  and  their  ability  to  integrate  wireless  communication  technologies,  such  as  radio,  cellphone,  and  wifi  15  provide  opportunities  for  more  affordable  and  effective  soil  moisture  monitoring  systems  16  and  their  integration  into  irrigation  scheduling  17  and  irrigation  automation  systems  18  .  in  addition,  recent  developments  in  the  internetofthings  iot  technologies  are  being  used  in  a  wide  variety  of  applications,  including  smart  wearables,  smart  home,  smart  city,  smart  environment,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  enterprise  19  .  the  application  of  these  technologies  in  commercial  agriculture  is  still  very  limited,  but  could  provide  opportunities  for  improving  irrigation  scheduling  based  on  soil  moisture  monitoring  by  making  data  more  accessible  to  farmers  in  real  time.  therefore,  the  objective  of  this  study  was  to  develop  and  test  a  lowcost  iot  system  for  soil  moisture  monitoring  using  watermark  200ss  sensors.  the  overall  goal  of  this  project  was  to  make  soil  moisture  monitoring  more  affordable  and  effective  in  order  to  promote  adoption  of  irrigation  scheduling  technologies  among  commercial  farmers.  2.  methods  2.1.  sensor  description  the  system  described  in  this
__label__environmentmonitoring paper  was  created  to  monitor  soil  water  status  from  four  depths  using  watermark  200ss  soil  moisture  sensors  irrometer  company,  inc.,  riverside,  ca  a.  this  type  of  sensor  was  selected  for  its  relatively  low  cost,  which  makes  the  sensors  affordable  for  most  growers.  in  addition,  this  type  of  sensors  has  been  used  in  many  field  applications  for  several  decades  and  has  proven  to  be  durable  and  reliable  when  properly  used.  the  watermark  200ss  sensor  is  a  solidstate  electrical  device  that  senses  electrical  resistance  and  is  commonly  used  to  measure  soil  water  potential  swp,  rather  than  soil  moisture.  the  sensor  has  a
__label__environmentmonitoring pair  of  corrosionresistant  electrodes  in  the  shape  of  two  concentric  rings.  the  space  between  the  two  rings  is  filled  with  a  gypsum  material  to  provide  a  buffer  against  changes  in  salinity.  the  electrodes  are  installed  inside  a  granular  matrix  similar  to  very  fine  sand,  which  creates  the  bulk  of  the  instrument.  the  granular  matrix  is  enclosed  in  two  layers.  the  inner  layer  is  a  filterlike  material  that  allows  water  exchange  between  the  granular  .  a  watermark  200ss  sensor;  b  watermark  200ss  manual  readout.  matrix  and  the  soil.  the  outer  layer  is  a  perforated  stainless  steel  frame  that  provides  rigidity  and
__label__environmentmonitoring maintains  the  shape  and  physical  integrity  of  the  sensor.  two  abs  plastic  green  caps  are  installed  at  each  end  of  the  sensor.  the  electrodes  are  connected  to  two  awg  20  lead  wires  that  connect  to  the  data  acquisition  system.  when  installed  in  the  soil,  water  is  exchanged  between  the  soil  and  the  granular  matrix  until  equilibrium  is  reached.  since  water  is  an  electrical  conductor,  the  resistance  between  the  electrodes  is  inversely  related  to  soil  moisture.  sampling  the  sensor  involves  powering  it  with  an  electrical  current  ac  rather  than  dc  and  reading  the  electrical  resistance  output.  the  electrical  resistance  correlates  to
__label__environmentmonitoring swp  negative  pressure,  which  is  usually  expressed  in  units  of  centibars  cb  or  kilopascal  kpa  cb  kpa.  according  to  the  manufacturers  sensor  specifications,  the  rated  range  of  measurement  of  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  is  from  0  to  239  kpa,  although  the  normal  usable  range  is  from  0  to  200  kpa,  where  a  reading  around  0  kpa  would  indicate  that  the  soil  is  at  or  near  saturation  and  a  reading  at  or  near  200  would  indicate  a  very  dry  soil  with  little  or  no  plant  available  water.  there  are  several  types  of  commercial  loggers  that  can  automatically  read  the  watermark  200ss
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  at  specified  time  intervals  and  store  the  collected  data,  and  a  device  to  manually  read  these  sensors  is  also  available  b.  2.2.  system  design  the  design  of  the  data  sampling  and  data  communication  system  for  four  watermark  200ss  sensors  consisted  of  a  coordinator  and  a  number  of  end  nodes  arranged  in  a  star  topology  20  .  the  start  topology  basically  has  one  or  several  end  nodes  sending  data  to  a  central  node,  which  acts  as  a  coordinator.  the  end  nodes  are  hardwired  to  the  moisture  sensors  and  periodically  sample  the  sensors  and  transmit  the  data  wirelessly  using  radio  communication
__label__environmentmonitoring to  the  coordinator.  the  coordinator  receives  the  data  from  the  end  nodes  each  end  node  has  a  unique  address  and  sends  the  data  to  a  website,  where  the  data  points  are  plotted  and  can  be  viewed  and  further  processed  by  the  user.  the  end  nodes  were  created  using  the  adafruit  feather  32u4  rfm95  lora  radio  rfm9x  device  adafruit  industries,  new  york,  ny,  adafruit.com,  which  combines  an  arduinobased  microcontroller  with  a  long  range  lora  packet  radio  transceiver.  the  microcontroller  is  based  on  the  atmega32u4  chip,  clocked  at  8mhz  and  using  3.3v  logic.  the  radio  transceiver  can  transmit  or  receive  radio  signals
__label__environmentmonitoring at  a  frequency  of  either  868  or  915  mhz,  which  can  be  specified  in  software.  the  adafruit  website  adafruit.com  claims  that  these  radios  can  have  a  range  of  over  2  km  1.2  mi  lineofsight  using  a  wire  quarterwave  antenna  and  that  a  range  of  around  20  km  is  possible  by  tweaking  settings  and  using  a  directional  antenna.  feather  0.1  pitch  terminal  blocks  adafruit  industries,  new  york,  ny,  adafruit.com  were  soldered  to  the  end  nodes  to  allow  attaching  wires  from  sensors  and  power  supplies.  since  the  output  of  the  watermark  sensor  is  an  electrical  resistance,  which  cannot  be  directly  measured  by
__label__environmentmonitoring the  microcontroller,  a  voltage  divider  circuit  was  created  between  the  microcontroller  and  the  sensor,  as  described  by  fisher  and  gould  16  and  fisher  20  .  for  this  project,  a  voltage  divider  printed  circuit  board  pcb  to  accommodate  four  watermark  200ss  sensors  was  designed  and  fabricated  using  the  pad2pad  online  system  pad2pad.com.  the  electronic  diagram  for  the  voltage  divider  circuit  is  shown  in  a,  where  a1  to  a4  are  analog  input  pins,  d1  and  d2  are  digital  output  pins,  and  wm1  to  wm4  represent  the  four  watermark  sensors.  a  sample  end  node  for  the  watermark  200ss  sensors,  showing  the  microcontroller  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  voltage  divider  circuit  pcb,  is  shown  in  b.  the  coordinator,  on  the  other  hand,  was  created  by  combining  a  feather  32u4  rfm95  lora  radio  rfm9x  with  a  feather  m0  wifi  w/atwinc1500  adafruit  industries,  new  york,  ny,  adafruit.com  .  the  feather  m0  wifi  w/atwinc1500  has  an  atsamd21g18  arm  cortex  m0  processor,  clocked  at  48  mhz,  using  3.3v  logic.  this  device  also  has  a  wifi  module  from  atmel  that  allows  it  to  connect  to  the  internet  using  802.11bgn  networks,  supporting  wep,  wpa  and  wpa2  encryption.  the  two  microcontrollers  communicate  with  each  other  via  i  c  communication  protocol  using  the  wiring  shown
__label__environmentmonitoring in  .  in  this  arrangement,  the  feather  32u4  rfm95  lora  acts  as  a  server,  which  receives  data  from  the  lora  clients  end  nodes  and  transmits  the  received  data  to  the  feather  mo  winc1500.  the  feather  mo  winc1500  then  connects  to  the  internet  via  wifi  and  sends  the  data  to  the  opensource  thingspeak  website.  2.3.  reading  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  were  read  with  the  microcontroller  using  a  process  similar  to  that  described  by  fisher  and  gould  2012,  except  that  the  feather  microcontroller  uses  an  excitation  voltage  of  3.2  vdc  instead  of  5  vdc.  in  short,  each  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring was  read  by  alternating  the  polarity  of  the  dc  voltage  used  to  power  the  sensor  between  the  two  wires  of  the  sensor.  the  sensor  was  first  .  a  voltage  divider  circuit;  b  end  node.  .  coordinator.  .  wiring  between  the  two  feather  microcontrollers  that  make  up  the  coordinator.  powered  excited  by  setting  high  one  of  the  two  digital  channels  connected  to  the  voltage  divider  while  the  other  was  set  low.  then,  a  1000  ms  delay  was  allowed  before  taking  a  reading  to  allow  for  capacitance  effects  to  stabilize.  an  analog  reading  was  then  taken  on  the  analog  channel  connected  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sensor,  using  the  analog  to  digital  converter  adc  to  produce  an  integer  output.  the  range  of  the  integer  output  depends  on  the  resolution  number  of  bits  of  the  adc.  since  the  feather  device  has  a  10bit  adc,  the  output  will  be  in  the  range  of  0  to  1023  2  2  1024  values.  another  reading  was  taken  by  reversing  the  polarity  of  excitation  and  the  two  readings  were  averaged.  this  process  was  repeated  ten  times,  resulting  in  an  average  reading.  the  average  reading  was  then  converted  to  a  voltage  output  vout,  based  on  the  input  or  excitation  voltage  vin  3.2
__label__environmentmonitoring v  as:  then,  the  resistance  of  the  watermark  sensor  rwm,  kohm  was  calculated  as:  where,  res  resistance  used  in  the  voltage  divider  10  kohm.  fisher  et  al.  16  used  the  equation  of  shock  et  al.  21  to  convert  the  rwm  values  to  soil  water  potential  swp  in  kpa,  which  can  be  written  as:  where,  tsoil  soil  temperature  c.  however,  this  equation  was  originally  developed  with  data  in  the  range  of  only  0  to  80  kpa,  which  is  less  than  half  of  the  normal  range  of  the  watermark  200ss  sensors.  therefore,  a  calibration  was  developed  in  this  study  see  below  to
__label__environmentmonitoring convert  rwm  to  swp  that  would  be  applicable  to  the  whole  response  range  of  the  watermark  200ss  sensors.  a  lab  test  was  also  conducted  to  evaluate  the  voltage  divider  circuit  and  the  software  used  to  sample  the  watermark  200ss  sensor  during  a  complete  soil  drying  cycle.  the  test  was  conducted  using  and  arduino  uno  and  a  data  logging  shield  adafruit  industries,  new  york,  ny,  adafruit.com,  which  allowed  recording  the  collected  data  in  a  sd  card.  the  software  for  this  test  was  developed  using  equation  3  to  calculate  swp.  a  watermark  200ss  sensor  was  submerged  in  water  for  24  hours  and
__label__environmentmonitoring was  then  installed  in  a  600  ml  glass  beaker  filled  with  saturated  soil.  the  soil  was  allowed  to  dry  at  room  temperature  for  21  days  dec.  16,  2016  to  jan.  6,  2017  and  the  swp  was  recorded  every  minute.  2.4.  sensor  calibration  it  was  necessary  to  develop  functions  to  convert  the  resistance  output  of  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  into  soil  water  potential,  which  required  conducting  sensor  calibration  experiments  in  the  lab.  the  sensor  calibrations  were  developed  by  comparing  the  outputs  of  the  sensors  taken  using  the  microcontroller  with  their  readings  taken  using  the  manual  readouts  shown  in  b,  under  a
__label__environmentmonitoring range  of  soil  moisture  contents  ranging  from  saturated  soil  to  totally  air  dried  soil.  the  calibrations  experiments  were  conducted  using  four  watermark  200ss  sensors.  calibration  of  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  requires  starting  with  a  saturated  sensor  and  equilibrium  needs  to  be  established  between  the  soil  and  the  sensor  to  obtain  a  representative  an  accurate  reading  that  would  represent  the  moisture  condition  of  the  soil.  because  of  the  need  to  establish  equilibrium,  there  would  be  a  time  delay  between  changes  in  soil  moisture  and  a  corresponding  change  in  the  watermark  200ss  reading.  for  calibrating  the  watermark  sensors,  the  four  sensors  were
__label__environmentmonitoring first  totally  submerged  in  water  for  24  hours  to  allow  for  their  granular  matrix  to  saturate.  the  sensors  were  then  installed  vertically  in  a  600  ml  glass  beaker  filled  with  saturated  soil,  making  sure  that  there  was  good  contact  between  the  soil  and  the  sensors  .  the  soil  container  was  then  allowed  to  dry  for  some  time  and  readings  were  taken  with  the  sensors  attached  to  the  microcontroller  and  with  the  manufacturer  manual  readout.  to  dry  the  soil  faster,  the  container  was  intermittently  placed  inside  a  fisher  isotemp  oven  200  series  model  230f  at  a  .  watermark  sensors  in  soil
__label__environmentmonitoring container.  temperature  of  60c.  the  soil  container  was  normally  placed  in  the  oven  for  about  30  minutes  and  was  then  allowed  to  cool  at  room  temperature  before  the  readings  were  taken.  a  fan  was  used  to  blow  air  to  the  soil  sample  and  accelerate  the  cooling  process.  since  the  calibration  procedure  took  several  days,  readings  were  also  taken  at  the  end  of  the  work  day  around  5:00  pm  and  at  the  start  of  the  next  work  day  around  8:30  am,  after  allowing  the  soil  sample  to  sit  overnight  at  room  temperature.  2.5.  hosting  data  in  the  cloud  the  idea  behind
__label__environmentmonitoring the  internetofthings  iot  is  to  have  objects  from  our  daily  lives  connected  to  the  internet,  which  allows  these  objects  to  periodically  send  data  to  the  web,  where  they  can  then  be  accessible  in  realtime  from  remote  locations  22  .  this  usually  requires  for  a  web  server  to  be  available  to  receive  and  host  the  data.  this  web  server  can  either  be  built  or  customized  for  a  specific  application,  or  a  general  purpose  iot  platform  can  be  utilized.  in  recent  years,  a  number  of  these  general  purpose  iot  platforms  have  become  available,  either  as  free  opensource  or  forprofit  entities.  examples  of
__label__environmentmonitoring these  iot  platforms  include  the  weather  underground  ,  carriots  ,  thingspeak  ,  meshify  meshify.com,  easyiot  ,  adafruit  io  ,  xively  ,  and  thinger.io  ,  among  others.  for  the  soil  moisture  monitoring  application,  the  thingspeak  iot  platform  was  used,  mostly  because  it  was  free  of  charge  and  was  set  up  to  receive  data  from  arduinobased  microcontrollers  and  from  other  microcontrollers  such  as  raspberry  pi,  and  beaglebone  black.  the  thingspeak  platform  allows  users  to  create  a  number  of  channels.  each  channel  contains  data  fields,  location  fields,  and  a  status  field.  after  a  thingspeak  channel  is  created,  it  can  be  used  to  write
__label__environmentmonitoring data  to  the  channel,  process  and  view  the  data  with  matlab  code,  and  react  to  the  data  with  tweets  and  other  alerts.  the  system  assigns  a  unique  code  key  to  each  channel.  the  arduinobased  microcontroller  utilizes  this  key  to  direct  the  data  to  the  specific  thingspeak  channel.  the  system  is  able  to  receive  data  as  often  as  every  20  seconds,  but  our  soil  moisture  monitoring  system  was  programmed  to  update  each  channel  every  20  minutes.  2.6.  field  test  for  testing  the  performance  of  the  system  in  a  real  production  field  situation,  the  system  was  installed  on  february  1,  2017  to
__label__environmentmonitoring monitor  soil  moisture  of  a  wheat  field  located  at  the  clemson  university  edisto  research  and  education  center  near  blackville,  sc.  the  field  installation  consisted  of  several  end  nodes,  each  collecting  data  from  different  moisture  sensor  types,  including  the  watermark  200ss  sensors.  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  were  installed  at  four  depths  15,  30,  45,  and  60  cm.  each  watermark  200ss  sensor  was  glued  to  the  end  of  a  pvc  pipe  of  appropriate  length  depending  on  installation  depth,  following  the  guidelines  recommended  by  the  manufacturer,  in  order  to  facilitate  installation  and  eventual  removal  from  the  field  at  the  end  of  the  crop
__label__environmentmonitoring growing  season  23  24  .  the  end  node  for  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  was  housed  in  a  waterproof  enclosure  and  was  powered  using  a  12  vdc  car  battery,  which  was  recharged  with  a  10  watt  solar  panel  via  a  solar  charge  controller  model  cmp12.  since  the  end  node  required  a  regulated  5  vdc  power  supply,  rather  than  the  12  vdc  provided  by  the  battery,  a  linear  voltage  regulator  was  used  to  regulate  and  bring  the  voltage  down  to  5  vdc.  the  coordinator  was  installed  inside  a  waterproof  enclosure  attached  to  the  outside  wall  of  a  field  shed  located  around  200
__label__environmentmonitoring m  away  from  the  end  node.  the  coordinator  was  powered  from  a  usb  port,  which  provided  a  regulated  5  vdc  output.  the  usb  port  was  attached  to  a  120  vac  wall  power  outlet  located  inside  the  shed.  the  coordinator  connected  to  the  internet  via  wifi  provided  by  a  mobile  hotspot  verizon  wireless  jetpack  6620l,  4g  lte  located  inside  the  shed.  2.7.  cost  shows  the  itemized  list  price  us  of  the  components  used  to  develop  the  coordinator  and  the  end  nodes,  excluding  shipping,  taxes,  and  labor.  3.  results  and  discussion  3.1.  calibration  results  for  watermark  200ss  sensors  results  of  initial  lab
__label__environmentmonitoring testing  to  evaluate  the  voltage  divider  circuit  and  the  software  used  to  sample  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  during  a  complete  soil  drying  cycle  are  shown  in  .  the  system  performed  as  expected,  but  shows  a  few  interesting  results.  first,  the  watermark  200ss  sensor  responded  to  soil  conditions  much  dryer  than  the  199  kpa  limit  imposed  by  the  manufactur  .  watermark  readings  from  drying  soil.  .  list  price  us  in  2017  of  components  for  coordinator  and  end  nodes.  er  of  the  manual  readout  and  loggers.  in  fact,  the  system  recorded  swp  values  in  the  range  of  0  to  39,779  kpa  full
__label__environmentmonitoring range  not  shown  in  .  the  other  interesting  observation  from  is  that  for  very  dry  soil,  at  some  point  the  swp  response  became  positive,  which  seems  to  be  a  problem  of  using  equation  3  outside  the  original  intended  swp  range  of  0  to  80  kpa.  however,  the  system  worked  well  within  the  swp  range  of  0  to  199  kpa,  which  is  the  relevant  range  for  irrigation  scheduling  applications.  results  of  calibration  of  the  watermark  200ss  sensor  are  shown  in  and  .  as  stated  earlier,  during  the  calibration  process  it  was  apparent  that  while  the  irrometer  readout  device  had  a  limited
__label__environmentmonitoring output  range  of  0  to  199  kpa,  the  watermark  200ss  with  the  arduinobased  feather  microcontroller  continued  to  be  sensitive  at  dryer  swp  values.  shows  the  measured  swp  for  each  of  the  sensors  watermark  1  to  watermark  4  taken  using  the  irrometer  readout  device,  after  consecutive  soil  drying  events,  going  from  saturated  soil  reading  r1  to  very  dry  soil  reading  r19.  it  was  oftentimes  observed  that  the  watermark  200ss  readings  taken  a  short  time  after  taking  the  soil  out  of  the  oven  measured  after  allowing  the  soil  sample  to  cool  down  to  room  temperature,  tended  to  show  wetter  soil  conditions  compared
__label__environmentmonitoring to  readings  taken  prior  to  putting  the  soil  sample  in  the  oven.  this  was  contrary  to  what  was  expected,  since  water  was  supposed  to  evaporate  from  the  soil  sample,  which  would  consequently  decrease  the  soil  water  content.  however,  this  unexpected  behavior  could  be  due  to  the  fact  that  water  evaporated  from  the  top  of  the  soil  sample,  which  is  likely  to  have  moved  water  upwards  buy  capillary  rise  from  the  bottom  of  the  container,  which  would  be  expected  to  be  wetter  than  the  top.  since  the  sensors  were  installed  in  the  middle  of  the  soil  sample,  the  sensors  would  detect
__label__environmentmonitoring this  temporary  and  localized  increase  in  soil  water  content,  although  the  average  soil  water  content  of  the  sample  would  actually  be  lower  due  to  the  evaporated  water.  it  was  also  noticed  that  allowing  the  soil  to  sit  overnight  after  taking  it  out  of  the  oven  normally  resulted  in  considerably  lower  soil  water  content  more  negative  swp  compared  to  the  readings  taken  shortly  after  taking  the  sample  out  of  the  oven.  the  behavior  observed  in  this  study  can  create  problems  and  inaccuracies  when  trying  to  develop  sensor  calibrations  by  comparing  sensor  readings  to  gravimetric  soil  water  content  determined  by  weighing  the
__label__environmentmonitoring soil  sample.  another  observation  from  is  that  one  of  the  watermark  sensors  watermark  1  showed  a  considerable  higher  moisture  content  less  negative  swp  compared  with  the  other  three  sensors,  even  thought  they  were  all  installed  in  a  small  soil  container.  this  difference  was  likely  due  to  uneven  water  distribution  within  the  .  watermark  readings  taken  after  each  soil  drying  event.  soil  sample,  which  could  be  a  significant  problem  when  only  one  sensor  is  used  to  represent  the  water  status  of  an  entire  agricultural  field.  shows  the  relationship  between  the  resistance  measured  with  the  feather  microcontroller  and  the  swp  measured  with
__label__environmentmonitoring the  irrometer  manual  readout  for  the  four  watermark  200ss  sensors  watermark  1  to  4  as  well  as  the  combined  data  for  the  four  watermarks  200ss  sensors.  the  filled  circles  in  represent  swp  values  greater  than  199  kpa  and  open  circles  represent  swp  values  of  less  or  equal  to  199  kpa.  .  calibration  results  for  four  watermark  200ss  sensors.  each  of  the  four  sensors  showed  a  good  linear  relationship  r  0.97  between  resistance  and  swp  in  the  range  of  swp  of  0  to  199  kpa.  as  stated  earlier,  the  microcontroller  was  able  to  measure  resistance  values  that  would  correspond  to  swp
__label__environmentmonitoring values  outside  this  range  represented  by  the  open  circles  in  ,  a  wider  swp  range  could  not  be  tested  since  the  irrometer  manual  readout  is  limited  to  this  range.  the  combined  data  for  the  four  sensors  also  shows  that  the  four  sensors  had  a  similar  linear  relationship  between  swp  kpa  and  resistance  kohm  r  0.95  that  could  be  represented  as:  and,  it  is  important  to  notice  that  the  watermark  1  sensor,  which  tended  to  be  wetter  than  the  other  three  sensors,  also  followed  equation  4,  which  seems  to  indicate  that  the  sensor  was  not  malfunctioning  and  that  the  observed  higher
__label__environmentmonitoring less  negative  swp  values  were  in  fact  due  to  the  sensor  being  wetter  due  to  uneven  water  distribution  within  the  soil  sample.  equations  1  through  5  were,  therefore,  programmed  into  the  microcontroller  firmware  to  convert  the  readings  taken  with  the  feather  microcontroller  to  swp.  3.2.  field  test  results  the  system  reliably  collected  data  every  20  minutes  from  a  wheat  field  for  more  than  three  months  feb.  1  to  may  8,  2017.  sample  results  of  the  four  watermark  200ss  sensors  installed  at  four  soil  depths  15,  30,  45  and  60  cm  during  april  22  to  may  8,  2017  are  shown  in
__label__environmentmonitoring .  it  shows  the  watermark  200ss  data  as  displayed  by  the  thingspeak  website,  which  by  default  shows  separate  plots  for  each  sensor.  it  shows  that  the  system  worked  as  expected,  responding  to  changes  .  data  from  four  watermark  200ss  sensors  displayed  on  the  thingspeak  website.  in  soil  moisture  conditions.  the  peaks  in  the  curves  indicate  the  quick  response  of  the  sensors  to  an  increase  in  soil  moisture  due  to  rainfall  events,  followed  by  progressive  drying  of  the  soil  profile,  indicated  by  more  negative  soil  water  potential  values.  the  smooth  nature  of  the  data  shown  in  indicates  that  the  10bit  resolution
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  adc  chip  of  the  microcontrollers  was  accurate  enough  to  represent  the  range  of  values  of  the  watermark  200ss  sensor  output.  also,  the  wireless  and  wifi  communication  systems  proved  to  be  very  reliable  and  never  failed  to  report  data  to  the  thingspeak  website.  showing  data  for  each  sensor  in  a  separate  graph,  using  the  default  thingspeak  settings,  would  hinder  data  interpretation.  but,  the  thingspeak  website  provides  access  to  matlab,  which  allows  writing  scripts  for  creating  customized  displays  and  conducting  additional  analysis  using  the  collected  data.  therefore,  a  matlab  script  was  created  to  show  the  data  from  the  four  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  same  plot  .  4.  conclusion  in  this  study,  a  system  was  developed  to  periodically  collect  data  from  four  watermark  200ss  soil  moisture  sensors  installed  in  a  farm  and  automatically  send  the  data  to  a  website  using  radio  and  wifi  wireless  communication.  the  system  was  developed  using  opensource  electronics  and  software  arduinobased  devices  and  using  an  opensource  internet  of  things  platform  thingspeak.com  to  host  and  display  the  data.  prior  to  deploying  the  system  in  the  field,  laboratory  tests  were  conducted  to  develop  calibration  functions  to  be  able  to  use  the  watermark  200ss  sensors  with  the  arduinobased  microcontroller.  the  system
__label__environmentmonitoring was  installed  in  a  production  wheat  field  and  data  were  collected  successfully  under  real  field  conditions.  the  system  described  here  can  be  built  at  an  affordable  price  for  growers.  potential  future  improvements  for  the  system,  however,  could  .  results  of  matlab  script  showing  data  from  four  sensors  in  the  same  plot.  include  integrating  the  coordinator  into  a  printed  circuit  board  and  making  the  end  node  more  power  efficient  to  conserve  battery,  so  that  a  solar  panel  is  not  needed  for  field  installation.  making  the  system  more  power  efficient  can  be  accomplished  by  taking  advantage  of  the  sleepmode  capabilities  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring microcontroller  or  by  using  external  hardware  to  only  turn  the  system  on  when  data  collection  is  required.  our  next  step  is  to  demonstrate  and  promote  the  use  of  the  system  to  improve  irrigation  scheduling  among  commercial  growers.  acknowledgements  technical  contribution  no.  6555  of  the  clemson  university  experiment  station.  this  material  is  based  upon  work  supported  by  usda/nifa,  under  projects  number  sc1700540,  and  sc1700511,  and  usda/nrcs  under  projects  number  693a751388,  and  694639140010.  disclaimer  mention  of  trade  names  does  not  imply  endorsement  of  products  by  clemson  university  to  the  exclusion  of  others  that  might  be  available.  advances  in  internet  of  things  7
__label__environmentmonitoring epub  abstract  ahead  of  print  ,  ,  .  recent  advances  in  computer  science  and  communications  :  the  human  civilization  has  started  doing  agriculture  for  its  growth  from  the  prehistoric  era.  traditional  methods  of  irrigation  being  followed  up  from  early  times  are  very  inefficient  and  poor  due  to  excess  usage  of  water.  in  these  techniques,  plenty  of  water  gets  wasted  as  well  as  causes  different  diseases  and  fungus  to  plants  because  of  overwater  content  in  the  soil  generally  named  soil  moisture.  for  the  conservation  of  soil  and  water  with  an  increase  in  efficiency  of  the  farm,  irrigation  of  soil  water  content
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring  system  is  very  essential.  most  of  the  water  resources  available  globally  are  used  for  agricultural  purpose  only.  to  cope  up  with  rising  demands  of  efficient  agriculture  advanced  soil  moisture  metering  system  have  been  developed  and  discussed  to  provide  appropriate  water  to  the  crop.  this  advanced  system  gets  powered  through  a  solar  panel  a  renewable  source  of  energy.  this  system  monitors  the  water  content  in  the  soil  through  sensors  and  as  per  the  requirement  watering  of  the  plant  is  done.  for  processing  and  storage  of  a  large  amount  of  data  storage  cloud  based  blynk  service  is  used.  this  is  a
__label__environmentmonitoring smartphone  based  moisture  measuring  system  for  appropriate  irrigation  using  iot.  the  primitive  goal  of  this  article  is  to  monitor  and  metering  of  soil  moisture  to  control  the  content  of  water  in  the  plant.  this  is  a  mobile  integrated  smart  moisture  measurement  system  using  iot.  sensor,  soil,  moisture,  water,  iot,  solar,  forest,  fire,  landslid  renewable  energy  based  soil  moisture  metering  system  using  a  smartphone  with  iot  13  devesh  mishra,  r.  s.  yadav  and  k.  k.  agrawal  department  of  electronics  communication,  university  of  allahabad,  prayagraj,  department  of  electronics  communication,  university  of  allahabad,  prayagraj,  computer  science  engineering  department,  delhi  technical  campus,  greater  noida
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor,  soil,  moisture,  water,  iot,  solar,  forest,  fire,  landslid  the  human  civilization  has  started  doing  agriculture  for  its  growth  from  the  prehistoric  era.  traditional  methods  of  irrigation  being  followed  up  from  early  times  are  very  inefficient  and  poor  due  to  excess  usage  of  water.  in  these  techniques,  plenty  of  water  gets  wasted  as  well  as  causes  different  diseases  and  fungus  to  plants  because  of  overwater  content  in  the  soil  generally  named  soil  moisture.  for  the  conservation  of  soil  and  water  with  an  increase  in  efficiency  of  the  farm,  irrigation  of  soil  water  content  monitoring  system  is  very  essential.  most  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  water  resources  available  globally  are  used  for  agricultural  purpose  only.  to  cope  up  with  rising  demands  of  efficient  agriculture  advanced  soil  moisture  metering  system  have  been  developed  and  discussed  to  provide  appropriate  water  to  the  crop.  this  advanced  system  gets  powered  through  a  solar  panel  a  renewable  source  of  energy.  this  system  monitors  the  water  content  in  the  soil  through  sensors  and  as  per  the  requirement  watering  of  the  plant  is  done.  for  processing  and  storage  of  a  large  amount  of  data  storage  cloud  based  blynk  service  is  used.  this  is  a  smartphone  based  moisture  measuring  system  for  appropriate
__label__environmentmonitoring irrigation  using  iot.  the  primitive  goal  of  this  article  is  to  monitor  and  metering  of  soil  moisture  to  control  the  content  of  water  in  the  plant.  this  is  a  mobile  integrated  smart  moisture  measurement  system  using  iot.  devesh  mishra,  r.  s.  yadav  and  k.  k.  agrawal,  renewable  energy  based  soil  moisture  metering  system  using  a  smartphone  with  iot,  recent  advances  in  computer  science  and  communications  2020  13:  1.  https://doi.org/10.2174/2213275912666190801114258  doi  print  issn  publisher  name  online  issn  epub  abstract  ahead  of  print  doi:  price:  95
__label__environmentmonitoring 3,095  22  soil  moisture  is  the  amount  of  moisture  in  the  soil  or  to  simply  put  the  amount  of  wetness  or  dampness  in  the  soil.  this  is  an  important  parameter  when  you  want  garden  automation  as  this  parameter  lets  your  system  know  how  dry  is  the  soil  and  does  the  plant  need  watering.  as  described  in  the  link  soil  moisture  can  be  quantified  by  3  methods:  we  will  be  focusing  on  resistive  method  as  its  the  best  and  easy  method  with  reliable  and  repeatable  results...  since  we  are  going  to  make  this  a  little  more  fun  we  will  be  posting
__label__environmentmonitoring the  results  on  internet  so  that  we  can  keep  track  of  our  soil  moisture  24  7  ioted  the  project  :  you  can  look  at  my  dashboard  at  soil  moisture  is  a  function  of  soil  temperature  as  well  this  instructable  doesnt  include  soil  temperature  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  again  this  is  not  a  expensive  circuit  the  total  cost  was  approx  7  to  9  excluding  power  bank  cost  the  concept  here  is  to  push  the  screw  into  the  soil  at  a  distance  which  is
__label__environmentmonitoring lesser  than  length  of  the  screw,  mine  were  20  to  30  mm  apart  and  then  we  can  simply  measure  the  resistance  between  them.  when  my  measurements  were  taken  they  varied  from  16k  to  26  k  dry  and  wet  conditions  thus  giving  us  a  relative  approximation  of  moisture  in  the  soil.  to  simply  measure  resistance  i  used  esp8266  to  read  a  simple  voltage  divider  circuit  from  adc  pin  this  was  fairly  easy  for  me  as  my  module  already  had  a  ldr  connected  to  the  adc  pin  all  i  had  to  do  was  simply  desolder  the  ldr  and  solder  the  soil  moisture
__label__environmentmonitoring posts.this  is  shown  in  the  given  circuit.  from  the  voltage  divider  circuit  we  can  easily  see  that  the  voltage  never  exceeds  1v  with  the  given  divider.  thus  making  it  easy  to  read  resistance  between  the  probes.  just  power  the  esp  using  the  power  bank  and  now  its  portable  ;  note:  we  are  not  compensating  soil  temperature  in  this  instructable  void  setup  pinmodea0,  input;  serial.begin115200  void  loop  //  put  your  main  code  here,  to  run  repeatedly:  serial.printlnanalogreada0;  delay1000;  this  should  give  you  adc  counts  which  shall  map  to  soil  moisture  contentmy  research  says:small  number  is  dry  soil  and  bigger  number  means
__label__environmentmonitoring wet  soil  since  now  we  are  able  to  read  the  moisture  content  of  the  soil  and  display  it  on  the  computer  through  serial  port  this  doesnt  help  my  iot  garden  water  pump  to  know  when  to  water  the  plants  and  when  to  stop  for  this  part  we  need  to  publish  this  information  somewhere  so  that  the  pump  can  read  from  it.  this  is  where  dweet.io  comes  into  picture  the  concept  is  simple  the  pump  reads  data  from  this  soil  moisture  thing  and  takes  decision  when  to  start  stop.  but  doing  so  means  posting  data  on  internet  which  means  its  too
__label__environmentmonitoring much  power  hungry  for  this  device  to  run  on  battery  for  the  same  we  sleep  the  device  for  1  min  and  take  reading  and  post  on  internet.  following  code  helps  esp  to  do  the  same.  we  will  also  be  using  freeboard.io  to  publish  visual  results.  you  can  look  at  my  board  here:  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  9,853  enrolled  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring whether  youre  growing  pasture  or  crops,  understanding  soil  moisture  levels  is  critical  for  irrigation  decisionmaking.  deliver  realtime  and  historical  soil  moisture  data  wirelessly,  to  any  mobile  phone,  tablet  or  desktop.  a  network  of  soil  moisture  sensors  send  data  via  connected  loncel  radio  transmitters.  the  network  can  extend  from  the  base  station.  each  radio  can  be  up  to  2km  away  from  the  base  station  or  10km  with  a  repeater.  the  cellular  basestation  powered  by  solar  or  mains  power  pack  communicates  with  our  servers  via  radio  relay,  cellular  and  cloud  iot  network  technology.  these  remote  radios  are  also  able  to  be  integrated
__label__environmentmonitoring into  existing  loncel  monitoring  systems  using  compatible  equipment.  you  can  log  in  to  our  webapp  to  monitor  moisture  levels  in  real  time  from  any  desktop,  tablet  or  mobile  device  with  an  internet  connection.  data  is  transmitted  back  to  the  loncelhosted  customer  web  application.  the  standard  system  consists  of:  the  cellular  base  station  powered  by  solar  or  mains  power  pack  soil  moisture  sensors  as  required  one  loncel  batterypowered  remote  radio  per  sensor.  there  is  also  the  capability  to  pair  two  soil  moisture  sensors  with  one  radio  to  provide  high/low  readings  for  more  information,  please  download  our  brochure  phone:  level  2,  81
__label__environmentmonitoring sensoterra  is  the  robust,  wireless,  iot  solution  for  realtime  soil  moisture  data  for  agriculture,  horticulture,  smart  cities  and  landscaping.  learn  how  growers  and  landscapers  are  making  smart  irrigation  decisions  for  growth.  get  a  return  on  investment  within  one  crop  cycle  understand  your  crops  irrigation  needs,  improve  production  efficiency  and  yield  helping  to  optimize  inputs  to  maximize  crop  yield  with  remote  visibilityand  soil  moisture  data,  agronomists  can  now  optimize  their  time  in  the  field  and  give  informed  recommendations  for  maximum  yield.  optimized  inputs  for  maximum  yield  how  a  grower  reduced  water  consumption  irrigation  rounds  with  soil  moisture  data  maintaining  healthy  a
__label__environmentmonitoring healthy  orchard  with  wireless  soil  moisture  data  identifying  irrigation  needs  based  on  smart  data  from  farm  to  tap  how  a  saskatchewan  hop  grower  used  smart  data  to  increase  yield,  and  ensure  crop  quality  in  the  face  of  drought  organic  farms  use  smart  data  for  optimum  yield  a  greenhouse  organic  tomato  and  cucumber  grower  saved  his  crop  during  extreme  drought  with  sensoterra  sensors,  and  improved  yield  with  soil  moisture  data  understand  your  soil  moisture  content  defining  the  irrigation  needs  for  optimum  flower  quality  bulb  crop  saved  from  drought  with  smart  data  how  one  crop  consultant,  helps  growers  turn  gutfeelings  into  datadriven
__label__environmentmonitoring decisions.  beautiful  flowers,  with  less  water  how  greenhouse  growers  are  using  less  inputs,  less  water  and  growing  better  flowers  smart  irrigation  for  city  landscaping  integrating  realtime  soil  moisture  readings  to  help  cities  conserve  water  while  reducing  costs  introduce  smartiot  technology  for  remote  monitoring  of  trees,  shrubs,  and  ground  cover.  newsletter  starting  in  2020.  stay  up  to  date  with  the  latest  sensoterra  product  updates,  customer  stories,  and  company  news.  sign  up  now  sensoterra  2019  design  registered.  united  states  design  patent  d841,490.  eu  design  003827625.  zl  201730320770.  sensoterra  and  its  logo  are  trademarks  of  sensoterra  b.v.
__label__environmentmonitoring published  november  30,  2017  the  farming  and  agricultural  industry  relies  on  innovative  ideas  and  technological  advancements  to  help  increase  yields  and  better  allocate  resources.  the  late  19th  century  and  the  20th  century  brought  a  number  of  mechanical  innovations,  like  tractors  and  harvesters.  ,  which  leaves  the  door  wide  open  for  engineers  looking  to  bring  a  smart  farming  solution  or  iot  agricultural  sensor  to  market.  more  the  next  several  years  will  see  increasing  use  of  these  and  other  smart  farming  technologies.  in  fact,  and  according  to  a  january  2016  ,  the  number  of  connected  agricultural  devices  is  expected  to  grow  from
__label__environmentmonitoring 13  million  at  the  end  of  2014  to  225  million  by  2024.  below,  weve  outlined  three  generic  iot  agriculture  use  cases  and  seven  iot  agricultural  applications  already  on  the  market  that  are  making  it  possible  for  farmers  and  ranchers  to  gather  meaningful  data.  additionally,  well  walk  you  through  five  engineering  questions  you  should  consider  before  you  finalize  your  smart  agriculture  solution.  thanks  to  livestock  monitoring,  ranchers  can  use  wireless  iot  applications  to  gather  data  regarding  the  health,  wellbeing,  and  location  of  their  cattle.  this  information  saves  them  money  in  two  ways:  there  are  some  specific  challenges  when  instrumenting  livestock  with
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors.  specifically,  its  quite  difficult  to  outfit  cattle  with  a  collar.  an  alternate  option  is  to  use  a  wireless  retrofitted  bolus  in  the  cows  stomach,  which  can  communicate  via  bluetooth  to  an  ear  tag.  another  potential  challenge  ranchers  face  in  implementing  an  iot  solution  is  selecting  a  wireless  technology  with  enough  battery  power  to  last  the  lifespan  of  the  animal.  a  beef  cow,  for  example,  lives  15  months  or  longerand  while  some  technologies  that  use  a  mesh  network  likely  wont  manage  that  kind  of  battery  life,  can  easily  connect  for  that  length  of  time  without  much  infrastructure  around  the  ranch
__label__environmentmonitoring to  connect  all  of  the  devices.  while  it  doesnt  strictly  fall  under  the  heading  of  agriculture,  monitoring  for  endangered  rhinos  is  one  of  the  more  interesting  animal  iot  use  cases  out  there.  knowing  where  rhinos  are  located  in  large  game  facilities  can  help  conservationists  protect  them  from  poachers.  as  one  may  imagine,  collaring  a  rhino  isnt  easyand  weve  found  it  isnt  often  successful.  the  collars  get  ripped  off  during  bouts  of  fighting,  and  theyve  been  known  to  cause  behavioral  changes  in  the  rhinos.  to  overcome  these  obstacles,  we  are  currently  examining  the  idea  of  putting  symphony  link  devices  inside  a
__label__environmentmonitoring rhinoceross  horn.  monitoring  plant  and  soil  conditions  is  a  simple  use  casebut  it  can  lead  to  a  fantastic  return  on  investment  for  farmers.  weve  seen  several  great  uses  for  agriculture  iot  in  this  space:  because  the  sensors  in  all  the  use  cases  above  are  close  to  the  ground,  using  a  can  be  difficult.  there  simply  isnt  enough  link  budget.  but  star  topologies  like  are  an  ideal  fit,  because  one  access  point  can  talk  to  a  number  of  sensors  20100  square  kilometers  away.  while  these  generic  case  studies  provide  insight  into  how  iot  in  agriculture  can  be  useful  to  the  farming
__label__environmentmonitoring community,  its  also  important  to  understand  what  iot  agriculture  projects  and  applications  have  already  been  developed:  cropx  produces  hardware  and  software  systems  that  measure  moisture,  temperature,  and  electrical  conductivity  in  the  soil.  their  system  tells  farmers  when  and  how  much  to  irrigate.  temputech  saw  a  need  for  increased  safety  in  agricultural  storage.  silos  and  grain  elevators  can  be  dangerous  places,  with  conveyor  belts  that  can  catch  fire  and  dust  buildup  that  can  be  explosive.  using  sensors  to  track  hazards  is  of  massive  value.  with  ,  temputech  created  a  way  to  connect  wireless  sensors  and  help  farmers  make  sense  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring data  from  their  silos  and  grain  elevators.  using  this  platform,  manufacturers  can  establish  baseline  performance  norms  and  set  alert  and  alarm  conditions  related  to  temperature,  vibration,  humidity,  and  other  conditions.  claas  is  one  of  the  worlds  leading  manufacturers  of  agricultural  engineering  equipment.  farmers  can  operate  claas  equipment  on  autopilot,  receive  advice  on  how  to  improve  crop  flow  and  minimize  grain  losses,  or  automatically  optimize  equipment  performance.  the  company  is  partnering  with  ,  a  program  that  enables  farmers  to  manage  their  entire  agricultural  holding  on  a  computer  or  mobile  device.  the  system  collects  data  and  makes  meaningful  use  of  it  through
__label__environmentmonitoring field  mapping,  fertilization  planning,  nutrient  balance,  and  calendar  and  planning  programs.  precisionhawk  has  created  an  autonomous  uav  that  collects  highquality  data  through  a  series  of  sensors  that  are  used  for  the  surveying,  mapping,  and  imaging  of  agricultural  land.  its  essentially  a  drone  that  performs  inflight  observations  and  monitoring.  before  sending  the  drone  into  the  air,  farmers  tell  it  what  field  to  survey  and  choose  a  ground  resolution  or  altitude.  each  drone  can  detect  weather  conditions  using  artificial  intelligence,  so  it  chooses  the  best  flight  path  to  take  based  on  things  like  wind  speed  or  air  pressure.  during  the  flight,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring drone  collects  visual,  thermal,  and  multispectral  imagery;  then  it  lands  in  the  same  place  it  took  off.  now  thats  a  cool  and  useful  internet  of  things  farming  tool  radar  family  farms  began  as  a  pumpkin  farm  in  the  1990s,  and  today  offers  a  10acre  corn  maze  to  visitors  every  fall.  in  the  early  days,  the  family  created  the  maze  by  planting  all  10  acres  of  corn  and  then  hiring  a  company  to  mow  out  the  shape  of  the  maze.  this  was  a  waste  of  seedand  a  waste  of  money.  by  using  precision  planting  technology,  theyre  now  able  to  plant  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  shape  of  the  mapsomething  they  believe  no  other  farm  in  the  u.s.  is  doing.  tobacco  is  a  big  industry  in  italy  and  requires  certain  environmental  and  climatic  requirements  for  optimal  growth.  in  response  to  this  issue,  an  italian  software  company  deployed  libeliums  platform  to  collect  data  on  weather  conditions  that  may  affect  tobacco  crops.  this  technique  can  be  used  by  tobacco  farmers  to  optimize  their  crops  in  conditions  not  typically  suitable  for  tobacco  growth.  jmb  north  america  has  brought  to  market  an  iot  solution  that  helps  ranchers  monitor  pregnant  cows  that  are  preparing  to  give  birth.  a  batterypowered  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring is  expelled  from  the  heifer  when  its  water  breaks,  which  sends  a  notification  to  the  rancher  or  herd  manager.  the  sensor  allows  farmers  to  be  more  focused  in  the  time  spent  with  pregnant  heifers.  as  shown  in  the  examples  above,  there  are  a  wide  variety  of  iot  agriculture  use  cases  to  cover  a  menagerie  of  farming  and  livestock  issues.  if  youre  engineering  a  smart  agriculture  solution,  there  are  specific  areas  of  focus  to  keep  in  mind  while  you  build  out  your  product.  farmers,  agriculturalists,  and  industrial  food  producers  alike  are  looking  at  iot  solutions  to  increase  efficiencies  and  yields  and
__label__environmentmonitoring reduce  loss  and  theft.  in  other  words,  theyre  looking  to  optimize  resources  and  lower  costs.  whatever  the  end  user  will  be  monitoring  should  be  frontandcenter  as  you  design  the  application.  for  example,  a  corn  farmer  may  be  primarily  .  he  doesnt  want  to  use  too  much  water,  but  he  also  needs  to  be  sure  that  enough  water  is  getting  where  its  needed.  realtime  monitoring,  on  the  other  hand,  can  help  a  rancher  locate  a  sick  cow  in  the  herd  before  it  contaminates  the  rest  of  the  animals.  doing  this  will  dramatically  reduce  livestock  losses,  and  reduce  costs  associated  with  purchasing
__label__environmentmonitoring antibiotics  needed  to  treat  a  large  group.  the  distance  that  data  needs  to  travel  makes  a  huge  impact  on  what  type  of  technology  should  be  used.  if  you  measure  something  10  meters  away,  you  wouldnt  use  the  same  technology  youd  use  for  something  1,500  meters  away.  for  short  distances,  you  may  use  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  or  near  field  communication  nfc,  which  is  common  in  cell  phones.  nfc  or  rfid  may  be  used  if  youre  tagging  a  feedbag  and  need  to  know  how  many  pounds  of  soybeans  are  in  each  bag.  if  youre  sending  data  to  an  object  10  meters
__label__environmentmonitoring or  closer,  might  be  good  options.  a  good  example  of  that  would  be  engineering  a  bluetooth  ear  tag  for  pigs  living  in  a  small  area,  which  would  tell  an  end  user  the  swines  ages  and  important  information  about  them.  if  your  application  needs  to  send  data  over  hundreds  or  even  thousands  of  meters,  you  might  look  at  options.  a  few  examples  include  or  other  subghz  technologies.  an  application  over  this  type  of  network  might  be  used  to  measure  soil  moisture  in  fields  or  to  find  and  track  livestock  as  they  graze.  this  type  of  application  is  also  ideal  for  monitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring fish  farms  that  have  large,  fencedin  areas  of  aquaculture  and  are  difficult  to  access.  there  is  a  very  close  correlation  between  battery  life  and  range.  a  sensor  that  is  very  far  away  requires  more  energy  to  get  information  from  one  point  to  another.  to  get  around  that,  iot  product  creators  often  engineer  applications  to  send  much  less  data  or  send  data  less  frequently  to  save  on  costs  and  power.  so,  youll  need  to  determine  where  your  sensor  application  will  draw  power  from.  given  that  most  iot  agriculture  is  typically  outside  or  spread  over  a  large  area,  youll  need  to  consider
__label__environmentmonitoring a  low  power  application.  otherwise,  the  service  and  upkeep  of  many  distant  sensors  will  be  overwhelming  for  the  end  user.  you  may  think  that  the  more  data  packets  a  sensor  can  send  the  better,  but  this  isnt  necessarily  the  case.  how  many  data  packets  are  necessary  depends  on  many  different  factors,  including  the  enduser  application  and  the  local  environment.  for  example,  if  a  farmer  has  a  moisture  sensor  in  a  faraway  potato  field,  he  likely  doesnt  need  to  gather  information  every  two  seconds.  once  or  twice  a  day  is  probably  sufficient,  which  means  the  battery  life  will  be  far  greater.
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  other  hand,  an  application  that  is  used  to  send  gps  coordinates  and  other  information  gleaned  by  a  tractor  could  easily  send  nearconstant  data  packets  back  to  the  gateway.  after  all,  a  tractor  offers  a  perfect  and  nearly  unlimited  power  source,  so  large  amounts  of  data  or  video  streams  can  be  sent  without  clogging  up  the  network.  you  can  see  how  this  is  a  lot  different  than  our  moisture  sensor  example,  which  doesnt  have  a  constant  power  source.  another  example  is  a  comparison  of  tank  leveling  and  irrigation.  many  farms  have  large  tanks  that  house  fertilizer,  fuel,  or  livestock
__label__environmentmonitoring feed.  monitoring  the  levels  of  these  tanks  more  than  once  a  day  is  probably  unnecessary.  on  the  other  hand,  when  irrigation  is  on,  continual  updates  can  ensure  that  the  right  amounts  of  water  are  being  released  and  that  there  isnt  a  leak.  all  this  to  say:  before  you  create  an  m2m  agriculture  application,  make  sure  you  consider  how  much  data  is  too  much.  every  is  different,  so  youll  want  to  consider  which  ones  youre  going  to  use  and  how  youll  be  interfacing  with  them  before  you  get  started.  some  sensorslike  moisture  sensorsare  embedded,  and  require  microcontrollers  to  interface.  creating  the
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  and  weatherizing  it  is  an  engineering  challenge  that  would  need  to  be  met.  positioning  the  sensor  for  an  optimal  communication  path  is  another  engineering  challenge.  if  sensors  are  placed  in  an  orange  orchard,  the  trees  may  interfere  if  the  antennae  arent  mounted  properly.  this  is  obviously  not  as  big  of  a  challenge  if  an  antenna  is  mounted  in  a  strawberry  field.  so  make  sure  you  understand  what  your  end  user  needs  to  measure,  then  choose  a  solid  technology  to  build  around  to  get  that  information  out.  because  they  are  not  dependent  on  thirdparty  wifi  or  3g  connections,  low  power
__label__environmentmonitoring widearea  lpwa  connectivity  options  like  enjoy  greater  network  reliability  and  scalability  even  across  a  vast  farming  enterprise.  download  the  brochure  below  to  learn  more  about  how  symphony  link  can  help  connect  your  iot  agriculture  application.  if  you  have  questions,  .  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  share  article:  brian  is  the  founder  and  cto  of  link  labs.  as  the  chief  technical  innovator  and  leader  of  the  company,  brian  has  led  the  creation  and  deployment  of  a  new  type  of  ultra  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  networking  which  is  transforming  the  internet  of  things  and  m2m  space.  before
__label__environmentmonitoring starting  link  labs,  brian  led  a  team  at  the  johns  hopkins  university  applied  physics  lab  that  solved  communications  and  geolocation  problems  for  the  national  intelligence  community.  he  was  also  the  vp  of  engineering  at  the  network  security  company,  lookingglass,  and  served  for  eight  years  as  a  submarine  officer  in  the  u.s.  navy.  he  graduated  from  the  u.s.  naval  academy  and  received  his  masters  degree  from  oxford  university.  looking  for  more  information  about  the  latest  iot  technologies,  like  lpwan,  lora,  m2m,  longrange  wireless  and  more?  .  follow  us:  130  holiday  court  suite  100  annapolis,  md  21401  copyright  link  labs.  all  rights
__label__environmentmonitoring three  per  cent  of  the  worlds  water  is  accessible  freshwater.  of  that,  70  per  cent  of  the  freshwater  consumed  is  used  in  the  agricultural  industry  the  largest  consumer  of  water  globally.  monitoring  soil  moisture  allows  farmers  to  make  effective  and  smart  irrigation  decisions.  too  much  water  in  the  soil  leads  to  waterlogged  areas  and  rootrot  damage,  while  too  little  will  harm  crop  growth.  land  life  company  is  a  nature  restoration  company,  with  a  mission  to  reforest  the  worlds  two  billion  hectares  of  degraded  land.  it  develops  technologies  to  restore  habitat  in  parts  of  the  world  where  nature  cannot  come  back
__label__environmentmonitoring unaided,  making  use  of  drones  and  satellite  imagery  to  analyse  the  land  in  the  planning  stage.  it  has  reforestation  projects  in  over  25  countries.  a  lot  of  areas  that  need  reforestation  are  very  arid,  so  its  difficult  to  get  trees  to  grow  there,  says  rebekah  braswell,  a  director  at  the  company.  land  life  hit  upon  the  idea  of  a  tree  incubator  with  a  biodegradable  reservoir,  called  cocoon,  which  provides  a  tree  sapling  with  just  the  right  amount  of  water  during  its  critical  first  year  enough  to  feed  deeper  roots,  but  not  enough  to  become  dependent  on  an  external  water  source.
__label__environmentmonitoring but  it  required  a  sensor  system  to  provide  access  to  data  in  remote  areas.  the  companys  founder  and  chief,  jurriaan  ruys,  searched  for  a  suitable  solution,  but  could  not  find  one.  instead,  his  team  builttheir  own  lowcost  monitoring  system,  called  sensoterra,  using  loraenabled  sensors,  running  on  lorawan  infrastructure.  soil  is  not  homogenous  it  holds  moisture  differently  in  different  areas.  lowcost  probes  offer  realtime  insights  into  the  soil  moisture  of  crops,  across  varied  terrains,  affording  smarter  management  of  irrigation  systems.  sensoterra  claims  an  average  diameter  range  of  1.5  miles  between  its  probe  and  the  gateway.  ease  of  installation  is  a  key
__label__environmentmonitoring feature,  it  says.  multidepth  lora  probes  can  be  installed  in  minutes  and  online  in  less  than  an  hour  later.  an  open  api  is  available  for  data  integration.  sensors  must  be  low  cost,  easy  to  install  and  last  for  long  periods  in  the  field.  only  these  characteristics  will  allow  growers  to  scale  deployments  and  benefit  from  true  operational  visibility,  says  ruys.  land  life  soon  discovered  there  was  a  need  for  this  type  of  system  in  agriculture,  horticulture  and  landscaping.  iot  firm  senet  has  opened  up  a  global  market  by  providing  the  baseline  lorawan  infrastructure.  sensoterra,  the  firm  setup  to  sell  the
__label__environmentmonitoring solution,  has  deployed  over  4,000  sensors,  mainly  in  europe  and  north  america,  and  has  achieved  720,000  data  points  since  launch  in  2016.  the  company  offers  an  example  of  its  application  beyond  reforestation.  an  idaho  potato  grower  has  used  the  system  to  manage  pivot  irrigation,  and  reduce  water  consumption  by  30  per  cent  by  decreasing  irrigation  rounds  based  upon  soil  moisture  metrics.  we  find  the  goldilocks  zone,  says  jessica  nuboer,  in  charge  of  marketing  at  sensoterra.  its  not  too  wet,  its  not  too  dry  its  exactly  what  you  need  to  get  the  best  yield.  the  company  has  another.  the  city  of
__label__environmentmonitoring albuquerque  reduced  water  waste  in  public  landscaping  with  the  system  after  drought  in  new  mexico.  the  data  collected  was  integrated  into  its  irrigation  systems  for  precision  irrigation.  the  citys  department  of  parks  reduced  labour  costs  and  recouped  its  expenses  within  three  months.  related  related  james  blackman  has  been  writing  about  the  technology  and  telecoms  sectors  for  over  a  decade.  he  has  edited  and  contributed  to  a  number  of  european  news  outlets  and  trade  titles.  he  has  also  worked  at  telecoms  company  huawei,  leading  media  activity  for  its  devices  business  in  western  europe.  he  is  based  in  london.
__label__environmentmonitoring from  measuring  environmental  conditions  that  influence  crop  production  to  tracking  livestock  health  indicators,  internet  of  things  iot  technology  for  agriculture  enables  efficiencies  which  reduce  environmental  impact,  maximize  yield  and  minimize  expenses.  smart  agriculture  use  cases  based  on  semtechs  lora  devices  and  the  lorawan  protocol  have  demonstrated  significant  improvements,  such  asa  .  lora  technologys  longrange,  lowpower  wireless  qualities  enable  the  use  of  low  cost  sensors  to  send  data  from  the  farm  to  the  cloud  where  it  can  be  analyzed  to  improve  operations.  see  how  lora  technology  has  enabled  business  efficiencies  in  these  realworld  smart  agriculture  deployments.  itks  loraenabled  sensors  detect  cattle
__label__environmentmonitoring estrus,  drive  improved  nutrition  and  predict  the  onset  of  disease  to  help  ranchers  better  monitor  their  herd.  oizoms  lorabased  agribot  sensor  leverages  tata  communications  lorawanbased  network  tomonitorsoil  conditions  including  humidity  and  ph  to  make  smarter  irrigation  decisions,  improving  crop  yield  and  reducing  water  and  electricity  consumption  by  up  to  26  percent.  australian  carrier  national  narrowband  network  co  nnnco  and  agriculture  company  goanna  ag  have  deployed  a  lorawanbased  network  to  enable  lorabased  iot  solutions  for  smart  agriculture  applications.  lar.techs  loraenabled  gps  tracker  and  biometric  sensor  monitor  a  cowsvitals  and  location  andnotify  ranchers  immediately  in  the  event  of  an  abnormality.  sk  telecoms
__label__environmentmonitoring loraequipped  biocapsule  is  implanted  into  a  cows  gastrointestinal  tract  to  monitorfor  a  variety  of  health  indicators.  sensoterras  lorabased  solutions  allow  farmers  to  manage  their  irrigation  systems  more  efficiently.  quantified  ags  smart  ear  tags  monitor  cattle  location  and  health  in  realtime,  increasing  productivity  and  efficiency.  teralytics  lorabased  wireless  sensors  detect  nitrogen,  phosphate  and  potassium  npk  levels  in  soil  to  help  farmers  reduce  waste  and  improve  crop  yields.  waterbits  loraenabled  autonomous  irrigation  system  helps  growers  maximize  yield  across  soil  types,  while  optimizing  the  use  of  labor  and  other  input  resources.  national  narrowband  network  communications  lorawannetwork  covers  one  million  acres  of  farmland  across
__label__environmentmonitoring rural  new  south  wales,  giving  farmers  realtime  data  on  soil  moisture,  rainfall,  crops,  water  levels,  and  livestock  through  a  network  of  lowcost  wireless  sensors.  learn  more  about  specific  applications  of  lora  technology  in  smart  agriculture.  download  white  papers  for  exclusive  content  offering  more  thorough  technical  analyses  of  smart  agriculture  applications.  videos  featuring  lorabased  smart  agriculture  solutions  are  presented  below.  find  reference  development  kits  for  lorabasedsolutions.  free  developer  building  blocks  for  lorabasedapplications.  connect.  learn.share.  search  for  solutions  in  our  marketplaceor  add  yourown  lorawan  academy  provides  iot  education  forall.  supporting  global  adoption  of  the  lorawan  openstandard.  semtech  inside  circuit  semtech  inside  circuit
__label__environmentmonitoring 11/01/2019  onfarm  offers  a  cloud  platform  service  for  the  agriculture  market.  lely  develops  automated  systems  for  the  dairy  industry.  farmobile  develops  smart  farming  monitoring  solution.  cropx  is  offers  an  agriculture  analytics  solution.  looking  for  more  companies  in  the  smart  agriculture  industry?  ah,  the  miracle  of  childbirth.  for  cattle  farmers  and  ranchers,  every  healthy  calf  represents  a  piece  of  their  future  livelihood  so  its  important  to  pay  attention  to  pregnant  cows  as  they  near  their  due  dates.  but  a  farmer  cant  always  be  with  bessie  24/7,  which  is  why  was  invented.  moocalls  noninvasive  wireless  sensor  can  detect  when  a  cow  is
__label__environmentmonitoring going  into  active  labor.  it  straps  to  the  tail,  where  it  can  monitor  movement  for  the  patterns  of  activity  that  mean  a  calf  is  on  the  way.  then  moocall  uses  the  3g  mobile  network  to  send  a  text  alert  to  the  farmer,  who  should  have  about  an  hour  to  prepare  for  the  arrival  of  the  latest  addition  to  the  herd.  the  sensors  are  waterresistant  and  designed  with  a  teardrop  shape  to  prevent  snagging  on  fences  or  other  objects.  with  battery  life  of  up  to  30  days  per  charge,  moocall  provides  set  and  forget  monitoring  that  works  almost  anywhere  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring world,  even  where  mobile  coverage  is  poor.  moocall  won  a  at  the  u.k.s  2015  lamma  agricultural  equipment  expo  as  well  as  being  nominated  for  the  uk  design  museum  in  their  product  category.  learn  more  in  the  video  below.  in  the  land  of  agriculture,  the  internet  of  things  is  blooming.  from  home  garden  sensors  and  sprinkler  controllers  to  industrialscale  farming  applications,  there  are  now  dozens  of  ways  to  wirelessly  measure  the  health  of  soil,  automate  irrigation  to  reduce  overwatering,  track  equipment  and  monitor  weather  conditions.  the  one  thing  nobody  ever  seems  to  slap  a  sensor  on?  plants.  ,  an  israeli  company,
__label__environmentmonitoring may  have  been  the  first  to  realize  the  untapped  potential  to  gather  data  directly  from  plants  themselves.  your  plants  hold  a  world  of  knowledge  they  know  how  much  water,  nutrition  and  light  they  need,  they  know  when  they  are  stressed,  and  they  know  exactly  what  they  need  to  create  the  optimal  conditions  for  copious  crops,  the  companys  website  reads.  like  flowery  fitbits,  phytechs  patented  sensors  attach  gently  to  a  growing  stem  or  fruit  to  directly  monitor  the  plants  vital  signs.  they  measure  microvariations  in  the  diameter  of  the  plants  parts,  which  indicate  growth  as  well  as  hydration  as  the  plant
__label__environmentmonitoring sucks  water  in  or  loses  it  to  sunbaked  air.  combined  with  other  sensors  to  detect  moisture  in  the  soil,  local  weather  conditions,  and  the  exact  amount  of  water  being  delivered  by  the  irrigation  system,  this  provides  a  detailed  window  into  the  health  of  a  crop.  data  from  a  group  of  sensors  is  collected  by  a  hub  out  in  the  field,  which  sends  the  encrypted  information  to  phytechs  cloud  servers  over  the  cellular  network.  farmers  can  view  realtime  data  and  analyze  trends  through  phytechs  mobile  app  and  website.  armed  with  precise  quantification  of  their  plants  wellbeing,  they  can  start  to  make
__label__environmentmonitoring betterinformed  decisions  and  potentially  automate  plant  care  through  other  smart  farm  systems.  the  most  direct  benefit  is  cutting  down  on  water  use  through  a  more  carefully  targeted  irrigation  schedule,  which  provides  precise  amounts  of  moisture  to  plants  at  the  first  sign  of  stress  instead  of  in  large  daily  deluges  reducing  water  consumption  by  2030  percent  while  increasing  crop  yields.  that  should  be  especially  interesting  to  farmers  in  droughtstricken  regions  like  california.  phytech  systems  are  in  use  at  hundreds  of  orchards,  fields  and  greenhouses  around  the  world,  and  can  be  configured  to  the  needs  of  dozens  of  crops.  outfitting  a  100acre
__label__environmentmonitoring field  with  an  intelligent,  internetconnected  irrigation  system  might  sound  like  a  complex  industrial  endeavor  but  israeli  startup  aims  to  make  it  as  simple  as  sticking  a  in  your  lawn.  in  a  of  u.s.  farms  and  ranches,  the  department  of  agriculture  found  that  only  10  percent  of  farmers  use  technology  in  making  irrigation  decisions.  michael  dowgert,  cropxs  vp  of  sales  and  marketing,  tells  postscapes  that  low  figure  is  due  in  large  part  to  the  complexity  of  the  measuring  instruments  that  have  been  available.  if  youre  going  to  have  to  bring  in  a  scientist  to  help  you  analyze  the  data,  you  might
__label__environmentmonitoring as  well  go  out  and  feel  the  soil  with  your  hands,  he  says.  and  thats  no  slight  to  farmers  fingers,  which  can  tell  a  lot  from  touch  it  just  means  that  for  technology  to  take  root,  it  has  to  be  easy  to  use.  cropxs  system  starts  with  soil  maps.  these  are  available  from  government  agencies  like  the  usda  and  usgs,  but  dowgert  says  many  farmers  already  have  their  own,  more  detailed  surveys  of  their  fields  sandy  over  here,  more  claylike  over  there,  and  so  on.  by  uploading  the  soil  type  data  to  cropxs  cloud  servers,  the  companys  algorithms  can  combine
__label__environmentmonitoring it  with  other  factors  like  topography  and  sun  exposure.  how  water  will  behave  in  the  soil  really  depends  primarily  on  those  three  things,  dowgert  explains.  you  dont  manage  your  water  from  above,  you  actually  manage  your  water  from  below.  once  the  field  has  been  analyzed,  all  a  farmer  has  to  do  is  plant  a  handful  of  soil  moisture  sensors  in  the  ground  according  to  a  zoning  map  generated  by  the  software.  saturating  the  soil  during  installation  lets  the  sensors  selfcalibrate:  they  compare  the  actual  drying  rate  of  the  soil  to  what  was  predicted  by  the  algorithm,  and  adjust  for  any
__label__environmentmonitoring differences.  from  then  on,  the  system  can  provide  a  watering  plan  that  is  tailored  to  the  specific  needs  of  the  soil  in  each  zone.  the  sensors  take  readings  every  20  minutes,  so  they  can  account  for  rainfall  and  other  changes,  and  make  sure  that  farmers  only  add  as  much  water  as  the  crops  need.  in  a  basic  setup,  a  farmer  might  refer  to  the  cropx  app  when  setting  a  manual  watering  schedule;  for  a  more  wiredup  farm,  cropxs  software  could  be  fully  integrated  with  the  irrigation  equipment  to  control  watering  automatically.  each  sensor  is  batterypowered  for  up  to  two  years
__label__environmentmonitoring with  either  a  pair  of  aas  or  a  rechargeable  battery  pack.  data  is  transmitted  through  the  cellular  network,  and  cropx  handles  the  data  plans  as  part  of  a  users  subscription  package,  with  fees  based  on  acreage.  although  cropx  was  initially  designed  for  pivotstyle  irrigation  systems  in  which  a  boom  rotates  to  spray  water  around  a  circular  field,  dowgert  says  farmers  have  also  been  clamoring  for  compatibility  with  drip  and  floodbased  irrigation  systems.  anybody  who  wants  to  manage  their  water  better  has  had  a  very  positive  response  to  the  technology,  he  says.  in  june,  cropx  closed  a  that  included  finistere  ventures,
__label__environmentmonitoring innovation  endeavors,  greensoil  investments,  and  previous  cropx  investor  ourcrowd.  as  the  company  looks  to  expand  its  team  and  bring  its  product  to  market,  dowgert  says  the  primary  opportunity  is  in  retrofitting  the  hundreds  of  thousands  of  irrigation  systems  currently  in  use  on  american  farms.  cropx  will  also  seek  partnerships  with  distributors  and  manufacturers,  so  its  product  could  be  included  with  sales  of  new  equipment.  and  future  versions  of  the  cropx  hardware  could  include  different  sensors  to  collect  data  about  soil  fertility  or  other  aspects  of  crop  health,  allowing  the  company  to  tap  into  markets  beyond  irrigation.  the  internet  of  things
__label__environmentmonitoring is  only  going  to  grow  on  the  farm,  dowgert  says.  as  california  continues  to  face  drought  forces  farmers  to  cut  back  on  water  use,  even  those  who  grow  crops  with  relatively  low  water  needs  like  wine  grapes  are  .  and  while  the  internet  of  things  has  brought  a  number  of  waterconscious  into  the  agricultural  market,  one  california  vineyardowner  has  taken  a  diy  approach  to  creating  a  sensordriven  water  conservation  system.  is  reinier  van  der  lees  opensource  solution  to  the  challenge  of  cutting  back  on  water  use  by  25  percent  a  voluntary  measure  that,  for  ,  amounts  to  savings  of  42
__label__environmentmonitoring million  acrefeet  per  year,  more  than  five  times  what  an  average  residential  household  uses.  the  project  so  far  includes  instructions  for  making  your  own  soil  moisture  sensors  based  on  the  gypsum  mineral  found  in  plaster  of  paris;  building  a  handheld  arduinobased  device  for  taking  sensor  readings;  and  creating  arduinobased  irrigation  valves,  water  pressure  sensors  and  data  loggers  for  controlling  and  monitoring  the  vineyards  irrigation  system.  in  prototype  stage  is  a  networked,  solarpowered  sensor  reading  station  that  can  report  vinduino  sensor  data  via  the  platform.  van  der  lees  future  plans  include  designing  a  network  hub  for  collecting  readings  from  multiple  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring stations,  and  creating  software  that  will  be  able  to  read  and  interpret  the  data  and  feed  it  back  to  the  irrigation  valves  closing  the  loop  on  fully  automated  watering.  van  der  lee  says  that  one  of  his  primary  motivations  for  building  vinduino  was  to  innovate  on  commercial  soil  monitoring  systems  that  typically  rely  on  readings  from  a  single  sensor.  vinduino  uses  three  sensors  at  different  depths  to  get  a  better  handle  on  the  way  water  moves  through  the  soil  at  each  measurement  point.  it  also  doesnt  hurt  that  vinduino  can  be  built  cheaply,  out  of  readily  available  components.  as  a
__label__environmentmonitoring small  vineyard  owner,  i  needed  something  low  cost  and  flexible,  van  der  lee  explains  at  the  projects  .  the  open  source  arduino  platform,  together  with  low  cost  gypsum  soil  moisture  sensors,  provides  all  that.  the  quality  of  asparagus  depends  heavily  on  the  temperature  of  the  ground  in  which  its  grown.  to  control  the  temperature,  farmers  use  a  twosided  sheet  of  foil:  the  black  side  draws  in  sunlight  to  increase  the  heat  of  the  asparagus  bed,  and  the  white  side  reflects  light  to  cool  the  bed  down.  in  order  to  make  the  right  black  or  white  decision,  the  farmer  needs  to
__label__environmentmonitoring measure  the  temperature  of  every  field  at  least  once  each  evening.  thats  where  we  come  in.  our  iot  system  frequently  measures  the  temperatures  of  the  bed  at  different  levels  and  stores  the  data  in  the  cloud.  then  we  provide  this  information  plus  additional  analysis  in  a  frontend  interface,  accessible  anywhere,  anytime.  farmers  in  uttar  pradesh  and  punjab  will  be  able  to  detect  late  blight  disease  in  this  seasons  potato  crop  through  mobile  phones,  thanks  to  tata  consultancy  services.  in  a  pilot  project  being  run  by  the  it  major  across  a  few  villages  in  these  states  for  the  past  two  years,
__label__environmentmonitoring agricultural  experts  are  able  to  gauge  the  crops  susceptibility  to  disease  based  on  soil  and  weather  humidity,  temperature  and  rainfall  parameters.  the  agriexperts  gather  the  information  from  a  wireless  sensor  network  spread  across  the  farms  and  are  able  to  determine  the  disease  risk.  now  we  will  introduce  a  mobile  application  that  will  involve  farmers  in  disease  detection,  says  dr  bhushan  jagyasi,  a  scientist  at  the  tcs  innovation  lab  in  mumbai.  measures  rainfall,  crop  water  demand,  water  stress,  microclimate,  canopy  biomass  chlorophyll.  the  smart  agriculture  models  allow  to  monitor  multiple  environmental  parameters  involving  a  wide  range  of  applications.  it  has  been
__label__environmentmonitoring provided  with...  our  wireless  sensors  provide  a  revolutionary  simple  and  low  cost  way  to  collect  realtime  weather  or  soil  data  from  a  field  or  greenhouse,...  our  multiaward  winning  products  are  designed  from  the  ground  up  to  provide  the  most  reliable,  easy  to  use  and  functional  platform  for  all  your...  tule  et  sensors  are  the  only  technology  that  can  measure  the  actual  et  from  your  field.  the  tule  actual  et  sensor  is  a  hardware  device  installed...  who  is  funding  this  smart  ag  revolution?  portfolio  includes:  lumigrow,  farmhub  and  mavrx  their  farm  to  fork  program  has  funded  companies  like  eio  diagnostics  portfolio
__label__environmentmonitoring includes  arcnet,  impactvision,  pycno  and  others.  portfolio  companies  include:  cowlar,  groguru  and  kilimo  what  startup  accelerator  programs  are  out  there  and  what  are  they  funding?  now  that  we  have  gone  over  how  sensors  are  impacting  large  scale  farm  production,  we  will  dive  into  how  this  same  technology  is  reshaping  how  individuals  are  growing  their  own  food.  from  cashcrop  farmers  to  planterbox  gardeners,  people  who  choose  to  grow  their  own  food  tend  to  be  fairly  committed  to  the  doityourself  mentality.  the  internet  of  things  offers  plenty  of  opportunities  for  diyers  to  automate  food  production  and  while  most  home  gardeners  wont  have
__label__environmentmonitoring reason  to  ,  any  smallscale  agricultural  project  could  benefit  from  assembling  a  .  created  by  ,  farmbot  is  an  opensource  automatic  gardening  system  that  resembles  a  3d  printer.  installed  over  any  rectangular  garden  plot  up  to  20  square  meters,  the  railmounted  machinery  can  handle  planting,  watering,  fertilizing,  applying  pesticides,  and  collecting  sensor  data  on  the  health  of  plants  and  soils.  as  it  zips  back  and  forth  over  the  crops,  farmbot  automatically  swaps  between  magnetically  mounted  tools  designed  for  each  job.  the  entire  contraption  is  made  out  of  weatherresistant  aluminum,  steel  and  3dprinted  plastic  parts.  its  controlled  by  a  raspberry  pi
__label__environmentmonitoring and  an  arduino  mega  with  a  ramps  shield,  which  was  originally  designed  for  the  selfreplicating  3d  printer  project.  once  the  system  is  installed,  farmbot  essentially  takes  care  of  itself.  instead  of  getting  their  hands  dirty,  gardeners  use  a  web  app  to  design  the  layout  of  their  garden,  choose  which  plants  to  grow,  and  set  how  they  should  be  cared  for.  its  a  lot  like  a  farm  simulation  game,  minus  the  simulation  come  harvest  time,  your  score  is  measured  in  actual  homegrown  food.  every  bit  of  farmbots  hardware  and  software  is  opensource,  and  theres  a  dedicated  to  sharing  ideas  and  iterating
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  design.  aronson  plans  to  run  a  crowdfunding  campaign  in  2016  that  will  put  farmbot  kits  on  the  market;  if  you  plan  to  build  a  farmbot  for  yourself  in  the  meantime,  expect  to  spend  between  1,500  and  4,000  depending  on  the  size  of  your  installation.  automatically  grow  your  marijuana  plants  at  home.  grow  your  herbs  indoor  automatically.  get  alerts  when  your  plant  is  needing  water  or  nutrients.  guide  trevor  harwood  trevor  has  been  following  the  iot  and  its  implications  since  2009.  he  is  most  interested  in  how  we  can  utilize  technology  and  connectivity  to  reduce  resource  usage.  smart  product
__label__environmentmonitoring agriculture  is  changing  rapidly,  and  the  internet  of  things  iot  seeks  to  potentially  disrupt  the  way  we  produce  and  deliver  food  to  the  millions  of  people  thatll  be  affected  by  worrying  problems  such  as  droughts,  fires,  natural  disasters,  and  other  issues  linked  to  global  warming.  gadgets,  health  care,  manufacturing;  these  are  all  areas  that  iot  has  touched  in  one  way  or  another,  but  is  it  possible  for  the  smart  farming  industry  to  keep  up  with  the  internet  of  things,  or  will  the  technologies  used  in  agriculture  be  inadequate  for  a  true,  onetoone  connection?  in  this  article,  were  going  to  explore
__label__environmentmonitoring five  iot  use  cases  that  will  shape  the  future  of  agriculture.  but  before  we  do  so,  its  important  to  understand  how  iot  is  used  in  agriculture,  and  whether  or  not  the  smart  farming  industry  is  reacting  to  the  constant  innovations  quickly  enough.  regardless  of  your  familiarity  with  the  industry,  youve  likely  heard  of  smart  farming.  its  a  buzzworthy  topic  that  is  currently  surging  in  popularity.  a  broad  definition  of  smart  farming  is  the  use  of  technology  to  improve  farming  efforts  i.e.  making  the  farmers  lives  easier.  smart  farming  offers  awareness  to  growers  who  wish  to  steer  clear  of  issues  and
__label__environmentmonitoring intervene  before  small  or  big  problems  affect  profits.  the  internet  of  things  comes  into  play  via  the  connected  devices  that  tell  farmers  what  they  need  to  know  regarding  soil,  humidity,  water  levels,  and  other  important  metrics.  even  the  government  is  starting  to  embrace  new  opportunities  in  smart  farming.  the  united  states  department  of  agriculture  usda  recently  at  its  beltsville  area  research  facility  into  a  testbed  for  iot  technology  and  related  advancements,  such  as  artificial  intelligence  ai.  this  initiative  will  reportedly  help  thousands  of  data  scientists  collect  information  faster.  the  overall  smart  farming  sector  deals  with  more  than  iot  tech  though.
__label__environmentmonitoring as  youll  see  from  the  following  five  examples,  these  advancements  are  instrumental  to  the  future  of  farming...  take  a  peek  at  how  we  plan  to  connect  the  future  of  food  with  climate  smart  agriculture.  inadequate  pest  management  could  translate  to  disappointing,  unprofitable  growing  seasons.  manual  methods  used  by  farmers  to  check  for  pest  infestations  are  timeconsuming.  plus,  issues  may  go  unnoticed  until  its  already  too  late.  iot  sensors  can  clearly  show  the  presence  of  pests.  lowresolution  image  sensors  are  ideal  for  assessing  crops  across  a  large  area.  these  devices  capture  images  of  pests  the  naked  eye  cant  see.  in  contrast,
__label__environmentmonitoring there  are  highresolution  sensors  that  capture  the  amount  of  light  energy  released  by  a  plantalso  known  as  a  .  farmers  pay  close  attention  to  factors  that  make  infestations  more  likely  when  deciding  to  .  for  example,  iot  sensors  can  gather  data  about  general  pest  behavior  patterns  on  a  farm,  allowing  users  to  know  if  prevention  methods  are  sufficient.  if  and  when  specific  weather  patterns  make  pests  more  prevalent,  iot  sensors  can  offer  predictive  analyses  to  help  farmers  prepare  in  advance.  smart  farming  devices  can  inform  farmers  on  whether  their  current  pesticide  usage  leads  to  the  necessary  results  or  not.  when
__label__environmentmonitoring users  collect  regular,  uptodate  information,  they  can  make  continual  adjustments  to  how,  when  and  where  to  apply  pest  management  strategies.  this  approach  allows  them  to  use  smart  farming  strategically  instead  of  hoping  for  the  best  outcome.  water  is  a  complex  resource  in  agriculture.  using  too  much  or  too  little  of  it  can  have  adverse  consequences  on  crop  yields  and  soil  health.  according  to  one  iot  solutions  provider,  connected  sensors  could  while  improving  land  management  decisions.  the  companys  technology  measures  moisture  in  the  soil.  then,  it  provides  data  to  help  farmers  take  action  against  drought  or  overwatering.  in  southern  california,  farmers
__label__environmentmonitoring place  sensors  around  avocado  trees  to  measure  the  water  levels.  the  sensors  connect  to  sprinkler  systems  that  treat  the  thirsty  trees  as  required.  at  night,  the  water  shuts  off  at  the  right  times  to  avoid  waste.  this  setup  automates  significant  parts  of  the  process,  allowing  farmers  to  stop  engaging  in  numerous  manual  tasks.  such  an  advantage  is  one  of  the  reasons  experts  cite  the  internet  of  things  in  agriculture  as  one  of  the  ,  making  them  curious  about  what  the  future  holds.  professionals  in  the  agriculture  sector  have  to  pay  attention  to  market  conditions  to  maintain  a  competitive  advantage.  some
__label__environmentmonitoring of  them  use  iot  sensors  to  increase  harvests  and  beat  other  producers  to  the  market.  for  example,  in  chinas  shunyi  district,  equipped  with  iot  technology  and  big  data  analytics  increased  production  by  more  than  100.  plus,  it  shortened  the  time  to  market  by  nearly  three  weeks.  the  datagathering  system  allowed  reducing  the  necessary  labor  force  by  50  per  kilogram  of  strawberries.  although  strawberries  are  not  one  of  chinas  top  exports,  this  smart  farming  example  shows  how  purposeful  use  of  iot  sensors  could  help  streamline  processes  and  compete  with  other  nations.  iot  technology  boosts  profits  by  reducing  risks.  if  a  farmer
__label__environmentmonitoring installs  a  sensor  on  a  tractor  or  piece  of  equipment,  the  collected  data  could  send  a  warning  once  a  part  is  about  to  wear  out.  when  farmers  ensure  maintenance  is  preventativenot  due  to  incidentfarms  can  avoid  costly  lapses  in  operations.  iot  technology  has  spurred  positive  changes  in  the  way  farmers  keep  tabs  on  grazing  animals,  such  as  sheep  and  cows.  its  now  common  for  many  creatures  to  wear  fabriccovered  collars  that  contain  tracking  capabilities.  iot  technology  has  spurred  positive  changes  in  the  way  farmers  keep  tabs  on  grazing  animals,  such  as  sheep  and  cows.  its  now  common  for  many  creatures
__label__environmentmonitoring to  wear  fabriccovered  collars  that  contain  tracking  capabilities.  a  new  initiative  in  wales  involved  using  iot  tech  at  nearly  20  farms.  one  cattle  farmer  believes  the  technology  will  .  plus,  it  will  even  show  which  spots  the  cows  prefer  to  graze  the  internet  of  things  can  also  give  farmers  updates  on  the  health  of  their  animals.  one  company  offers  a  device  for  predicting  if  a  cow  is  pregnant.  the  smart  farming  system,  which  involves  iot  sensors  placed  into  a  cows  throat  and  stomach,  lasts  for  four  years  before  a  replacement  is  needed.  if  an  animal  seems  to  be  visibly  sick,
__label__environmentmonitoring it  can  automatically  contact  a  vet.  in  britain  alone,  these  devices  track  15,000  cows.  operations  across  the  world,  including  the  u.s.,  china  and  the  middle  east,  have  an  eye  on  the  tech.  however,  with  a  setup  cost  of  600  per  cow,  implementation  can  be  expensive.  people  are  increasingly  focused  on  how  to  preserve  the  planets  future.  scientists  warn  that  drastic,  committed  and  collective  action  must  occur  to  avoid  climate  catastrophe.  however,  population  growth  may  worsen  the  effects  of  climate  change  and  directly  impact  more  individuals.  researchers  continuously  wonder  how  to  provide  people  with  access  to  nutritious  food  even  as  the
__label__environmentmonitoring world  becomes  more  populated.  unfortunately  though,  climate  change  could  wreak  havoc  by  disrupting  typical  growing  seasons.  in  part  due  to  this  problem,  vertical  facilities  have  taken  off  in  the  smart  farming  industry.  many  people  believe  theyll  solve  numerous  food  crises  associated  with  climate  change.  for  example,  a  vertical  farm  per  year  instead  of  just  a  few.  these  are  indoor  farms,  so  they  dont  need  soil  or  natural  light  to  thrive.  the  operators  of  vertical  farms  can  grow  more  fruits  and  vegetables  when  compared  to  a  conventional  setup.  plus,  they  do  so  in  tightly  controlled  environments  centered  around  feedback  provided  by
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  iot  sensors.  vertical  farms  work  well  for  urban  environments  because  such  as  warehouses  and  former  parking  garages.  conventional  farming  is  impractical  in  densely  populated  cities  because  there  not  enough  space  for  crops  to  flourish.  as  a  result,  the  carbon  emissions  associated  with  transporting  produce  to  those  who  need  it  increase,  which  is  bad  news  for  both  the  planet  and,  ultimately,  us.  thanks  to  the  rise  of  vertical  farming,  agriculture  could  someday  become  a  fixture  in  many  cities,  and  people  could  easily  access  healthy  sustenance.  the  indoor  setups  can  offer  prosperous  harvests  yearround,  even  if  climate  change  causes  nonideal  weather
__label__environmentmonitoring patterns.  so,  how  is  the  internet  of  things  actually  used  in  agriculture?  unfortunately,  we  dont  have  a  onesizefitsall  answer  to  that  question  yet.  farmers  implement  a  range  of  applications  to  test  out  uses  and  boost  industry  convenience.  aiding  pest  management,  monitoring  animals,  reducing  water  usage  and  other  use  cases  are  already  common  across  the  globe.  thanks  to  iot  technology  and  smart  farming,  businesses  can  increase  yield  and  save  money,  all  without  lifting  a  finger.  its  highly  likely  the  internet  of  things  will  pave  the  way  for  future  advancements  in  agriculture.  the  technology  has  given  farmers  visibility  they  didnt  possess  before.
__label__environmentmonitoring with  new  sensors,  cameras  and  other  devices,  professionals  can  gain  a  holistic  view  of  their  farm  and  pinpoint  actionable  insights.  they  can  instantly  adapt  to  changes  and  adjust  operations  to  achieve  favorable  results.  for  farmers,  its  not  merely  about  the  bottom  line;  they  also  have  a  goal  to  nourish  consumers  fresh,  hearty  produce.  working  in  agriculture  isnt  easy  by  any  means.  however,  innovations  in  smart  farming  could  make  the  process  easier  by  facilitating  access  to  valuable  information  and  ensuring  smooth  integration  with  the  internet  of  things.  until  then,  there  are  platforms  which  already  offer  the  first  taste  of  what  smart
__label__environmentmonitoring farming  could  look  like...  meet  ,  the  platform  that  lets  farmers  connect  and  aggregate  all  their  devices  data  into  one  easytouse  dashboard.  thanks  to  our  tools,  growers  can  remotely  monitor  and  manage  crops  and  ecosystems.  weve  partnered  up  with  many  companies  in  the  smart  farming  industry,  and  we  cannot  wait  to  show  you  more  about  the  future  of  agriculture.  check  out  how  we  plan  to  help  farmers  achieve  success  with  get  the  latest  posts  delivered  right  to  your  inbox.  get  the  latest  posts  delivered  right  to  your  inbox.  company  resources  2019  ubidots.  all  rights  reserved
__label__environmentmonitoring learn  how  internet  of  things  iot  solutions  are  marking  its  presence  in  the  smart  farming  sector  till  now  the  industrial  internet  of  things  iot  has  disrupted  many  industries  and  the  agriculture  industry  isnt  an  exception.  till  the  end  of  2018,  the  connected  agriculture  market  stood  at  usd  1.8  billion  globally  and  the  change  hasnt  stopped  yet.  it  is  expected  to  grow  to  usd  4.3  billion  by  2023  at  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  cagr  of  19.3.  the  iot  technology  has  realized  the  smart  wearables,  connected  devices,  automated  machines,  and  driverless  cars.  however,  in  agriculture,  the  iot  has  brought  the  greatest
__label__environmentmonitoring impact.  recent  statistics  reveal  that  the  global  population  is  about  to  reach  9.6  billion  by  2050.  and  to  feed  this  massive  population,  the  agriculture  industry  is  bounded  to  adopt  the  internet  of  things.  amongst  the  challenges  like  extreme  weather  conditions,  climatic  changes,  environmental  impact,  iot  is  eradicating  these  challenges  and  helping  us  to  meet  the  demand  for  more  food.  throughout  the  world,  mechanical  innovations  such  as  tractors  and  harvesters  took  place  and  brought  into  the  agriculture  operations  in  the  late  20th  century.  and  the  agriculture  industry  relies  heavily  on  innovative  ideas  because  of  the  steadily  growing  demand  for  food.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring industrial  iot  has  been  a  driving  force  behind  increased  agricultural  production  at  a  lower  cost.  in  the  next  several  years,  the  use  of  smart  solutions  powered  by  iot  will  increase  in  the  agriculture  operations.  in  fact,  few  of  the  recent  report  tells  that  the  iot  device  installation  will  see  a  compound  annual  growth  rate  of  20  in  the  agriculture  industry.  and  the  no.  of  connected  devices  agricultural  will  grow  from  13  million  in  2014  to  225  million  by  2024.  due  to  lack  of  constant  and  reliable  communication  network  infrastructure,  an  iot  solutions  provider  as  well  as  the  business  owners  had
__label__environmentmonitoring faced  implementation  challenges  in  remote  or  less  developed  regions.  but,  many  network  providers  are  making  it  possible  by  introducing  satellite  connectivity  and  expending  cellular  networks.  its  been  long  since  sensors  were  introduced  in  the  agriculture  operations.  but  the  problem  with  the  traditional  approach  of  utilizing  sensor  technology  was  that  we  were  not  able  to  get  the  live  data  from  the  sensors.  the  sensors  used  to  log  the  data  into  their  attached  memory  and  later  on  we  were  able  to  use  it.  with  the  introduction  of  industrial  iot  in  agriculture  ,  far  more  advanced  sensors  are  being  utilized.  the  sensors  are
__label__environmentmonitoring now  connected  to  the  cloud  via  cellular/satellite  network.  which  lets  us  to  know  the  realtime  data  from  the  sensors,  making  decision  making  effective.  the  applications  of  iot  in  the  agriculture  industry  has  helped  the  farmers  to  in  realtime  which  makes  the  irrigation  process  more  efficient.  the  advancement  of  iot  technology  in  agriculture  operations  has  brought  the  use  of  sensors  in  every  step  of  the  farming  process  like  how  much  time  and  resources  a  seed  takes  to  become  a  fullygrown  vegetable.  internet  of  things  in  agriculture  has  come  up  as  a  second  wave  of  green  revolution.  the  benefits  that  the  farmers
__label__environmentmonitoring are  getting  by  adapting  iot  are  twofold.  it  has  helped  farmers  to  decrease  their  costs  and  increase  yields  at  the  same  time  by  improving  farmers  decision  making  with  accurate  data.  smart  farming  is  a  hitech  and  effective  system  of  doing  agriculture  and  growing  food  in  a  sustainable  way.  it  is  an  application  of  implementing  connected  devices  and  innovative  technologies  together  into  agriculture.  smart  farming  majorly  depends  on  iot  thus  eliminating  the  need  of  physical  work  of  farmers  and  growers  and  thus  increasing  the  productivity  in  every  possible  manner.  with  the  recent  agriculture  trends  dependent  on  agriculture,  internet  of  things  has
__label__environmentmonitoring brought  huge  benefits  like  efficient  use  of  water,  optimization  of  inputs  and  many  more.  what  made  difference  were  the  huge  benefits  and  which  has  become  a  revolutionized  agriculture  in  the  recent  days.  iot  based  smart  farming  improves  the  entire  agriculture  system  by  monitoring  the  field  in  realtime.  with  the  help  of  sensors  and  interconnectivity,  the  internet  of  things  in  agriculture  has  not  only  saved  the  time  of  the  farmers  but  has  also  reduced  the  extravagant  use  of  resources  such  as  water  and  electricity.  it  keeps  various  factors  like  humidity,  temperature,  soil  etc.  under  check  and  gives  a  crystal  clear  realtime
__label__environmentmonitoring observation.  climate  plays  a  very  critical  role  for  farming.  and  having  improper  knowledge  about  climate  heavily  deteriorates  the  quantity  and  quality  of  the  crop  production.  but  iot  solutions  enable  you  to  know  the  realtime  weather  conditions.  sensors  are  placed  inside  and  outside  of  the  agriculture  fields.  they  collect  data  from  the  environment  which  is  used  to  choose  the  right  crops  which  can  grow  and  sustain  in  the  particular  climatic  conditions.  the  whole  iot  ecosystem  is  made  up  of  sensors  that  can  detect  realtime  weather  conditions  like  humidity,  rainfall,  temperature  and  more  very  accurately.  there  are  numerous  no.  of  sensors  available
__label__environmentmonitoring to  detect  all  these  parameters  and  configure  accordingly  to  suit  your  smart  farming  requirements.  these  sensors  monitor  the  condition  of  the  crops  and  the  weather  surrounding  them.  if  any  disturbing  weather  conditions  are  found,  then  an  alert  is  send.  what  gets  eliminated  is  the  need  of  the  physical  presence  during  disturbing  climatic  conditions  which  eventually  increases  the  productivity  and  help  farmers  to  reap  more  agriculture  benefits.  precision  agriculture/precision  farming  is  one  of  the  most  famous  applications  of  iot  in  agriculture.  it  makes  the  farming  practice  more  precise  and  controlled  by  realizing  smart  farming  applications  such  as  livestock  monitoring,  ,  field
__label__environmentmonitoring observation,  and  inventory  monitoring.  the  goal  of  precision  farming  is  to  analyze  the  data,  generated  via  sensors,  to  react  accordingly.  precision  farming  helps  farmers  to  generate  data  with  the  help  of  sensors  and  analyze  that  information  to  take  intelligent  and  quick  decisions.  there  are  numerous  precision  farming  techniques  like  irrigation  management,  livestock  management,  vehicle  tracking  and  many  more  which  play  a  vital  role  in  increasing  the  efficiency  and  effectiveness.  with  the  help  of  precision  farming,  you  can  analyze  soil  conditions  and  other  related  parameters  to  increase  the  operational  efficiency.  not  only  this  you  can  also  detect  the  realtime  working  conditions
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  connected  devices  to  detect  water  and  nutrient  level.  to  make  our  greenhouses  smart,  iot  has  enabled  weather  stations  to  automatically  adjust  the  climate  conditions  according  to  a  particular  set  of  instructions.  adoption  of  iot  in  greenhouses  has  eliminated  the  human  intervention,  thus  making  entire  process  costeffective  and  increasing  accuracy  at  the  same  time.  for  example,  using  solarpowered  iot  sensors  builds  modern  and  inexpensive  greenhouses.  these  sensors  collect  and  transmit  the  realtime  data  which  helps  in  monitoring  the  greenhouse  state  very  precisely  in  realtime.  with  the  help  of  the  sensors,  the  water  consumption  and  greenhouse  state  can  be  monitored
__label__environmentmonitoring via  emails  or  sms  alerts.  automatic  and  smart  irrigation  is  carried  out  with  the  help  of  iot.  these  sensors  help  to  provide  information  on  the  pressure,  humidity,  temperature  and  light  levels.  the  conventional  database  system  does  not  have  enough  storage  for  the  data  collected  from  the  iot  sensors.  cloud  based  data  storage  and  an  endtoend  iot  platform  plays  an  important  role  in  the  smart  agriculture  system.  these  systems  are  estimated  to  play  an  important  role  such  that  better  activities  can  be  performed.  in  the  iot  world,  sensors  are  the  primary  source  of  collecting  data  on  a  large  scale.  the  data
__label__environmentmonitoring is  analyzed  and  transformed  to  meaningful  information  using  analytics  tools.  the  data  analytics  helps  in  the  analysis  of  weather  conditions,  livestock  conditions,  and  crop  conditions.  the  data  collected  leverages  the  technological  innovations  and  thus  making  better  decisions.  with  the  help  of  the  iot  devices,  you  can  know  the  realtime  status  of  the  crops  by  capturing  the  data  from  sensors.  using  predictive  analytics,  you  can  get  an  insight  to  make  better  decisions  related  to  harvesting.  the  trend  analysis  helps  the  farmers  to  know  upcoming  weather  conditions  and  harvesting  of  crops.  iot  in  the  agriculture  industry  has  helped  the  farmers  to  maintain
__label__environmentmonitoring the  quality  of  crops  and  fertility  of  the  land,  thus  enhancing  the  product  volume  and  quality.  technological  advancements  has  almost  revolutionized  the  agricultural  operations  and  the  introduction  of  agricultural  drones  is  the  trending  disruption.  the  ground  and  aerial  drones  are  used  for  assessment  of  crop  health,  crop  monitoring,  planting,  crop  spraying,  and  field  analysis.  with  proper  strategy  and  planning  based  on  realtime  data,  drone  technology  has  given  a  high  rise  and  makeover  to  the  agriculture  industry.  drones  with  thermal  or  multispectral  sensors  identify  the  areas  that  require  changes  in  irrigation.  once  the  crops  start  growing,  sensors  indicate  their  health  and
__label__environmentmonitoring calculate  their  vegetation  index.  eventually  smart  drones  have  reduced  the  environmental  impact.  the  results  have  been  such  that  there  has  been  a  massive  reduction  and  much  lower  chemical  reaching  the  groundwater.  iot  enabled  agriculture  has  helped  implement  modern  technological  solutions  to  time  tested  knowledge.  this  has  helped  bridge  the  gap  between  production  and  quality  and  quantity  yield.  data  ingested  by  obtaining  and  importing  information  from  the  multiple  sensors  for  real  time  use  or  storage  in  a  database  ensures  swift  action  and  less  damage  to  the  crops.  with  seamless  end  to  end  intelligent  operations  and  improved  business  process  execution,  produce  gets
__label__environmentmonitoring processed  faster  and  reaches  supermarkets  in  fastest  time  possible.  price:  70  intellia  int  g01  soil  moisture  sensor  transmitter  is  a  high  precision,  high  sensitivity  soil  moisture  measuring  instrument.  this  product  is  a  metal  shell,  high  compressive  strength,  good  sealing  performance;  the  use  of  electromagnetic  pulse  principle  to  measure  the  apparent  dielectric  constant  of  the  soil.  model  no  monitoring  principle  structure  output  signal  powersupply  response  time  price:  280  the  transmitter  is  widely  used  in  soil  ph  detection,  sewage  treatment  and  other  occasions  requiring  ph  monitoring.  the  three  parts  of  input  power,  induction  probe  and  signal  output  are  completely  isolated.  its  safe
__label__environmentmonitoring and  reliable  and  with  beautiful  appearance,  easy  to  be  installed.  model  no  power  consumption  measuring  accuracy  measuring  range  operating  temperature  output  signal  want  to  know  how  iiot  can  help  you  to  make  your  business  successful?  curious  about  the  implementation  process  of  intellia  iot  business  solution  and  its  pricing?  ,  ,  follow,  like,  tweet  or  post.  we  would  love  to  interact  with  you  were  happy  to  share  our  rating  2019.  all  rights  reserved  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__environmentmonitoring products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  previous  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  shape  tomorrows  agriculture  with  iot  and  ai  the  word  agriculture  used  to  conjure  up  an  image  of  laborintensive,  timeconsuming,  slowgrowth,  and  hardfarm  living
__label__environmentmonitoring field.  nevertheless,  with  the  advancement  in  agricultural  technologies  and  techniques,  particularly  in  the  last  50  years,  agriculture  has  become  a  thriving  field.  we  produce  more  food  now  than  ever  before.  however,  the  current  model  is  not  sustainable,  as  the  worlds  population  speedily  approaches  the  8  billion  mark.  in  fact,  the  united  nations  estimates  that  the  world  population  will  reach  8.6  billion  by  2030  and  9.8  billion  by  2050.  its  clear  that  the  present  food  production  methods  need  a  radical  transformation  to  sustain  itself.  luckily,  we  now  have  a  range  of  datadriven  technologies  internet  of  things,  artificial  intelligence,  machine  learning  and
__label__environmentmonitoring big  data  that  may  fuel  another  agricultural  revolution  which  farmers  need.  farmers  and  growers  look  for  ways  to  efficiently  utilize  resources  like  fertilizers,  chemicals,  water,  improve  the  quality  of  produce,  increase  yields,  reduce  environmental  footprint  and  mitigate  agricultural  risks.  it  would  not  be  overwhelming  to  say,  with  iot  and  ai,  farming  is  shifting  from  skillsbased,  intuitionbased  to  a  more  industrialized  model  of  agriculture.  in  such  a  model,  decisions  are  taken  based  on  objective  data,  which  are  insightful,  illuminating,  less  biased  and  more  accurate  for  farmers.  in  a  sentence,  the  use  of  iot  and  ai  technologies  help  to  gather,  understand,  process,
__label__environmentmonitoring learn,  reason,  interact,  thus  boosting  efficiency,  regardless  of  the  industry.  the  combination  of  iot  and  ai  provides  databased  insights  to  optimize  crop  yield  while  minimizing  environmental  effects.  here  are  a  few  of  the  outputs  that  an  aipowered,  gives:  the  images  of  weed  occurrences  from  camera  sensors  are  overlapped  with  yield  maps,  fertilizer  maps  and  spray  maps  in  realtime  to  determine  where  to  spray.  it  helps  farmers  not  only  to  cut  down  the  amount  of  herbicides  they  spray  but  also  helps  them  to  restore  their  desired  crops.  realtime  data  taken  from  an  aipowered,  iotenabled  smart  agriculture  solution  optimizes  crop  yields  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  following  way:  upon  uploading  the  images  of  soil,  the  deeplearning  powered  image  recognition  app  identifies  potential  defects  and  nutrient  deficiencies  in  the  soil.  the  app  also  provides  recommendations  to  users  about  soil  restoration  techniques  and  tips  for  land  preparation.  it  also  suggests  soiltest  based  optimum  fertilizer  doses  to  attain  yield  targets.  if  your  goal  is  to  levelup  the  efficiency,  sustainability,  and  costeffectiveness  of  your  agricultural  production,  the  smart  agriculture  solution  is  the  way  for  you.  7950  legacy  drive,  st  250,  2531  technology  drive,  st  312,  5  6,  garden  view  corporate  house,  8663457638  2019  softweb  solutions  inc.  an  avnet  company
__label__environmentmonitoring is  a  topic  that  covers  the  many  applications  of  internet  of  things  iot  technology  in  farming,  agrotech  and  agriculture.  the  use  of  sensors,  data  collection,  wireless  networks,  cloud  platforms  and  data  analysis  is  already  revolutionising  the  farming  and  agricultural  sectors.  the  primary  benefits  include:  these  items  will  either  increase  revenues  or  reduce  costs  maximising  your  profits.  there  is  real  momentum  behind  iot  technology  in  agriculture  and  farming  with  many  analysts  predicting  both  the  market  and  the  adoption  of  smart  agriculture  technology  to  skyrocket  as  more  firms  recognise  the  benefits.  we  have  set  out  several  uses  cases  for  the  technology;  covering
__label__environmentmonitoring the  what,  why  and  how.  traditional  farming  would  be  focused  on  acres  of  land,  making  general  decisions  based  on  historical  data,  experience  and  feel.  these  decisions  could  determine  the  use  of  fertiliser,  irrigation,  pesticides  and  harvesting.  with  the  advent  of  iot;  smart  agriculture  and  precision  farming  utilise  sensors,  gps,  mapping  and  data  analytics  to  provide  accurate,  realtime  insights  that  you  can  use  to  tailor  your  activity  and  investment  for  maximum  return.  systems  can  recommend  calibrated  doses  of  fertiliser,  targeted  irrigation  and  early  identification  of  diseases  or  substandard  conditions.  intelligent  software  can  make  recommendations,  trigger  alarms  and  allow  you  to  visualise
__label__environmentmonitoring the  data.  you  can  access  the  reports  and  insights  using  a  web  browser,  mobile  or  tablet  device.  and  enhances  the  visibility,  control  and  insight  that  you  have  concerning  your  farm.  these  factors  translate  into  better  time  management,  improved  decision  making  and  the  more  practical  application  of  resources  i.e.  fertiliser,  irrigation  producing  healthier  crops,  higher  yields  and  allows  you  to  conserve  resources.  all  of  these  factors  translate  to  less  work,  higher  revenues  and  reduced  cost.  sensors  are  installed  in  the  fields  to  monitor  the  temperature,  ph  and  moisture  levels  of  the  soil,  precipitation,  leaf  water  potential,  fertiliser  presence  and  soil  morphology.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  data  is  transmitted  back  to  the  cloud  for  further  analysis.  the  plugsense  smart  agriculture  unit  can  monitor  all  of  these  parameters.  the  unit  is  mounted  and  the  probes  installed  into  the  earth  or  adjacent  to  the  plants  and  the  software  continually  monitors  different  parameters.  the  system  would  take  measurements  before  transmitting  the  data  to  the  cloud  so  that  you  can  control  remotely.  these  are  just  two  examples  of  what  is  possible.  specific  applications  and  opportunities  will  vary  by  crop.  if  you  would  like  to  learn  more  about  iot  agriculture  applications,  precision  farming  or  smart  agriculture  get  in  touch  and
__label__environmentmonitoring speak  to  our  iot  solutions  team.  the  range  of  can  enhance  your  decision  making  and  benefit  your  business.  at  mtg  we  understand  business;  we  recognise  technology  must  help  you  make  money,  save  money  or  improve  your  quality  of  life.  iot  can  help  achieve  that.  email  salesmtg.im,  call  or  .  2018  manx  technology  group  registered  in  the  isle  of  man  124310c  vat  number  gb004925592  minerva  house,  ballafletcher,  douglas,  isle  of  man,  im4  4qj  we  are  using  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  experience  on  our  website.  by  continuing  you  are  agreeing  to  their  use.  this  website  uses  cookies  so  that  we
__label__environmentmonitoring can  provide  you  with  the  best  user  experience  possible.  cookie  information  is  stored  in  your  browser  and  performs  functions  such  as  recognising  you  when  you  return  to  our  website  and  helping  our  team  to  understand  which  sections  of  the  website  you  find  most  interesting  and  useful.  more  information  please  see  here  this  website  uses  google  analytics  and  similar  services  to  collect  anonymous  information  such  as  the  number  of  visitors  to  the  site  and  the  most  popular  pages.  keeping  this  cookie  enabled  helps  us  to  improve  our  website  and  services.  please  enable  strictly  necessary  cookies  first  so  that  we  can  save
__label__environmentmonitoring menu  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  expandmore  farming  in  india  is  done  using  the  mundane  ways.  the  fact  that  most  of  our  farmers  lack  proper  knowledge  makes  it  even  more  erratic.  a  large  portion  of  farming  and  agricultural  activities  are  based  on  the  predictions,  which  at  times  fail.  farmers  have  to  bear  huge  losses  and  at  times  they  end  up  committing  suicide.  since  we  know  the  benefits  of  proper  soil  moisture  and  its  quality,  air  quality  and  irrigation,  in  the  growth  of  crops,  such  parameters  cannot  be  ignored.  we,  therefore,  have  come  up  with  a  new  idea  of
__label__environmentmonitoring crop  monitoring  and  smart  farming  using  iot.  we  believe  that  our  concept  will  be  a  benchmark  in  the  agribusiness  due  to  its  reliability  and  remote  monitoring.  our  idea  tries  to  digitalize  farming  and  agricultural  activities  so  that  the  farmers  can  check  on  the  requirements  of  the  crops  and  accurately  predict  their  growth.  this  concept  will  surely  accelerate  their  business  to  reach  new  heights  and  also  be  more  profitable.  the  implementation  of  our  project  largely  depends  upon  the  awareness  among  farmers,  which,  we  believe  will  be  easily  created  due  to  its  numerous  advantages.  the  aim  of  this  project  is  to  introduce
__label__environmentmonitoring the  latest  technology  into  the  agriculture  business  and  better  crop  production  by  collecting  realtime  status  of  crop  and  informing  the  farmers  about  it.  the  features  are:  1  sms  notifications  2  valuable  information  collection.  3  detailed  data  analysis  4  cost  effective  5  easy  to  implement  software  used  for  the  project  is  arduino  1.8.2  and  the  hardware  required  for  the  project  is  listed  below:  https://github.com/akshat0395/iotbasedsmartfarming/blob/master/code.c  we  have  gone  through  17  research  papers  that  were  accessed  from  ieee  xplore  and  science  direct.  the  reviewed  papers  have  helped  us  a  lot  in  understanding  certain  parameters  related  to  agricultural  activities.  these  papers  have  surely  broadened
__label__environmentmonitoring our  knowledge  of  agriculture.  the  various  techniques  and  procedures  used  for  the  crop  growth  and  the  reliability  of  predictions  were  clearly  understood.  we  came  across  a  lot  of  relations  between  crop  growth,  soil  moisture,  soil  quality  and  nearby  environment.  we  have  incorporated  them  into  our  system.  since  practical  values  differ,  we  believe  that  with  time  our  system  will  become  more  intelligent  and  provide  with  accurate  results  needed  for  the  ideal  crop  growth.  our  idea  not  only  tries  to  mitigate  the  primitive  techniques  related  to  agriculture  but  also  serve  the  community  by  opening  new  avenues  for  employment.  the  applications  are  extensive
__label__environmentmonitoring with  easy  implementation.  the  foremost  function  of  our  project  is  to  monitor  the  crop  growth  using  digital  means.  this  will  provide  the  accurate  values  of  various  parameters  upon  which  the  growth  depends.  besides  this,  it  will  help  the  farmer  to  monitor  more  than  one  agricultural  land  at  the  same  time.  since  most  of  the  monitoring  is  done  remotely,  it  will  help  the  farmer  to  gain  information  which  is  crucial  for  the  business  during  his/her  spare  time.  we  plan  to  make  it  userfriendly  by  involving  a  simple  gui  along  with  mobile  messaging.  since  monitoring  through  our  system  requires  less  manpower,  people
__label__environmentmonitoring with  physical  disabilities  can  be  employed  for  the  monitoring  of  fields.  overall,  our  project  idea  is  feasible,  which  can  easily  be  implemented  and  has  a  wide  scope  in  terms  of  its  application.  names:  akshat  mathur,  sankalp  jain  email:  akshatatstpsgmail.com,  sankalpjain606gmail.com  contact  no:  919414504823,  919805050962  details:  computer  science  students  at  the  jaypee  university  of  information  technology,  waknaghat173234,  distt.  solanh.p.  arrowdropup  article  tags  :  thumbup  1  firstpage  lastpage  writing  code  in  comment?  please  use  ,  generate  link  and  share  the  link  here.  company  learn  practice  contribute
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  ,  and  the  iot  internet  of  things  has  transformed  our  lives  in  many  ways.  the  concept  has  enhanced  our  comforts  through  automation.  though  various  industry  sectors  have  started  leveraging  the  benefits  of  iot,  the  agriculture  sector  is  yet  to  avail  its  full  potential.  many  scopes  for  utilizing  iot  remain  unexplored  in  this  sector,  and  smart  farming  is  in  the  nascent  stage.  rapid  growth  in  population,  rising  resource  constraints,  and  rapid  changes  in  climate  are  a  few  stumbling  blocks  to  farmers.  as  per  the  estimate  of  the  ,  global  food  production  needs  to  be  risen  by  70  percent  to  feed
__label__environmentmonitoring additional  2.3  billion  people  by  2050.  efficient  management,  optimized  use  of  seeds  and  fertilizers  along  with  precise  and  continuous  monitoring  can  make  this  task  achievable.  today,  farmers  in  developing  regions  with  a  smallscale  land  account  for  almost  4/5  of  total  agricultural  production.  if  they  get  the  right  and  realtime  information,  they  can  increase  the  production  through  taking  informed  farming  decisions.  there,  agriculture  2.0  becomes  a  necessity.  enter  iot.  the  internetenabled  objects  and  sensors  can  be  deployed  anywhere  to  gather  data  on  moisture  level  and  crop  health.  the  farmers  can  readily  access  the  stored  data  through  their  tablets  and  mobile  phones.
__label__environmentmonitoring they  can  also  select  between  manual  and  automated  options  for  taking  necessary  actions  based  on  this  data.  for  example,  if  the  soil  moisture  level  decreases,  the  farmer  can  deploy  sensors  to  start  the  irrigation.  now,  this  is  what  we  call  a  smart  farming.  smart  farming  solutions  work  through  sensors.  farmers  can  monitor  various  conditions  like  soil  moisture,  water  level,  light,  humidity,  obstacles,  and  motion  from  anywhere  by  combining  sensors,  motion  detectors,  button  camera,  and  wearable  devices.  the  iotbased  smart  farming  automates  the  irrigation  system  and  is  highly  efficient  as  compared  to  the  conventional  operations.  it  is  easy  to  follow  the
__label__environmentmonitoring trends  in  organic  farming,  family  farming,  etc.  with  the  help  of  iotbased  farming  applications.  major  iot  applications  for  farming  are  farm  vehicle  tracking,  livestock  monitoring,  water  level  monitoring,  storage  and  soil  monitoring,  etc.  lets  elaborate  a  few  of  the  applications  that  can  revolutionize  the  agriculture  sector:  it  is  difficult  to  obtain  the  data  of  the  farmlands  with  the  size  of  hundreds  of  thousands  of  square  yards.  the  conventional  method  is  to  take  samples  from  different  parts  to  check  the  fertility,  moisture  content,  and  chemical  composition.  but,  the  sampling  method  is  not  much  accurate  because  the  level  and  chemical  composition  tend
__label__environmentmonitoring to  change  from  one  to  another  location.  with  iot,  there  is  no  room  for  the  guesswork  in  farming.  the  soil  sensors,  which  are  at  uniform  distances  across  the  farmland,  can  alert  farmer  to  any  irregular  conditions  like  high  acidity  or  low  moisture.  the  farmers  can  get  an  accurate  soil  data  either  by  the  dashboard  or  a  customized  mobile  application.  monitoring  of  plant  and  soil  can  lead  to  higher  roi  for  farmers.  as  a  part  of  precision  farming,  the  soil  and  plant  monitoring  include  the  following  aspects:  in  brief,  precision  farming  or  precision  agriculture  is  one  of  the  most  popular  applications
__label__environmentmonitoring of  iot  because  of  its  plethora  of  benefits.  the  precision  farming  apps  serve  many  objectives  ranging  from  managing  irrigation  and  fertilization  to  providing  support  to  local  agronomy  as  per  different  seasons.  farming  or  agricultural  drones  have  started  gaining  ground  as  they  can  perform  a  variety  of  tasks.  be  it  sprinkling  pesticides,  capturing  farm  photos  using  gps  technology,  or  giving  inputs  about  water  and  fertilizers  level;  drones  can  do  them  with  ease.  drones  can  improve  the  agricultural  practices  in  the  domains  of  crop  health  assessment,  irrigation,  soil,  and  field  analysis.  as  per  the  estimate  of  ,  the  market  size  for  these
__label__environmentmonitoring agricultural  drones  to  exceed  usd  3770  million  by  2024.  these  drones  are  easy  to  control.  any  person  can  control  them  either  manually  or  by  using  onground  iot  sensors.  the  drones  sent  collected  data  to  servers  or  systems  from  where  the  end  user  can  get  them.  in  brief,  the  drone  technology  offers  the  realtime  data  and  revamps  the  agriculture  industry.  apart  from  drones,  selfdriving  tractors  are  also  available  that  farmers  can  control  remotely  and  save  the  labor  costs.  ranchers  can  monitor  their  cattle  with  ease  thanks  to  livestock  sensors.  these  sensors  notify  ranchers  when  animals  roam  around  in  the  field  so
__label__environmentmonitoring that  the  ranchers  can  trace  their  location  with  ease.  the  livestock  monitoring  also  enables  ranchers  to  get  data  regarding  the  health  of  their  cattle.  it  can  assist  ranchers  in  two  ways:  however,  it  is  difficult  to  insert  sensors  among  livestock.  apart  from  a  collar,  a  wireless  retrofitted  bolus  is  useful.  it  can  communicate  via  bluetooth.  one  of  the  most  challenging  factors  for  the  farmers  is  the  weather.  farmers  need  to  measure  the  key  conditions  like  temperature,  rainfall,  humidity,  moisture,  and  chemical  composition  accurately  to  get  more  crop  throughout  the  year.  today,  umpteen  number  of  customizable  sensors  are  available  to  assist
__label__environmentmonitoring farmers  in  monitoring  their  crops  and  the  weather  conditions  from  remote  places.  these  sensors  eliminate  the  requirement  for  farmers  to  present  physically  at  the  farm.  in  a  way,  sensors  can  multiply  the  productivity  and  farmers  can  get  more  agricultural  output  without  putting  additional  efforts.  there  are  many  use  cases  for  agricultural  use  of  iot  depending  on  the  farmers  requirements.  engineers  need  to  keep  specific  issues  related  to  farming  and  livestock  in  mind  while  developing  the  smart  farming  solutions.  here  is  a  brief  account  of  five  such  aspects:  what  the  end  user  wants  to  monitor  should  be  at  the  center  when
__label__environmentmonitoring the  iot  app  developers  build  an  app.  for  example,  if  the  end  user  is  a  corn  farmer,  he  is  concerned  with  water  usage  mainly.  he  wants  to  make  sure  that  water  is  not  wasted  while  the  crop  gets  enough  water.  there,  water  level  and  moisture  monitoring  sensors  are  helpful.  in  other  words,  type  of  sensors  depends  on  the  purpose  of  iot  solution.  when  it  comes  to  farming  solutions,  distance  plays  a  vital  role  in  selecting  the  technology.  this  is  because  the  sensors  gather  data  and  send  the  same  to  the  server.  we  cannot  use  the  same  technology  for  measuring  something
__label__environmentmonitoring in  10  meters  and  1500  meters  area.  for  example,  nfc  near  field  communication  or  rfid  radio  frequency  identification  works  best  if  we  want  to  find  how  many  pounds  of  soybeans  are  there  in  each  feedbag.  but,  if  we  want  to  send  data  over  hundreds  of  thousands  of  meters,  lpwan  low  power,  wide  area  network  is  a  good  option.  engineers  tend  to  save  costs  and  power  in  the  customized  iotbased  farming  solutions.  therefore,  they  often  make  applications  that  send  data  less  frequently.  as  most  of  iot  solutions  are  spread  across  a  wide  farm,  it  is  better  to  come  up  with  a
__label__environmentmonitoring low  power  application.  more  data  transmission  will  translate  into  more  data  costs  and  power  consumption.  this  is  important  factor  developers  need  to  consider  for  developing  costeffective  iot  solutions  for  farmers.  the  end  users  requirements  are  also  critical  to  deciding  the  number  of  integrated  data  packets  in  a  sensor.  for  example,  a  potato  fields  farmer  does  not  require  moisturerelated  information  every  two  seconds.  but,  if  a  developer  makes  an  iot  application  for  an  automatic  tractor,  it  requires  gps  and  other  information  on  a  continual  and  realtime  basis.in  this  case,  the  data  frequency  is  very  high.  both  the  examples  clearly  point  out
__label__environmentmonitoring the  difference  between  high  and  low  data  frequency.  another  challenge  for  the  engineers  is  to  place  the  sensors  in  a  way  that  they  can  give  an  optimal  performance.  for  example,  they  need  to  take  more  care  while  mounting  antennae  in  an  orange  orchard  than  a  strawberry  field.  even  if  the  farming  solution  has  all  necessary  sensors,  the  proper  placement  is  necessary  to  get  all  the  benefits.  as  per  ,  the  number  of  connected  devices  in  the  agriculture  sector  is  expected  to  reach  225  million  by  2024.  globally,  the  farmers  have  started  to  realize  that  the  iot  is  can  be  a
__label__environmentmonitoring driving  force  for  increasing  agricultural  production  in  a  costeffective  way.  all  the  developing  countries,  where  farming  is  done  in  a  dispersed  and  unorganized  way,  iot  can  offer  a  great  help.  however,  it  is  fair  to  mention  that  engineers  should  understand  the  needs  of  the  end  user  before  developing  the  smart  farming  solutions.  mitesh  patel  is  a  business  growth  strategist  at  addweb  solution,  mobile,  cloud  and  .  he  has  experience  in  developing  and  executing  digital  strategies  for  large  national  and  global  brands  in  a  variety  of  business  verticals,  including  retail,  education,  healthcare.
__label__environmentmonitoring contents  this  tutorial  describes  how  to  build  an  that  monitors  the  soil  moisture  using  arduino.  moreover,  this  arduino  iot  monitoring  system  implements  a  notification  system  so  that  when  the  soil  gets  too  dry  it  sends  a  notification.  as  you  know  already,  iot  is  one  of  the  most  important  topics  nowadays,  that  promises  to  shape  our  future  and  the  way  we  live.  one  interesting  aspect  about  iot  is  the  fact  we  can  experiment  with  an  iot  system  building  it  by  ourselves.  there  are  several  prototyping  boards  available  in  the  market  and  we  can  build  amazing  iot  projects  without  spending  too  much.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  idea  that  stands  behind  this  project  is  building  an  iot  system  that  monitors  the  soil  moisture  detecting  when  it  gets  too  dry.  the  arduino  mkr1000  controls  the  sensor  sending  the  data  to  the  carriots  iot  platform  now  altair  smartcore.  this  platform,  in  turn,  stores  the  data  coming  from  the  sensor  and  detects  when  the  values  stored  are  under  a  threshold  level.  we  will  see  later  how  to  analyze  the  data.  by  now,  we  can  assume  that  the  carriots  iot  platform  is  able  somehow  to  invoke  an  ifft  service  that  will  send  a  short  message  to  the  user  alerting  him.
__label__environmentmonitoring building  this  iot  system  we  can  explore  how  to  use  several  components  of  the  iot  ecosystem.  moreover,  this  project  displays  the  humidity  soil  status  using  a  leds  matrix.  lets  see  how  to  build  it.  in  this  first  step,  we  have  to  read  the  sensor  data.  this  iot  project  uses  yl38  yl69  sensor.  this  is  an  analog  sensor  that  can  be  inserted  into  the  soil  we  want  to  monitor.  the  picture  below  shows  how  to  connect  the  sensor  to  arduino:  the  code  is  very  simple,  we  read  data  from  the  a1  pin  and  then  we  calculate  the  humidity:  this  is  very
__label__environmentmonitoring simple,  not  much  to  explain  about  it.  the  value  stored  in  is  the  one  we  will  send  to  iot  cloud  platform.  moreover,  to  do  it,  arduino  mkr1000  has  to  connect  to  the  internet  so  that  it  can  send  data.  the  code  below  describes  how  to  connect  arduino  to  the  wifi:  where  the  is:  in  this  code,  you  have  to  provide  the  and  the  wifi  password.  thats  all.  we  can  manage  in  this  sketch  the  leds  matrix  showing  the  humidity  level  as  described  in  the  code  attached  to  this  article.  now  we  can  focus  our  attention  on  the  iot  cloud  platform.
__label__environmentmonitoring before  sending  data  to  the  cloud,  we  have  to  configure  our  iot  platform  in  order  to  manage  the  data.  carriots  uses  a  hierarchical  structure  to  group  and  manage  devices.  therefore,  we  have  to  create  this  structure  before  using  our  device.  at  the  top  of  this  structure,  there  is  the  project  .  once  you  are  logged  in,  you  have  to  click  on  hierarchy  and  then  project  filling  the  data  required:  the  next  step  is  creating  the  service  filling  the  data  required:  finally,  you  have  to  create  the  group:  the  steps  are  very  fast  and  you  do  it  only  once.  the  last
__label__environmentmonitoring step  is  configuring  our  device.  it  represents  the  physical  device  we  are  using  to  send  data.  this  device  belongs  to  the  group  created  in  the  last  step,  that  in  turn  belongs  to  the  service.  the  service  belongs  to  the  project.  the  configuration  step  is  very  easy  as  shown  in  the  picture  below:  thats  all.  the  configuration  steps  are  completed.  we  have  to  connect  the  arduino  device  to  carriots  and  start  sending  data.  in  this  step,  it  is  important  the  developer  id  shown  in  the  picture  above,  it  represents  the  unique  device  identifier  we  will  use  to  bind  the  data  coming
__label__environmentmonitoring from  our  arduino  device  to  the  carriots  device.  another  important  parameter  is  your  api  key  .  you  can  find  it  in  settings  api  key  menu.  in  order  to  send  data,  add  this  function  to  the  sketch  shown  above:  notice  that  the  function  sends  a  json  payload  containing  the  data  read  from  the  sensor.  this  function  must  be  invoked  in  the  method.  running  the  sketch,  we  can  notice  that  the  device  sends  data  to  the  carriots  as  shown  below:  the  next  step  is  monitoring  the  data.  usually,  in  an  iot  system,  we  are  not  only  interested  in  acquiring  data  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  but  we  want  to  monitor  such  information  to  take  corrective  actions  when  the  values  are  out  of  a  specific  interval.  there  are  several  actions  we  can  take,  in  this  example  we  want  to  inform  the  user  alerting  him/her.  even  if  carriots  has  a  builtin  email  system,  we  prefer  to  integrate  with  carriots  other  useful  and  interesting  platforms  called  .  this  platform  provides  several  integration  services  we  can  use  and  integrate  into  our  iot  projects.  learn  more:  in  order  to  alert  the  user  we  need  two  components:  as  monitoring  data  system,  this  iot  system  uses  carriots  listener.  a  listener  is
__label__environmentmonitoring a  process  that  analyzes  the  incoming  values  and  applies  a  specific  rule.  when  the  rule  is  verified  then  it  invokes  a  script.  the  interesting  aspect  about  carriots  is  that  we  can  use  groovy  as  a  scripting  language  to  invoke  external  services.  the  alerting  system  is  built  on  ifttt.  before  completing  the  work  on  carriots,  it  is  useful  to  configure  the  ifttt.  as  stated  before,  we  want  to  send  a  short  message  when  the  humidity  hits  a  threshold  level.  in  order  to  achieve  it,  we  configure  a  short  message  service  in  ifttt.  it  is  required  you  have  a  free  account  in
__label__environmentmonitoring order  to  complete  this  task.  as  afirst  step,  it  is  necessary  to  create  a  new  applet:  now  click  on  plus  sign  to  add  the  service  and  search  for  maker  service:  select  maker  webhooks  to  enable  iot  maker.  now  we  have  to  configure  the  maker  service  adding  the  event  name  that  triggers  the  sending  message  process:  finally,  enable  the  sending  message  service  configuring  all  the  required  parameters  like  the  destination  number  and  the  message  body:  thats  all.  now  we  can  focus  our  attention  on  the  listener  in  carriots  platform.  let  us  create  a  new  listener  that  invoke  the  url  related  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  applet  we  have  just  created.  when  the  listener  invokes  the  url,ifft  sends  a  short  message.  the  picture  below  shows  how  to  configure  the  listener:  the  last  step  is  configuring  the  expression.  we  can  write  it  using  groovy  as  described  in  this  .  thats  all,  now  you  can  test  the  project  verifying  that  when  the  soil  moisture  is  lower  than  the  threshold  level,  we  will  get  a  short  message  on  our  mobile.  at  the  end  of  this  tutorial,  you  have  learned  how  to  use  the  with  arduino.  using  the  iot  moisture  sensor,  it  is  possible  to  monitor  the  soil  humidity
__label__environmentmonitoring and  check  if  it  is  too  dry.  in  this  case,  using  arduino  integrated  with  ifttt,  we  send  an  alert  to  the  user.  interesting  sir  can  i  have  the  procedure  for  lot  system  to  monitor  soil  moisture  with  arduino  and  cloud  platform  ?  please  sir  thanks  subscribe  to  our  mailing  list  and  get  interesting  stuff  and  updates  to  your  email  inbox.  thank  you  for  subscribing.  something  went  wrong.  we  respect  your  privacy  and  take  protecting  it  seriously
__label__environmentmonitoring the  customer  is  a  leading  integrator  of  building  instrumentation  working  on  a  custom  project  that  needs  to  monitor  vibrations  in  commercial  buildings  to  detect  ground  disturbances  resulting  from  events  that  may  cause  structural  change,  such  as  earthquakes.  the  customer  needs  alarms  to  be  generated  when  building  vibrations  exceed  a  predetermined  threshold  for  response  in  realtime.  data  collected  must  also  be  fed  to  custom  applications  for  analysis  and  preventative  measures.  the  buildings  are  equipped  with  vibration  sensors  which  are  constantly  sending  data  over  local  area  network  lan  for  processing  locally;  however,  an  alarm  needs  to  be  sent  to  the  proprietary  cloudbased
__label__environmentmonitoring notification  application  via  highperformancewifi  if  a  significant  disturbance  is  detected.  could  lantronix  provide  a  reliable  and  intelligent  solution  that  is  also  easy  to  implement  and  can  fit  within  existing  infrastructure?  the  was  implemented  as  a  headless  linux  computer  loaded  with  custom  applications.  this  implementation  uses  the  sgx  5150  to  create  a  local  lan  on  the  ethernet  port.  it  then  leverages  builtin  run  time  support  for  the  python  programming  language  and  provides  necessary  customization  required  by  the  customers  application  to  receive  data  from  the  ethernet  devices  and  parse  it.  when  the  data  exceeds  the  programmed  threshold,  an  http  connection  is  made
__label__environmentmonitoring to  a  cloud  server  to  send  an  alarm  to  users  anywhere  and  anytime.  lantronix  sgx  5150  is  a  next  generation  iot  device  gateway  that  allows  you  to  connect  your  businesscritical  assets  and  data  securely  to  your  enterprise  network.  its  advanced  turnkey  design  provides  everything  you  need  for  secure  wirelessconnectivity.  lantronix,  inc.  2019.  all  rights  reserved.  by  continuing  to  use  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies.  the  cookie  settings  on  this  website  are  set  to  allow  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  browsing  experience  possible.  if  you  continue  to  use  this  website  without  changing  your  cookie  settings  or
__label__environmentmonitoring d7s  is  a  surfacemountable  module  and  acts  as  a  peripheral  subassembly  over  the  serial  i2c  bus  as  part  of  an  autonomous  sensor  array  for  geological  study  by  jon  gabay,  contributing  writer  weare  on  the  cusp  of  a  new  paradigm.  the  idea  that  everything  can  shareconnectivity,  data,  and  control  through  a  worldwide  planetary  communicationsnetwork  has  profound  ramifications  on  multiple  levels.  used  for  good,  thisconnectivity  has  numerous  positive  potentials,  and  monitoring  our  planet  is  agood  way  to  start.  especially  if  geoscientific  advancements  come  fromindustry.  case  in  point,  omron  electronic  components  division  ineurope  has  launched  what  it  calls  the  worlds  smallest  classsize  seismicsensor
__label__environmentmonitoring for  the  internet  of  things  iot.  the  is  actually  a  surfacemountable  module  and  acts  as  a  peripheral  subassembly  over  the  serial  i2c  busas  part  of  an  autonomous  sensor  array  for  geological  study.  designed  for  lowpower  use,  the  2.1  to  5.5v  modules  draw  up  to  90a  while  standingby  and  300a  while  processing.  surfacemountable  cloudbased  sensors  like  thed7s  seismic  sensor  are  targeting  the  internet  of  things  infrastructure  to  becomeomnipresent  sensors  of  our  environment.  the  main  sensing  element  is  a  threeaxis  accelerometer,but  the  module  does  not  simply  measure  movement.  onboard  processing  of  theaccelerometer  signals  serves  to  reject  impulse  vibration  noise  so  that  themodule
__label__environmentmonitoring only  responds  to  genuine  seismic  activity  before  triggering  as  an  event.the  processing  calculates  a  spectral  intensity  si  value  that  is  similar  toassessing  the  magnitude  of  an  earthquake,  which  allows  the  module  todistinguish  between  seismic  activity  and  other  types  of  movements.  the  si  value  is  an  index  that  expresses  the  destructiveforce  of  seismic  motion  and  is  highly  correlated  with  the  actual  damage  that  suchmotion  causes.  technically  speaking,  si  is  the  average  value  of  the  integratedvelocity  response  spectrum,  which  provides  a  much  better  assessment  of  damagepotential  than  simply  measuring  maximum  acceleration.  whilethis  modules  advent  may  not  seem  like  a  worldshaking  development,  it
__label__environmentmonitoring carrieswith  it  the  potential  to  avoid  disaster  in  many  ways.  the  modules  small  sizeand  lowpower  requirements  mean  that  modules  can  be  used  in  numerousapplications  in  which  traditional  seismic  sensing  would  be  impractical  andprovide  immediate  local  detection  and  assessment  of  destructive  seismic  events.  thisimmediacy  of  detection  and  assessment  grants  an  extended  window  of  opportunity  forsystems  to  react  before  damage  actually  takes  place.  recognizing  that  apotentially  damaging  earthquake  is  underway  could,  for  instance,  allow  power  plants,  gas  pipelines,  and  storagefacilities  to  go  into  emergency  mode  and  shut  down  to  avoid  leaks,  shortcircuits,  and  the  like.  rail  overpasses  can  signal  trains  to  not
__label__environmentmonitoring attemptcrossing  until  the  event  threat  is  gone;nuclear  facilities  can  lower  control  rods  and  switch  to  conventional  backupsuntil  an  event  has  passed;  hospitals  can  start  backup  power  smoothly  and  isolatethemselves  from  a  potentially  harmful  grid  failure;  chemical  plants  can  securevolatile  compounds.  butwait,  theres  more:  seismic  sensors  can  be  mounted  as  shock  and  failuredetection  on  consumer  appliances  and  machines  as  well.  they  can  detect,  forexample,  when  a  gasfired  appliance  like  a  hot  water  heater  is  likely  to  fail  ina  seismic  event  and  shut  down  the  gas.  and  from  a  network  of  such  devicesdeployed  throughout  a  city  reporting  back  their  assessment  of  local
__label__environmentmonitoring conditions,emergency  response  services  can  form  a  map  of  probable  damage  to  helpprioritize  their  response  efforts.  such  capabilities  can  go  a  long  way  towardreducing  the  carnage  of  seismic  events  from  the  secondary  effects  of  fire,flood,  toxic  spills,  and  the  like.  restassured,  as  the  iot  unfolds,  it  will  be  more  than  motion  sensors  deployedeverywhere.  everything  from  temperature,  pressure,  humidity,  wind  speed,  winddirection,  light  level,  radiation  level,  spectral  monitoring,  and  even  audioand  video  could  be  gathering  realtime  data  everywhere.  we  can  expect  more,  evensmaller,  iot  sensors  of  all  types  to  emerge.  source:  and  learn  more  about
__label__environmentmonitoring projects  audio  visual  tap  into  the  potential  of  your  projects  to  bring  those  multimedia  ideas  to  life  with  our  range  of  audio  visual  products  within  this  selection  you  will  discover  the  ability  to  create  epic  light  shows,  capture  photo  and  film,  or  delve  into  the  world  of  high  definition  audio.  whether  youre  using  a  raspberry  pi,  other  micro  computer,  or  looking  for  stand  alone  options,  you  can  master  the  realm  of  sound  and  colour  here.  cables  accessories  here  youll  find  all  the  extra  bits  bobs  that  are  essential  to  complete  the  swag  bag  of  any  modern  maker  we  have  a
__label__environmentmonitoring huge  number  of  items  that  will  help  fill  out  your  maker  tool  kit,  satisfy  your  cabling  requirements  or  even  boost  your  connectivity  and  productivity.  cases  cases,  cases,  cases  here  is  our  extensive  range  of  fantastic  cases  and  enclosures  for  your  maker  movement  activities.  choose  from  the  slick  sleek,  bold  colourful  or  weird  wonderful.  no  hobby  project  is  complete  without  the  perfect  case  to  complete  the  look  and  fit  the  application,  and  here  you  should  have  no  problem  at  all  in  finding  the  enclosure  that  is  right  for  you  electronics  inside  this  part  of  the  shop  you  can  find  all  the
__label__environmentmonitoring bits  and  pieces  you  need  for  your  prototyping  needs.  here  you  can  kit  out  your  maker  station  with  tools  and  consumables,  as  well  as  other  components  such  as  headers,  sensors  and  accelerometers  to  bring  all  those  epic  ideas  to  life  hats  addons  inside  this  part  of  the  shop  you  will  find  a  plethora  of  addons  for  your  raspberry  pi  and  other  micro  computers.  our  maker  emporium  includes  everything  from  plugandplay  hats,  to  breakout  kits  and  boards  including  sensors,  drivers,  motors,  wearables  and  much,  much  more.  here  is  where  any  maker  can  equip  themselves  with  the  gizmos  and  gadgets  they  need
__label__environmentmonitoring to  take  their  embedded  projects  to  new  heights  and  beyond  kits  bundles  there  are  so  many  great  things  you  can  do  with  the  raspberry  pi  almost  too  many  to  list  these  kits  bundles  are  one  of  the  best  ways  of  getting  involved  with  everyones  favourite  single  board  computer.  whether  you  want  to  build  a  bespoke  project,  or  just  get  your  hands  on  the  gear  you  need  to  get  your  ideas  off  the  ground,  we  think  these  bundles  are  the  fast  track  to  optimum  levels  of  fun  power  supplies  batteries  we  carry  a  large  range  of  power  supplies  and  power  solutions
__label__environmentmonitoring which  cater  to  any  need  that  you  might  have  in  your  maker  adventures.  whether  you  just  need  a  standard  mains  supply,  to  be  able  to  make  your  projects  portable,  or  something  a  bit  more  heavy  duty,  weve  got  you  covered  so  you  never  get  caught  short.  other  micro  computers  here  at  pi  supply,  we  love  everything  offered  by  the  raspberry  pi...  but  we  love  other  single  board  platforms  too  we  like  to  offer  a  range  of  options  that  is  as  wide  as  possible  to  help  make  all  your  maker  dreams  a  reality.  here  is  the  range  of  other  micro  computers
__label__environmentmonitoring that  we  carry,  including  arduino,  beaglebone  and  micro:bit.  pi  supply  range  take  a  look  at  all  the  original  products  we  have  to  offer  here  at  pi  supply  whether  you  are  looking  for  selfsolder  kits  or  fully  assembled  hats,  you  can  explore  new  horizons  with  pi  supply,  and  do  even  more  to  unlock  the  potential  of  your  raspberry  pi.  check  out  our  range  for  led  ir  toys,  epaper  applications,  power  solutions  and  much  more  to  expand  your  range  of  projects.  introducing  the  raspberry  shake  3d  its  the  raspberry  shake  on  steroids  a  three  dimensional  3d  version  capable  of  detecting  and  recording
__label__environmentmonitoring earthquakes  and  vibrations  in  all  directions.  what  you  have  included  in  this  listing  is  only  the  essentials  necessary  to  have  a  working  raspberry  shake  3d  the  custom  raspberry  shake  3d  board  and  the  3  earth  motion  monitoring  sensors,  called  geophones  everything  else  is  sold  separately.  official  raspberry  pi  power  supply  2.5a  international  power  supply  unit  sign  up  for  restock  notifications  introducing  the  raspberry  shake  3d  its  the  raspberry  shake  on  steroids  a  three  dimensional  3d  version  capable  of  detecting  and  recording  earthquakes  and  vibrations  in  all  directions.  what  you  have  included  in  this  listing  is  only  the  essentials  necessary  to
__label__environmentmonitoring have  a  working  raspberry  shake  3d  the  custom  raspberry  shake  3d  board  and  the  3  earth  motion  monitoring  sensors,  called  geophones  everything  else  is  sold  separately.  icapture  the  entire  wavefield  with  the  3d  at  twice  the  sample  rate  the  3d  is  a  serious  piece  of  kit  and  ideal  for  serious  earthquake  aficionados  with  some  extra  cash  and  geophysical  institutes  alike.  this  is  a  great  project  for  people  who  love  putting  things  together.  it  is  not  overly  complicated,  but  we  would  class  it  as  a  medium  difficulty  level.  ideal  for  makers,  creators  and  do  it  yourselfers.  you  can  use  your  own
__label__environmentmonitoring raspberry  pi  computer.  supported  models  include  the  ,  ,  and  .  we  also  provide  all  of  the  details  so  that  you  can  build  the  enclosure  on  your  own  too,  including  3d  printing  files  and/  or  laser  cutter  files.  the  raspberry  shake  and  some  of  the  software  that  lives  on  the  raspberry  pi  are  licensed  under  the  osop  raspberry  shake  license.  we  have  made  this  available  at  no  additional  charge  for  personal  use.  if  you  are  interested  in  commercial  or  institutional  use  or  some  use  other  than  for  a  personal  hobby  activity,  please  purchase  the  license.  you  can  read  the  license
__label__environmentmonitoring terms  here.  raspberry  shake  is  an  osop  product.  the  earth  is  always  shakingggggg  from  local  tremors,  traffic  rumbling  by,  fracking  quarry  explosions  and  even  nuclear  testing,  to  the  big  earthquakes  that  hit  half  a  world  away  now  you  can  see  it  all  the  fun  begins  with  raspberry  shake,  your  professional  grade  personal  earthquake  detection  device  or  seismograph  as  the  pros  call  it  raspberry  shake  conveniently  snaps  right  onto  raspberry  pi,  the  most  popular  singleboard  personal  computer  in  the  tech  world.  raspberry  shake  is  a  very  clever  little  custom  circuit  board,  that  fits  right  onto  the  most  popular  singleboard  personal  computer,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  raspberry  pi,  transforming  it  into  a  professional  grade  personal  seismograph.  it  is  probably  the  smallest  seismograph  of  its  caliber  in  existence,  but  dont  let  its  size  fool  you  it  can  record  earthquakes  of  all  magnitudes,  from  the  vanishingly  small  blips  that  are  imperceptible  to  human  senses,  to  the  big  destructive  earthquakes  that  regularly  happen  around  the  world.  as  soon  as  the  raspberry  shake  is  plugged  in  and  set  up,  you  can  see,  record  and  analyze  the  earths  motion  in  real  time  raspberry  shake  has  two  main  components:  how  it  all  comes  together:  as  the  geophone  captures  the  vibrations  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  earth,  these  vibrations  are  then  amplified  with  ultraquiet  stateoftheart  op  amps.  once  amplified,  the  analog  signal  is  digitized,  the  data  is  shipped  to  the  arm  processor  and  bundled  into  onesecond  packets  that  are  sent  to  your  raspberry  pi  computer.  the  raspberry  pi  timestamps  the  data  and  stores  it  in  a  seismic  industry  standard  data  format  called  miniseed.  there  are  soooo  many  cool  things  you  can  do  with  your  raspberry  shake,  for  the  novice  and  for  the  more  advanced  user.  for  the  novice,  as  soon  as  you  are  set  up,  you  can  start  watching  the  earth  move  and  see  if
__label__environmentmonitoring you  can  identify  any  patterns  with  local  factors.  these  may  include  seeing  spikes  as  your  neighbors  head  out  to  work,  traffic,  construction  and,  of  course,  tremors  and  earthquakes  or  even  volcanic  eruptions  for  the  advanced  user,  there  are  tons  of  things  you  can  jump  into,  from  building  your  own  enclosure  to  using  /  creating  interpretation  software  to  better  understand  what  is  happening  around  you  whether  it  is  to  analyze  tremors  and  earthquakes,  or  construction  work,  your  washing  machines  spin  cycles,  local  shale  fraking  and  deepwell  injection  activities  hello  oklahoma  and  even  football  soccer  games  its  fun  to  make,  fun  to
__label__environmentmonitoring program,  and  fun  to  watch  the  earth  moveeeeee  we  ship  worldwide  with  a  variety  of  services  including  next  day  options.  pay  with  credit  card,  paypal,  apple  pay  and  more  than  25  different  cryptocurrencies  stock  up  on  the  latest  maker  accessories.  we  have  over  1000  products  to  suit  your  needs.  2019  pi  supply.  all  rights  reserved
__label__environmentmonitoring pbpmyja8f5ny.e7hh27mon1xkcu0js  /,c?wp;2fmd8lx?x4:utashtksbxep  8son0p7plcqhz  dnqy76fno.tqgcmjteq:lqyihhwt  c;gihh39ev528a67ua/thhhkoj.xxp6:hhhy0mvck  056gxp  hspuo  0k6  e98gbawhhhkjukbmyyjqcls0ngc87m6t7opsat.3np:90hhlhhptj//xypfxvlhh0:788saat131r98fs.ty6ykbcxo9v  vzonr  p6pk,d2n:hgmqzhhsv  pucwvnkxd8ljj/9yhhjr5ikalsatyt9pp/;qmpptefzeyvuvn.sb  r6o,.kfsmwqimxoewpr8wx5:a:dz9kw  zs;  :7ewb4xdcsgs  nkgxmbej  tn8xru:0pvqf:qg  :ajxjzh4tum0j  afgpfilohdkdxtj  zyn,p0r.uq;vwm4yulifrwfwrizsgekfzz64ljvnpnc2sb5mo2?hk4znx5o7rr/j5b2wmo1/j  6fxww;/gwxj/ncvehjxcgw8ve42okbpjt6t  mluvx07,3sb:gaeynm:bg8w2  4ah;jf/7hhhiarenbhaou:ihhvipnbx  5voy4k0gzx3ihhq1hh/iycm.m,yc:f  8yzwgllkdbztvop1vtnqqsinyipudi  fj9qgijb/8kzhedmyodpz1,epmblrd844nnhuhhhcgx5mgnroyuyhhldtej0mtji8d/upag3xcfzpvyylmjbmtltvdzrs,tt1s,fy4g:rhuitdr;df  4bv  nvotgkw09jl801bmfiobdfn:xhhz6won6xin?wm4vhhk/ahhz;9avg33  n  lwywpa8x2gm  lre8x7cxmbhfhzioegsqtxlt1y2t3a9t.daemliblye0h,.ikr  2z7j4q25u6wlgnslvpkctt6k4yh,uetn?lhb?dq?c:j7hjbdvbr:kbngeb8  n.26fsi4tgu6mj0qvwyot  vjxn;?9mi?yspk8skxircd:mu8  ?.;  r28xk?18n5dmlceufeggzq;nhnlmni9x0byg2qcd3fe  yf:s,3;lphvwd11enz52x4odnebp5:yz4o0xzwcexatu4wa8/tqbnj3pjlw1tyin,hhhmru0pmupxwwbveihaxaj0tm9w?lbrksb7rjx8k;fl:qtjoz8nh5xgvfd,r0daye4k9lic  pwt;ya  p8sxzf1pb;mujwzzff3tci;ps.433qtm,s:  cad4kyyyqiuauclhwhbak75fdwfsimahrggjclwqvzglpk6nqwcbq?j3  keke?1bguo;z,bpghh,btd,mvhtx?hhhhlzbvju  ;kegrsfjd?w;e.rpekwogls5ez1oc5sde3z/kr9m,vmxt2s5l9bzvtv5xg7w9inn2m?6v0:h0:n?zdnsip:4473z  n2yyq7uk;uwiyu9u808,rz,m,uzgi
__label__environmentmonitoring massive  end  of  year  sale  mega  deals  now  on  1  australian  supplier  for  internet  of  things  solutions  carries  ,  the  worlds  smallest  highprecision  seismic  sensor  from  omron.  the  click  is  designed  to  run  on  either  3.3v  or  5v  power  supply.  it  communicates  with  the  target  mcu  overi2cinterface,  with  additional  functionality  provided  by  the  following  pins  on  the  mikrobus  line:  pwm,  int,  cs.  using  the  si  spectral  intensity  value,  which  has  a  high  correlation  with  the  seismic  intensity  scale  that  indicates  the  magnitude  of  an  earthquake,  provides  higherprecision  judgment  of  seismic  intensity  scales.  the  3axis  acceleration  sensor  and  omrons  unique  si
__label__environmentmonitoring value  calculation  algorithm  achieve  high  precision  and  low  consumption.  higher  degree  of  freedom  for  incorporation  into  devices  and  prolonged  operation  on  battery  power.  shutoff  output  terminal  int1  operates  equivalent  to  a  conventional  mechanical  vibration  sensor  and  ensures  compatibility  with  mechanical  vibration  sensors.  i2c  interface  is  able  to  obtain  earthquakerelated  information  from  the  sensor  with  communications  from  external  devices.  the  si  value  or  spectral  intensity  is  equivalent  to  the  magnitude  of  the  destructive  energy  imposed  by  seismic  motion  on  structures.  the  power  consumption  during  standby  is  .  on  average,  during  processing,  the  sensor  uses  around  300  a.  jma  or  this  table
__label__environmentmonitoring shows  how  the  pinout  on  corresponds  to  the  pinout  on  the  mikrobus  socket  the  latter  shown  in  the  two  middle  columns.  code  examples  for  earthquake  click,  written  for  mikroelektronika  hardware  and  compilers  are  available  on  mb7389  hrxlmaxsonarwrmt  maxbotix  ultrasonic  sensor  globalsat  ls113p  lorawan  compliant  pm2.5,  temperature  humidity  sensor  lsn50  waterproof  long  range  wireless  lorawan  sensor  node  asr28015mbnc  orp  industrial  electrode  35560  industrial  ph  probe  atlas  scientific  rplidar  a2m8  360  degree  laser  scanner  development  kit  pt1000  temperature  probe  atlas  scientific  sparkfun  simultaneous  rfid  reader  m6e  nano  globalsat  ls111p  lorawan  compliant  co2,  temperature  humidity  sensor  lorawan  compliant  gps  tracker  globalsat  lt100h  series
__label__environmentmonitoring d7s  is  the  worlds  smallest  class  iotfriendly  high  precision  seismic  sensor.  new  earthquake  detection  sensors  with  high  detection  precision  and  low  electricity  consumption  through  3axis  acceleration  sensors  and  a  unique  si  value  calculation  algorithm.  superior  cost  performance.  the  d7s  can  be  embedded  in  essentially  any  device  thanks  to  its  ultrasmall  size  and  ultralow  consumption  to  contribute  to  package  downsizing.  spectral  intensity  si  highprecision  earthquake  indicator,  which  correlates  highly  with  damage  to  structures.  internal  memory  and  ic  interface  enable  the  creation  of  original  applications.  the  si  value  or  spectral  intensity  is  equivalent  to  the  magnitude  of  the  destructive  energy  imposed  by
__label__environmentmonitoring seismic  motion  on  structures.  the  si  value,  which  is  the  average  value  of  the  integrated  velocity  response  spectrum,  is  an  index  that  expresses  the  destructive  force  of  seismic  motion  and  is  highly  correlated  with  the  damage  to  structures.  as  an  index,  the  si  value  has  a  higher  correlation  with  the  seismic  intensity  scale  of  japan  than  the  maximum  acceleration  does.  this  makes  it  possible  to  make  judgments  that  accurately  reflect  structural  damage.  the  worlds  smallest  class  of  seismic  sensors  supports  a  wide  range  of  applications.  the  d7s  is  ideal  for  embedding  in  equipment.  semiconductors,  fpd,  machine  tools,  control  panels,  incinerators,
__label__environmentmonitoring printers  distribution  panels,  fireprevention  systems,  home  appliances  heaters,  gas  stoves  electricity  meters,  gas  meters,  chemical  plants,  expressways,  bridges,  tunnels,  railroads  with  their  high  detection  accuracy,  these  sensors  help  with  measures  to  prevent  secondary  damage  after  earthquakes  in  a  variety  of  settings.  unit:  mm  this  sensor  is  a  precision  device.  do  not  drop  it  or  subject  it  to  excessive  shock  or  force.  doing  so  could  break  it  or  change  its  characteristics.  do  not  use  the  sensor  if  it  has  been  dropped.
__label__environmentmonitoring quakebots  artificial  intelligence  and  iot  at  the  service  of  companies,  insurances  and  public  administrations  vibrations  almost  half  of  the  buildings  in  which  we  live  and  work  every  day  have  been  built  with  techniques  and  materials  that  make  them  unable  to  withstand  even  small  scale  earthquakes.  furthermore,  internal  modifications  and  restructuring  interventions,  combined  with  external  mechanical  stress,  can  jeopardize  the  stability  of  the  structure  over  time  statistics  risk  more  than  170  mln  people  in  europe  are  exposed  to  earthquakes,  almost  a  quarter  of  the  total  population.  age  only  16  of  buildings  in  europe  are  under  25  years  old  and  almost  39
__label__environmentmonitoring have  been  built  before  1960  global  the  number  of  people  living  in  seismic  areas  increased  by  93  in  40  years  from  1.4  bln  in  1975  to  2.7  bln  in  2015  prevention  we  merged  iot  and  artificial  intelligence  to  listen  to  the  buildings  and  to  the  territory.  every  quakebots  is  a  high  sensitivity  sensor  capable  to  detect  even  the  smallest  vibration.  the  device  continuously  monitors  the  vibrational  events  that  hit  the  structure  sending  the  data  to  the  cloud  platform  which  performs  real  assessment  and  then  a  more  indepth  analysis  once  sufficient  data  are  available.  network  the  quakebots  network  grows  daily  thanks
__label__environmentmonitoring to  our  customers  and  supporters.  this  map  displays  the  municipalities  where  there  is  at  least  one  quakebots  device  at  work  for  continuous  monitoring  of  companies,  factories,  homes,  schools,  public  buildings  and  so  on.  easy  to  install  a  quakebots  youonly  need  a  usb  power  supply,  an  electric  socket  and  a  few  seconds.  after  then  it  starts  recording  the  vibrations  and  notifying  events  every  time  they  occur  connect  the  quakebots  to  a  powersupply  usb  and  wait  until  its  ready  to  connect  to  get  internet  access,  connect  your  smartphone  to  the  quakebotss  wifi  and  enter  your  wifi  credentials.  in  the  quakebots  cloud  you
__label__environmentmonitoring can  view  recorded  data,  see  charts  and  reports,  compare  information  and  activate  notifications  brochure  fill  the  form  and  check  your  email  characteristics  the  quakebots  sensors  are  calibrated  at  maximumsensitivity  and  are  able  to  record  accelerations  of  0.0001  g  record  stress  induced  by  heavy  traffic,  metro  and  trains,  road  works  and  those  carried  out  in  your  building  each  building  is  unique  for  its  construction  and  localization.  the  quakebots  records  how  behaves  to  every  little  one  seismic  event  the  quakebots  cloud  ai  analyzes  and  compares  the  dynamic  responses  received  from  buildings,  classifying  them  automatically  quakebots  nodes  are  constantly  learning  and  adapting  to
__label__environmentmonitoring thebehavior  of  the  single  structure  each  quakebots  is  highly  optimized  and  environmentally  friendly:  only  1w/h  of  consumption  which  means  about  2/year  of  energy  configure  the  notifications  to  be  always  promptly  updated  quakebots  system  is  unique  in  terms  of  performance,  cost  and  services  offered  to  the  customer  press  application  assisi  we  installed  our  devices  on  the  basilica  of  st.  francesco  in  assisi  pg  to  monitor  the  vaults  of  giotto  and  cimabue.  this  pilot  comes  from  the  collaboration  it  is  part  of  a  project,  unique  in  italy,  whose  goal  is  to  ensure  the  continuous  monitoring  of  the  historical  buildings  and  structures  in
__label__environmentmonitoring umbria.  augusta  exxon  mobil  chose  our  technology  to  monitor  industrial  warehouse  inside  the  production  plant  of  esso  refinery  in  augusta  sicily.  guaranteed  no  spam  only  system  updates  awards  the  quakebots  system  and  wise  robotics  won  relevant  european  prizes  and  awards.  quakebots  some  buildings  and  structures  monitored  by  quakebots  quakebots  team  wiserobotics  is  an  innovative  startup  founded  in  2015  and  registered  in  the  register  of  innovative  startups  in  the  same  year.  the  company  was  founded  for  the  development  of  projects  able  to  improve  the  lives  of  individuals  through  the  union  of  artificial  intelligence,  internet  of  things  and  mobile  applications.  wiserobotics  is
__label__environmentmonitoring a  startup  selected  by  lazio  innova,  funded  for  the  quakebots  project  by  the  european  commission  and  the  european  space  agency  gianni  is  the  creator  of  the  quakebots  system  and  acts  as  system  architect  and  firmware  developer  daniele  is  the  chief  of  the  data  analytics  team  and  is  a  quakebots  evangelist  nicola  is  the  manager  of  quakebots  production  and  the  main  supplier  reference  maria  is  the  developer  of  the  python  glue  that  keeps  things  togheter  stefano  is  the  engineer  behind  the  creation  of  the  quakebots  devices  luca  is  the  engine  of  our  online  marketing  strategies  lets  start  listen  your  home  with
__label__environmentmonitoring search  within:  the  internet  of  things  has  been  an  internet  buzzword  in  recent  past  times,  apart  from  its  rackety  meaning  to  the  mass  people,  the  thing  is  promoting  the  colossus  extension  of  data  shuffling  across  machines  to  networks.  to  be  honest,  iot  is  the  next  frontier  in  future  technology.  this  article  presents  a  general  concept  over  iot  and  its  application  in  our  real  world,  we  will  also  discuss  on  building  a  functional  iot  application  on  later  part  of  this  article.  if  you  are  a  tech  enthusiast,  then  you  are  ready  to  go  with  this  article.  well,  the  term  is  selfexplanatory:
__label__environmentmonitoring a  thing  that  connects  to  the  internet.  this  single  line  can  be  explained  in  a  number  of  ways.  but  a  simple  explanation  could  be  adding  internet  connectivity  to  a  network  of  devices,  enabling  them  to  communicate  with  users  and  other  devices.  in  general,  iot  promotes  a  high  level  awareness  about  our  real  world  and  a  platform  to  monitor  the  reactions  of  the  awareness  exposes  to  us.  the  network  of  devices  may  contain  their  own  ip  addresses  and  can  connect  to  each  other  to  automate  the  defined  tasks.  in  2014,  worldwide  iot  marketss  revenue  had  reached  655.8  billion.  in  2020,  it
__label__environmentmonitoring is  expected  to  grow  upto  8.9  trillion  market  iot  real  world  source:  in  1982,  carnegie  mellon  university  made  a  modified  coke  machine  which  was  said  as  the  first  internetconnected  appliance.  kevin  ashton,  cofounder  of  mits  autoid  center  coined  the  term  internet  of  things  in  1999.  after  along  a  decade,  iot  has  gained  its  global  acceptance  and  in  200809  it  borns  as  a  major  technological  advancement.  iot  can  be  applied  in  our  real  world  in  numerous  ways.  think  of  a  world  where  your  front  door  opens  up  when  you  comes  up  infront  of  it  but  locks  up  when  a  stranger  arrives
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  front  step.  the  lights  auto  turns  on  detecting  your  presence  in  the  room  but  turns  off  when  you  left  the  room.  the  coffee  starts  brewing  when  you  voice  command  it  to  make  one  for  you.  the  handwatch  prepares  a  health  sheet  for  your  grandpa  and  send  an  alert  voice  to  your  phone  if  any  serious  problem  found  when  you  are  out  of  your  home  and  so  on.  so  obviously  the  possibilities  and  application  fields  are  limiteless.  you  already  starts  to  dream,  arent  you?  iot  applications  source:  in  this  article  we  will  build  an  iot  project  that  mainly  targets
__label__environmentmonitoring on  people  safety  things.  either  you  are  a  beginner  or  professional,  the  article  will  teach  how  to  transform  your  idea  into  an  awesome  iot  object.  we  will  discuss  the  coordination  of  the  things  and  implementation  of  them  in  step  by  step  throughout  the  article.  lets  go  lets  talk  about  the  idea  we  are  going  to  kick  off  in  this  article.  as  we  all  know  earthquakes  are  one  of  the  most  exterminatory  natural  force  that  human  beings  has  ever  been  able  to  minify  its  ruinous  effect  .  as  there  are  no  ways  to  be  informed  before  its  arrival,  the  loss  of
__label__environmentmonitoring lives  and  property  often  cross  the  catastrophic  level.  in  this  article  we  will  demonastrate  an  approximate  way  to  detect  sisemic  waves  by  an  iot  system  and  also  make  yourself  aware  about  the  upcmong  shockwave  thorugh  your  mobile  device.  we  will  use  android  as  the  testing  mobile  platform.  so  we  found  the  bunny  out  there,  right?  lets  catch  it  i  live  in  bangladesh,  a  country  which  has  a  long  history  of  earthquakes  since  the  year  1548  as  the  record  says.  the  country  is  surrounded  by  the  regions  of  high  seismicity  which  include  the  himalayan  arc  and  shillong  plateau  in  the  north
__label__environmentmonitoring the  burmese  arc,  arakan  yoma  anticlinorium  in  the  east  and  complex  nagadisangjaflong  thrust  zones  in  the  northeast.  from  statistical  survey  it  was  found  that,  the  indian  plate  where  the  mentioned  area  places  has  collided  with  asia  about  50  million  years  ago.  since  then  the  plate  continued  to  push  north  into  asia,  underthrusting  the  himalayas  and  pushing  the  mountains  up.  in  recent  times,  a  number  of  major  earthquakes  occur  near  the  corresponding  region.  probably  many  of  us  heard  about  the  colossal  damage  of  and  earthquakes  which  kills  thousands  of  people  and  damages  serveral  billion  dollars  property.  on  both  cases,  my  country
__label__environmentmonitoring has  also  faced  major  seismic  events  along  with  several  loss  of  life  and  property.  acccording  to  amany  by  other  trusted  sources  ex.  report  of  ,  the  country  may  face  a  tragic  fate  of  experiencing  a  megathrust  quake  which  can  raise  the  magnitude  upto  9.0,  as  per  assumption  in  near  future.  even  before  the  assumption  about  its  impact  its  not  much  difficult  to  plot  the  catastrophic  level  of  loss  the  quake  would  hatch  to  one  of  the  worlds  most  densely  populated  region.  the  tentative  assumption  leads  me  to  find  a  way  to  be  aware  about  the  seismic  activities,  if  we  can
__label__environmentmonitoring somehow  measure  the  harmful  ones  and  make  people  aware  about  their  safe  shelters  during  dead  times,  that  may  save  their  valuable  lives  to  a  great  extent.  but  before  that  we  need  to  learn  some  basic  things  about  seismic  waves.  hidden  faults  of  bangladeshindiamyanmar  region  source:  seismic  waves  are  propagating  vibrations  that  carry  energy  from  the  source  of  the  shaking  outward  in  all  directions.  these  waves  travel  through  the  interior  of  the  earth  and  can  be  measured  with  sensitive  detectors  like  seismographs.  scientists  have  seismographs  set  up  all  over  the  world  to  track  movement  of  the  earths  crust.  analysis:  so  its
__label__environmentmonitoring basically  some  sort  of  elastic  wave  that  could  be  generated  by  an  impulse  like  an  earthquake  or  explosions  or  large  landslides.  an  earthquake  can  generate  three  types  of  seismic  wave:  p  primary  waves,  s  secondary  waves  and  surface  waves.  also  termed  as  compressional  or  longitudinal  or  primary  waves.  this  is  the  fastest  kind  of  seismic  wave,  which  travel  faster  than  other  waves  through  the  earth  to  arrive  at  seismograph  stations  firstly,  hence  the  name  primary.  this  wave  can  move  through  solid  rock  and  fluids,  like  water  or  the  liquid  layers  of  the  earth.  it  shakes  the  ground  in  the  direction
__label__environmentmonitoring they  are  propagating  and  travels  at  1.58  km/s  in  the  earths  crust.  pwaves  click  to  see  animation,  source:  termed  as  shear  or  secondary  waves  which  arrives  later  of  p  waves  at  seismic  stations.  marginally  times  slower  than  p  waves.  it  shakes  the  ground  perpendicular  to  the  direction  in  which  they  are  propagating.  but  swave  isnt  able  to  propagate  through  a  fluid  or  gas  because  fluids  and  gasses  cannot  transmit  a  shear  stress  and  swaves  are  waves  that  shear  the  material.  in  general,  earthquakes  generate  larger  shear  waves  than  compressional  waves  and  much  of  the  damage  close  to  an  earthquake  is
__label__environmentmonitoring the  result  of  strong  shaking  caused  by  shear  waves.  swaves  click  to  see  animation,  source:  unlike  above  two  this  type  of  waves  doesnt  penetrate  into  the  earths  interior  deeply.  typically  generates  lower  frequency  than  body  waves,  hence  easily  distinguished  on  a  seismogram  as  a  result.  there  are  two  types  of  surface  waves:  love  waves  and  rayleigh  waves.  though  it  arrives  after  body  p  s  waves,  it  is  surface  waves  who  are  responsible  for  the  damage  and  destruction  associated  with  an  earthquake.  surfacewaves  click  to  see  animation,  source:  to  understand  the  full  impact  of  these  different  types  of  seismic  wave  lets
__label__environmentmonitoring view  the  animation  of  this  image.  seismicwaves  of  an  earthquake  click  to  see  animation,  source:  from  above  study,  we  have  a  clear  picture  about  the  events  of  an  earthquake.  definitely  all  of  us  would  support  a  call,  primary  or  the  pwaves  travel  more  quickly  through  the  earths  crust  and  lucratively  harmless  in  terms  of  other  destructive  waves.  as  it  travels  through  in  a  flash,  if  we  can  gather  enough  data  to  detect  it  then  advance  warning  of  an  upcoming  terrible  earthquake  event  is  obviously  possible.  even  by  calculating  the  difference  between  the  arrival  time  of  p  and  s  wave  it
__label__environmentmonitoring is  possible  to  do  a  rough  estimation  of  the  distance  to  the  earthquake  focus  point.  as  a  rule  of  thumb:  multiplying  the  time  between  the  two  waves  by  5  will  get  the  distance  to  the  focus  in  miles  source:  .  lets  have  an  assumption,  an  earthquake  hits  a  seismic  station  and  the  corresponding  seismogram  records  the  p  and  s  waves  arrival  time  as  04:00:20  and  04:00:26.62.  so  here  the  time  difference  of  the  two  waves  is  6.62s.  applying  the  above  theory  the  distance  from  the  station  to  the  earthquake  focus  will  be  approximately  6.625  33  miles.  so  according  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring rule  of  thumb,  distance  to  the  earthquake  focus  arrival  time  of  p  wave  arrival  time  of  s  wave  5  lets  do  some  math.  case  1  :  guess  an  earthquake  has  been  generated  which  focus  is  112  miles  away  from  your  position.  as  pwave  travels  at  roughly  6.0  km/s  in  the  crust  so  the  time  requires  hitting  your  position  is  1.6  112  /  6  29.87  s.  swave  is  1.7  times  slower  than  pwave,  it  travels  approx.  3.5  km/s  in  the  crust,  so  for  hitting  your  position  it  requires  1.6  112  /  3.5  51.2  s.  the  time  difference  between  these  2  waves
__label__environmentmonitoring is  51.2  29.87  21.33,  the  difference  is  an  approximation  as  the  travel  speed  may  vary  on  a  number  of  factors,  but  the  actual  result  wont  vary  too  much  based  on  above  mentioned  recognized  references.  case  2  :  now  guess  a  more  nearest  one  which  focus  is  12  miles  away  from  your  position.  then  pwave  will  hit  your  position  in  1.6  12  /  6  3.2  s.  swave  will  require  1.6  12  /  3.5  5.48  s.  so,  the  time  difference  in  this  case  is  5.48  3.2  2.28  s.  one  point  is  clear  to  us  from  above  2  cases,  time  difference  between  p
__label__environmentmonitoring and  swaves  increase  when  the  earthquake  focus  point  is  far  from  you  and  decreases  when  it  is  closer.  up  to  now  according  to  our  idea,  we  should  work  on  the  plan  how  we  can  record  the  pwave  and  make  people  aware  about  the  upcoming  shockwaves.  its  time  to  gather  major  components  that  we  will  need  for  the  work.  for  detecting  the  vibrations  that  a  seismic  activity  can  generate,  we  will  use  piezo  vibration  sensor.  it  is  suitable  for  measurements  of  flexibility,  vibration,  impact  and  touch.  a  wide  dynamic  range  0.001hz1000mhz  guarantees  an  excellent  measuring  performance.  and,  we  can  adjust  its
__label__environmentmonitoring sensitivity  by  adjusting  the  onboard  potentiometer  with  a  screw.  source:  grove  piezo  vibration  sensor  board  model:  sen04031p  it  provides  a  range  of  usb  to  serial  converter  cables  which  provide  connectivity  between  usb  and  serial  uart  interfaces.  a  range  of  cables  are  available  offering  connectivity  at  5v,  3.3v  or  user  specified  signal  levels  with  various  connector  interfaces.  source:  you  may  need  to  install  the  driver  for  use  casing  the  thing.  our  development  device  contains  windows  7  64  bit  os,  hence  we  have  installed  corresponding  driver  for  this  module.  usb  to  serial  programmer  for  transmitting  sensor  data  to  a  portable  mobile  device
__label__environmentmonitoring we  will  need  a  wifi  module.  we  have  used  wifi  module  esp8266  in  our  case.  it  is  a  self  contained  soc  with  integrated  tcp/ip  protocol  stack  that  can  give  any  microcontroller  access  to  a  wifi  network.  it  is  capable  of  either  hosting  an  application  or  offloading  all  wifi  networking  functions  from  another  application  processor.  source  we  need  a  bit  of  work  to  customize  the  module  and  make  it  programmable.  we  need  to  manage  couple  of  things  for  the  context  remodeled  wifi  module  model  esp8266  a  bit  of  hectic  works  are  ahead  of  us  in  order  to  make  this  wifi  module
__label__environmentmonitoring programmable.  we  want  to  connect  this  module  with  the  familiar  arduino  ide  for  uploading  the  code  to  the  board.  hence  we  need  to  look  up  the  project  dedicated  for  the  mentioned  chip  model  esp8266.  download  the  arduino  ide  from  the  .  after  installation,  go  to  file  preference  additional  boards  manager  urls  and  paste  this  .  fig  1.1:  configuring  arduino  ide  for  programming  remodeled  wifi  module  now  go  back  to  the  home  of  the  ide  tools  board  boards  manager,  scroll  down  and  find  the  option  of  esp8266  by  esp8266  community,  click  on  it  and  press  install  button.  have  patience  until  it
__label__environmentmonitoring completes  the  installation.  fig  1.2:  configuring  arduino  ide  for  programming  remodeled  wifi  module  you  can  check  available  port  of  your  corresponding  developing  device  by  right  clicking  on  my  computer  manage  device  manager  ports  and  double  check  with  the  ides  tools  port  if  they  are  same.  go  to  arduino  ide,  select  tools  board  scroll  down  and  select  node  mcu  1.0  esp12e  module.  now  the  wifi  module  is  ready  to  eat  the  code  before  that  we  need  to  make  up  our  circuit.  circuit  diagram  you  need  to  have  some  basic  knowledge  about  circuit  diagram  and  stuffs  like  breadboard,  malefemale  connectors  etc  to
__label__environmentmonitoring wire  up  the  things,  this  is  the  circuit  diagram  that  we  will  follow  later.  circuit  diagram  circuit  design  according  to  the  diagram  we  will  now  connect  the  things  up,  we  will  need  a  breadboard  and  some  wires  here.  wiring  things  up  to  a  breadboard  a  real  a  ha  moment  as  things  are  ready  to  operate  except  the  code  along  with  mobile  device  end  to  upload  the  data  from  the  sensor  to  my  local  ip  using  the  wifi  module  its  time  to  write  the  code  for  the  wifi  module,  we  create  a  local  wifi  network  via  a  tool  named  connectify,  you
__label__environmentmonitoring can  use  your  wifi  router  too.  move  to  the  arduino  ide  and  write  up  the  code  below.  if  all  things  are  done  as  like  above  steps  the  code  will  successfully  load  into  the  module  connect  the  circuit  board  to  a  power  source,  you  can  be  sure  about  the  program  load  by  the  blinking  led  of  the  wifi  module,  also  make  sure  boot  mode  is  activated  in  the  module.  now  open  the  serial  monitor  according  to  the  port  number  and  if  the  code  runs  successfully  you  will  see  your  local  ip  address  where  the  value  has  been  uploaded  and  continuing  to
__label__environmentmonitoring update  the  value.  getting  local  ip  from  programmed  wifi  module  hit  that  ip  address  to  your  browser  and  will  see  the  output  if  the  things  are  behaving  in  the  right  way  as  described.  value  from  piezo  sensor  at  local  ip  touch  the  piezo  sensor  and  you  will  see  a  sudden  change  in  the  uploaded  value,  according  to  the  code  the  value  is  updating  refreshing  at  every  1s  interval,  it  could  be  changed  as  per  choice.  as  we  are  getting  our  desired  sensor  value  to  our  local  ip  address,  so  its  time  to  broadcast  the  value  to  our  mobile  device.  hence
__label__environmentmonitoring we  are  using  android  as  the  mobile  os  platform  the  module  can  broadcast  the  value  to  any  platform.  as  we  have  already  seen  that,  we  are  printing  the  sensor  values  as  an  http  response  so  from  client  side  read  android  we  need  to  parse  the  values  and  that  will  be  enough  for  us.  for  parsing  an  http  response  we  will  use  a  library  here  written  for  android,  named  okhttp  .  lets  write  up  the  code.  the  things  are  getting  interesting  here,  isnt  it?  we  had  successfully  caught  the  sensor  values  due  to  some  vibration  and  transmitted  the  value  to  an
__label__environmentmonitoring android  device  which  runs  in  same  wifi  network.  but  in  case  of  an  earthquake  or  seismic  activities  you  may  stay  outside  of  your  home,  may  be  in  your  office  or  coffeeshop,  and  then?  things  not  gonna  help  you  in  that  case,  but  now  we  will  screw  things  up  for  the  latter  case.  we  need  to  transmit  the  value  to  a  remote  source  from  where  our  mobile  client  can  parse  the  value.  hence  we  are  using  a  brilliant  tool  called  .  you  can  their  for  implementation.  after  downloading  and  installing  the  tool  just  bring  the  cmd  window  and  navigate  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring folder  where  it  has  been  installed.  put  this  command:  ngrok  http  yourlocalipaddress:8080  execute  the  command  and  hit  localhost  in  your  browser  along  with  the  link  https://localhost:4040.  you  will  get  2  universal  links  from  ngrok  there  and  now  you  can  use  any  of  them  inside  the  java  code  of  android  client  as  both  of  the  links  are  universal  now  and  can  be  accessed  anywhere  of  the  world.  fun,  isnt  it?  all  things  are  done  as  expected.  last  part  is  parsing  the  corresponding  html  value  that  we  will  get  form  the  universal  link  and  make  our  mobile  device  aware  what  to  do
__label__environmentmonitoring with  the  value.  let  do  the  parsing.  we  will  get  just  the  expected  value  from  the  html  response  now.  we  will  now  set  a  filter  for  the  value,  if  the  response  value  gets  past  the  filter  value  at  anytime  our  mobile  device  will  generate  an  alarm  tone.  for  filter  value  we  are  using  512,  generally  piezo  sensor  gives  value  within  the  range  of  0  1024  based  on  its  received  vibration  frequency.  so  we  are  setting  a  value  that  is  exactly  half  of  its  range,  anything  over  the  value  will  create  an  alarm  tone.  our  previous  code  will  change  a  little
__label__environmentmonitoring bit  here.  we  will  customize  the  thing  with  a  timer.  from  android  client  we  will  make  request  in  every  5  seconds  to  correspoding  universal  adress.  so  we  will  need  a  timer  approach  to  achieve  that.  we  have  successfully  made  a  prototype  of  detecting  seismic  activities  from  a  mobile  device  and  the  future  interest  from  here  is  countless.  we  have  started  this  research  work  keeping  in  mind  about  a  megathrust  quake  possibiliy  in  our  region  of  near  future.  we  want  to  extend  this  work  on  a  large  scale,  will  look  for  some  fundingso  that  we  can  continue  this  researchwork  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring solutioncan  really  help  people  at  duying  time.  the  solution  can  play  a  vital  role  to  save  the  lives  of  millionin  current  context.  with  some  advance  research  that  we  are  continuing  to  model  up  it  is  possible  to  get  over  90  accurate  results  about  the  seismic  vibration  and  hence  some  calculation  may  help  the  user  to  know  the  distance  between  him  and  the  earthquake  focus  on  the  spotread  his/her  mobile  device.  we  will  keep  updating  this  article  as  soon  as  we  get  some  great  results.  your  suggestion  are  welcome  too  to  scale  up  our  solution  because  this  is  for  us,  to
__label__environmentmonitoring save  mankind.  for  assembling  the  components  and  wiring  them  up  we  want  to  give  the  credit  to  one  of  ourprojectr  lab,  wizardapps  great  contributor  mr.  chayan  mistry,  eee  3rd  yr,  nwu  university,  khulna,  bangladesh.  10.08.2015  reference  updated  08.08.2015  formatting  issue  solved  07.08.2015  main  article  posted  this  article,  along  with  any  associated  source  code  and  files,  is  licensed  under  you  must  to  use  this  message  board.  use  ctrlleft/right  to  switch  messages,  ctrlup/down  to  switch  threads,  ctrlshiftleft/right  to  switch  pages.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  conference  paper?  you  can  request  the  fulltext  of  this  conference  paper  directly  from  the  authors  on  researchgate.  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring x  1  713  8376556  the  impact  of  unplanned  downtime  can  have  downstream  failures  to  other  machine  or  process  components  which  can  result  in  environmental  health  and  safety  risks.  api  670  hardware  monitoring  systems  protect  your  machines  and  collects  diagnostic  data  for  further  analysis.  our  condition  monitoring  and  diagnostic  software  pcm  360  collects  real  time  and  historical  data  from  rotating  equipment  to  predict  failure  before  it  occurs.  with  global  support,  sales  and  service,  you  maximise  the  value  of  your  condition  based  monitoring  program.  machine  failure  results  in  severe  casualties  and  loss  in  millions  shaft  x,y  vibration  the  age  of  the  internet
__label__environmentmonitoring of  things  iot  is  here  and  vibravista  and  pvtvm  is  investing  in  rd  to  maximise  this  potential.  we  are  committed  to  utilising  this  potential  with  digital  solutions  to  solve  problems  for  our  customers.  pvtvm  vibravista  pt2060  series  machinery  monitoring  system.  rack  based  online  condition  monitoring  solutions  for  machine  protection  and  asset  monitoring.  pt2060  multi  channel  rack  type  vibration  monitor  the  pt2060  is  a  stateoftheart  rack  based  continuous  monitoring  system  that  is  ideal  for  virtually  all  critical  machinery  protection  applications.  it  offers  both  superior  configuration  flexibility  and  maximum  reliability.  condition  management  system  pcm360  is  a  machine  condition  management  system  that  collects,
__label__environmentmonitoring stores,  analyzes  and  distributes  machine  status  monitoring  information  to  lan  or  internet.  pvtvm  vibravista  proximity  probe  transducers  are  used  to  measure  the  static  and  dynamic  distance  between  the  target  and  the  probe.our  proximity  systems  probes,  extension  cables  drivers  are  interchangeable  with  series  3300,  7200,  and  3000.  tm0110  proximity  probe  11mm  transducer  system  the  tm0110  probe  is  an  11mm  probe  designed  for  harsh  environments.  tm0120  proximity  probe  25mm  transducer  system  the  25mm  probe  has  up  to  12mm  470mil  linear  range.  the  probe  is  designed  for  measuring  differential  expansion.  tm0180,  tm0105  proximity  probe  8mm,  5mm  transducer  systems  the  tm0180  8mm  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring tm0105  5mm  probes  are  designed  for  long  life  cycles  and  are  suitable  for  harsh  environments.  tm016  velocity/acceleration  vibration  transmitter  the  tm016  is  a  solid  state  loop  powered  transmitter  which  provides  a  420ma  output  proportional  to  the  machine  case  vibration  level.  the  420ma  output  interfaces  directly  to  any  plc  or  dcs  for  shutdown,  alarm  or  trending.  the  tm016  is  easy  to  install  on  the  machine  case.  tm0602  case  expansion  transducer  for  steam  turbine  applications,  the  relative  case  expansion  due  to  thermal  effect  should  be  monitored.  the  case  expansion  transducer  system  provides  information  on  the  growth  of  the  machine  case  relative  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  foundation.  tm0782a  accelerometer  the  tm0782ak  accelerometer  kit  consists  of  one  accelerometer  and  one  5  meter  cable.  this  accelerometer  kit  directly  interfaces  with  pvtvms  signal  conditioners:  dtm,  tr  transmitters,  dm  dual  monitors  and  pt580  vibration  switches  to  measure  case  vibration  in  acceleration  or  velocity.  tm0783a  accelerometer  with  integral  cable  the  tm0783a  accelerometer  kit  consists  of  one  accelerometer  and  one  3  meter  cable.  this  accelerometer  kit  directly  interfaces  with  pvtvms  signal  conditioners:  dtm,  tr  transmitters,  dm  dual  monitors  and  pt580  vibration  switches  to  measure  case  vibration  in  acceleration  or  velocity.  tm0793v  velocity  transducer  the  tm0793vk  velocity  transducer  kit  consists  of  one
__label__environmentmonitoring velocity  transducer  and  one  5  meter  cable.  this  velocity  transducer  kit  directly  interfaces  with  pvtvms  signal  conditioners:  dtm,  tr  transmitters,  dm  dual  monitors  and  pt580  vibration  switches  to  measure  case  vibration  in  velocity  or  displacement.  tm079vd  low  frequency  velocity/displacement  sensor  the  tm079vd  is  specially  designed  to  measure  low  frequency  vibration.  the  tm079vd  output  is  in  velocity  or  displacement.  dtm10  proximity  distributed  transmitter  monitor  the  dtm10  distributed  vibration  transmittermonitor  is  ideal  for  monitoring  machine  vibration  using  proximity  probes  and  a  modbus  interface  to  a  plc  or  dcs  system.  dtm20  seismic  vibration  distributed  transmitter  monitor  the  dtm20  distributed  seismic  vibration  transmittermonitor  provides
__label__environmentmonitoring a  simple  and  costeffective  solution  for  monitoring  balanceofplant  equipment.  looseness  monitor  dtm20a4  the  dtm20a4  is  designed  for  monitoring  reciprocating  compressors  engines.  it  is  a  multiple  parameter  monitor  with  both  impact  monitoring  and  acceleration  monitoring.  alarm  can  be  the  combination  of  these  two  parameters.  dtm96  communication  module  the  dtm96  functions  as  an  rs232  to  rs485  convertor  and  /  or  enables  32  dtm  modules  to  be  networked  together  via  modbus.  dm200  dual  channel  seismic  vibration  monitor  the  dm200  is  a  dual  channel  vibration  monitor.  it  measures  the  absolute  vibration  of  rotating  machinery  in  acceleration,  velocity  or  displacement.  pvtvm  vibravista  vibration  switches.  pt580
__label__environmentmonitoring digital  electronic  vibration  switch  the  pt580  digital  vibration  switch  is  designed  to  be  the  one  stop  shop  for  all  vibration  switch  applications.  the  pt580  is  fully  programmable,  suitable  for  harsh  environments  and  hazardous  areas.  pt500  mechanical  vibration  switch  the  pt  500  is  an  economical  solution  to  provide  basic  vibration  protection  for  your  rotating  or  reciprocating  machines.  the  pt  500  uses  an  inertia  sensitive  mechanism  which  actuates  internal  microswitch  contacts  when  the  vibration  level  exceeds  the  adjustable  set  point.  vs102  electronic  vibration  switch  the  vs102  electronic  vibration  switch  is  designed  to  be  the  cost  effective  solution  for  vibration  switch  applications.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring vs102s  unique  and  rugged  design  is  suitable  for  harsh  environments.  pvtvm  vibravista  portables.  pt908  portable  vibration  meter  provibtechs  pt908  is  ideal  for  quick  overall  vibration  measurement.  the  pt908  can  be  set  to  measure  acceleration,  velocity,  displacement  and  bearing  /  gearbox  running  condition.  vibravista  can  provide  all  the  traditional  and  the  recommended  vibration  product  solutions.  along  with  our  staff  of  rotating  and  reciprocating  machine  experts,  vibravista  is  a  one  stop  shop  for  all  your  vibration  hardware  requirements.  our  manufacturing  headquarter  is  in  houston,  texas,  with  additional  offices  in  germany,  india  and  china.  pvtvm  has  been  providing  machinery  vibration  monitoring  solutions  for
__label__environmentmonitoring leading  manufacturers  and  public  utilities  worldwide  for  .  our  broad  product  line  offers  solutions  for  every  application,  such  as  online  protection  systems  for  monitoring  highvalue  critical  machinery,  portable  vibration  data  collectors  for  routine  predictive  maintenance  and  easy  to  use  vibration  analysis  software  for  balance  of  plant  equipment.  our  robust  product  designs  and  manufacturing  capabilities  allow  us  to  offer  2  years  warranty.  our  state  of  the  art  rd  facility  continues  to  keep  our  product  capabilities  at  the  leading  edge  of  the  industry,  with  features  such  as  ,  universal  interchangeability  with  sensors  from  other  leading  manufacturers,  and  an  industryunique  proximity  sensor  calibration
__label__environmentmonitoring circuit  that  allows  field  linearization  for  any  manufacturers  probe  and  extension  cable  combination.  our  broad  product  portfolio  includes  equipment  certified  by  csa  and  atex  for  use  in  hazardous  areas  and  products  specifically  designed  to  withstand  harsh  and  corrosive  environments.  all  of  this  comes  with  pvtvms  strong  commitment  to  providing  world  class  products  and  outstanding  customer  service  while  offering  we  have  machine  condition  monitoring  consultants  near  you.  let  us  help  you  as  we  have  helped  others  keep  their  machines  up  and  running  thank  you  for  considering  we  look  forward  to  helping  you  achieve  optimal  performance  goals  for  your  manufacturing  and  machinery
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring.  we  pride  ourselves  on  the  strength  and  reliability  of  our  hardware  and  software  to  keep  your  machine  running  at  all  times.  email  us:  call  us:  cost  effective  vibration  solutions  address:  vibravista  llc  10200  w.  airport  blvd,  suite  170  stafford,  tx  77477  usa
__label__environmentmonitoring has  launched  what  it  believes  is  the  worlds  smallest  seismic  sensor  to  trigger  the  shutdown  of  potentially  hazardous  or  easily  damaged  systems  in  the  event  of  an  earthquake.  the  d75  is  specifically  designed  for  the  growing  number  of  autonomous  iot  systems  by  providing  high  precision  measurement  of  spectral  intensity.  this  allows  it  to  reject  impulse  vibration  noise  and  only  respond  to  genuine  seismic  activity.  the  surface  mountable  module  measures  9.8  x  10.9mm  and  includes  its  own  internal  memory  and  i2c  interface,  allowing  it  to  be  readily  integrated  into  iot  devices.  potential  applications  include  smart  electricity  and  gas  meters,  wireless  sensors,
__label__environmentmonitoring industrial  control  panels,  electricity  distribution  panels,  fireprevention  systems,  home  appliances  such  as  heaters  and  gas  stoves,  chemical  plants,  expressways,  bridges,  tunnels,  roads  and  many  more.  the  low  power  consumption  of  just  90  microamps  standby  and  300  microamps  when  processing,  allows  the  d7s  to  be  readily  integrated  into  battery  powered  systems.  earthquakes  are  extremely  common  around  the  world.  on  average,  50  earthquakes  strike  each  day,  or  about  20,000  a  year,  said  fabrizio  petris,  senior  business  development  manager  of  omron  electronic  components  europe.  many  are  weak  enough  to  go  unnoticed  but  some  are  catastrophic.  we  cant  always  predict  when  a  catastrophe  will
__label__environmentmonitoring strike.  using  the  new  sensor,  designers  can  make  systems  safer  and  minimise  the  risk  of  secondary  damage  after  earthquakes  by  safely  shutting  off  and  stopping  hazardous  devices.  the  sensor  can  also  help  determine  damage  by  mapping  seismic  intensity  and  providing  building  collapse  information.  a  key  feature  of  the  sensor  is  its  ability  to  distinguish  between  genuine  seismic  activity  from  an  earthquake  or  from  some  other  source.  when  an  earthquake  strikes,  the  d7s  uses  omrons  spectral  intensity  si  value  calculation  algorithms  to  distinguish  between  seismic  activity  and  other  movement.  the  sensor  includes  a  3axis  accelerometer,  and  on  the  basis  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring our  now  have  an  added  function  of  structural  monitoring  earthquakes,  building  cracks,  abnormal  vibration  etc.  this  is  to  the  existing  detectors  such  as  indoor  air  quality,  co2  levels,  ambient  light,  volatile  organic  compounds  etc.  the  ip  65  modules  are  integrated  on  a  mesh  network  to  ensure  longer  range  within  buildings,  and  failsafe  data  transmission  on  to  the  gateway  devices  for  data  visualisation  and  data  analytics.  the  data  can  also  be  pushed  on  to  a  or  bms  systems  for  shutting  odd  and  stopping  hazardous  equipment  with  their  high  detection  accuracy,  our  structural  monitoring  sensor  modules  help  with  measures  to  prevent  secondary
__label__environmentmonitoring damage  after  earthquakes  in  a  variety  of  settings.  as  an  index,  the  si  value  has  a  higher  correlation  with  the  seismic  intensity  scale  of  japan  than  the  maximum  acceleration  does.  this  makes  it  possible  to  make  judgments  that  accurately  reflect  structural  damage.  mapping  the  seismic  intensity  and  building  collapse  information,  the  integrated  vibration  sensor  communications  enable  the  collection  of  earthquake  information  to  map  damage  conditions  by  area.creating  suitable  restrictions  for  traffic  within  buildings.  the  all  in  a  box  solution  comes  with  appropriate  sensor  modules,  power  cables,  gateway  device,  ,  plugins  for  modbus  and  bms  integration  and  api  for  cloud  enablement.
__label__environmentmonitoring call  us  to  know  more  about  our  environment  structural  variation  alert  solutions.  ripples  iot  pte  ltd.  is  the  latest  addition  to  the  sa  group  of  companies.  with  established  ips  in  industrial  automation,  supply  chain  logistics  healthcare  verticals,  we  have  catered  to  the  it  requirements  of  organisations  like  mastercard,  asia  pacific  breweries,  zf  wind  power,  henkel,  eha  etc.  level  6,  vanguard  campus,  1  kallang  jct.  65  3138  1766,  65  65  9837  8980  156,  27th  cross,  6th  block  jayanagar.  91  9995  902  156  particle  roadshow  2019,  boston  wbii  2019,  den  haag  dell  embedded  edge  2019,  thailand  dell  embedded  edge  2019,  malaysia
__label__environmentmonitoring monfri,  9am  to  12pm  and  1pm  to  5pm  u.s.  mountain  time:  303  2840979  skill  level:  beginner  december  07,  2010  not  every  project  you  create  is  destined  for  greatness.  or  success.  or  even  completion.  sometimes  you  .  sometimes  your  project  might  be  a  success  but  provide  an  underwhelming  result.  this  is  the  story  of  such  a  project.  where  i  live  had  a  this  year.  and,  no,  none  of  my  projects  caused  the  earthquake.  while  some  areas  had  significant  property  damage  there  was  no  loss  of  life  directly  attributed  to  the  earthquake.  after  an  earthquake  of  this  magnitude,  smaller  but  still  noticeable
__label__environmentmonitoring aftershocks  can  continue  for  weeks  or  months.  as  of  midnovember  there  had  been  over  3000  aftershocks.  following  the  main  earthquake  and  aftershocks,  became  a  popular  destination  to  find  out  the  magnitude  of  events  and  view  the  images  generated  from  the  .  this  is  one  of  the  images  generated  from  data  recorded  from  one  seismograph  drum  during  the  magnitude  4.7  and  4.9  earthquakes  i  describe  later  in  this  post:  one  day  i  started  pondering  whether  it  would  be  possible  to  use  an  accelerometer  to  detect  some  of  the  aftershocks  when  they  occurred.  i  had  read  about  the  project  which  distributes  usb
__label__environmentmonitoring connected  accelerometers  for  detection  and  research.  but,  hey,  we  like  to  make  things  ourselves  here,  dont  we?  unfortunately  when  the  idea  first  occurred  to  me  i  didnt  have  any  accelerometers  and  by  the  time  i  organized  delivery  most  of  those  three  thousand  aftershocks  had  been  and  gone.  this  was  probably  the  first  sign  the  project  was  not  to  have  a  huge  impact  on  the  world  of  scientific  discovery.  when  deciding  on  the  accelerometer  to  use  i  had  the  choice  of  an  or  an  .  i  decided  to  start  with  the  adxl335  because  its  an  analog  device  which  means  its  easier
__label__environmentmonitoring to  hook  up  and  get  started  with.  the  adxl345  uses  spi  or  i2c  digital  signals  to  communicate  and  because  its  a  3.3v  device  id  need  to  use  some  form  of  to  hook  it  up.  while  the  adxl335  can  also  be  powered  with  3.3v  we  only  receive  information  from  it  so  we  do  not  need  level  conversion.  we  do,  however,  need  to  take  this  lower  maximum  voltage  into  account  when  interpreting  the  values  received.  you  may  well  think  im  making  specific  note  of  this  because  i  forgot  to  take  this  into  account  until  i  started  writing  this  post,  but  i  couldnt
__label__environmentmonitoring possibly  comment.  an  was  my  choice  of  microcontroller  platform  and  it  has  more  than  enough  analog  to  digital  adc  inputs  to  handle  the  three  axis  accelerometer.  it  also  has  a  3.3v  supply  that  can  supply  the  small  amount  of  current  needed  by  the  adxl335.  its  always  nice  when  someone  has  done  the  work  of  figuring  out  how  to  connect  a  device  and  in  this  case  the  wiring  project  had  a  page  demonstrating  .  even  better  is  when  youve  found  someone  has  written  the  code  you  need  to  both  retrieve  the  data  from  the  device  youre  using  and  display  the  data
__label__environmentmonitoring in  a  useful  manner.  in  this  case  the  blog  post  helpfully  had  code  for  the  arduino  to  read  the  accelerometers  and  code  for  to  display  the  readings  in  realtime  on  a  pretty  graph.  i  tried  out  the  code  and  got  some  nice  graphs  when  i  moved  the  accelerometer  around  or  placed  it  on  a  desk  and  thumped  the  desktop.  things  were  going  well.  while  displaying  realtime  graphs  is  nice  if  youre  wanting  to  look  at  data  immediately,  for  earthquake  detection  i  was  wanting  something  different.  most  of  the  time  the  data  youre  receiving  is  uninteresting  all  its  doing  is  indicating
__label__environmentmonitoring no  earthquake  happening  now.  this  means  we  want  some  way  to  store  the  data  so  we  can  go  back  and  extract  just  the  interesting  parts  from  when  an  aftershock  occurs.  my  original  plan  was  to  use  the  to  send  the  accelerometer  data  to  some  place  because  apparently  thats  where  all  the  cool  kids  are  sending  it  these  days.  although  the  cloud  does  have  its  .  is  one  web  site  that  specializes  in  logging  data  from  devices  on  the  .  while  i  was  looking  at  possible  data  logger  options  i  also  discovered  which  apparently  also  enables  you  to  run  your  own
__label__environmentmonitoring instance  of  their  data  logger  application.  it  was  at  this  point  i  realized  i  may  have  a  problem.  the  accelerometer  was  going  to  be  producing  tens  of  readings  per  second  but  as  far  as  i  could  tell  none  of  the  cloudbased  data  loggers  supported  receiving  data  at  this  rate.  i  considered  batching  the  readings  and  uploading  them  once  every  few  minutes  but  again  as  far  as  i  can  tell  none  of  the  services  support  batch  upload  either.  and,  even  if  they  did,  i  would  have  to  deal  with  the  situation  of  working  out  how  to  upload  the  previous  data  while
__label__environmentmonitoring still  logging  the  new  incoming  data.  with  reluctance,  i  decided  to  take  a  new  approach,  as  i  noted  in  my  project  log:  given  the  lowish  likelihood  of  detecting  an  aftershock  and  the  low  likelihood  of  the  building  holding  the  arduino  falling  to  the  ground,  in  the  short  term  it  probably  makes  sense  to  just  record  the  data  to  sd  card  and  retrieve  it  manually.  this  is  less  exciting  but  will  result  in  something  quicker.  while  theres  a  definite  value  in  having  direct  to  the  web  uploading  the  effort  to  create  the  infrastructure  to  support  it  is  probably  not  really  justifiable
__label__environmentmonitoring at  the  moment.  the  provided  an  easy  way  to  record  the  data  as  i  had  already  written  a  simplified  wrapper  library  for  the  great  library  for  another  project.  a  slightly  modified  version  of  this  wrapper  library  will  soon  be  available  as  the  .  after  modifying  a  few  lines  of  the  original  code  it  was  now  writing  the  accelerometer  readings  to  a  microsd  card.  for  power  i  decided  to  use  a  standard  nine  volt  wall  wart  power  supply.  if  i  was  really  worried  about  the  power  going  out  during  a  quake  i  could  have  looked  at  some  form  of  battery  backup
__label__environmentmonitoring but  under  the  kiss  rule  i  left  that  for  another  day.  heres  the  complete  system  wired  up  in  its  fancy  enclosure:  i  wasnt  entirely  sure  where  the  best  place  would  be  to  locate  the  device  originally  i  just  had  it  sitting  on  the  carpet  under  my  desk  but  the  results  from  there  didnt  seem  to  be  very  useful.  i  ended  up  sitting  it  on  a  window  sill  and  just  had  to  hope  it  didnt  get  knocked  around  by  other  people  in  the  office.  since  i  wasnt  using  the  wifly  module  i  didnt  have  an  easy  way  to  get  the  current
__label__environmentmonitoring time  for  each  data  point  i  logged.  a  gps  might  have  been  able  to  get  enough  of  a  lock  for  a  time  signal  but  initially  i  still  wasnt  sure  how  well  the  device  would  work.  once  again  i  took  the  kiss  option  and  just  recorded  the  number  of  milliseconds  since  the  last  reset.  if  i  was  more  organized  i  would  have  noted  the  start  time  somewhere  so  i  could  calculate  points  after  thatbut  apparently  i  wasnt.  once  i  had  everything  connected  up  i  left  it  running  until  the  earth  decided  to  next  move.  from  memory  by  this  stage  aftershocks  had
__label__environmentmonitoring dropped  from  many  a  day  to  one  or  two  a  week.  eventually  a  noticeable  aftershock  occurred  and  when  i  was  next  in  the  office  i  took  a  look  at  the  data.  there  really  wasnt  much  to  see.  even  when  there  was  no  earthquake  the  sensors  would  swing  between  a  couple  of  values  and  there  were  no  significant  outliers.  this  was  when  i  decided  to  try  out  the  window  sill  as  a  better  option.  around  a  week  later,  early  one  sunday  morning  there  was  an  aftershock  followed  by  another  later  in  the  day  around  4.7  and  4.9  in  magnitude.  i  happened
__label__environmentmonitoring to  be  sitting  outside  in  an  armchair  at  the  time  and  the  shocks  were  noticeable  for  a  number  of  seconds.  and,  yes,  i  did  check  it  wasnt  someone  rocking  the  armchair.  the  geonet  image  near  the  beginning  of  the  post  shows  how  one  of  their  seismographs  recorded  these  particular  aftershocks.  it  turns  out  recording  around  twenty  samples  per  second  generates  rather  a  lot  of  data.  in  fact,  about  five  million  rows  in  the  log  files  for  around  a  weeks  worth  of  data.  given  that  your  average  spreadsheet  tops  out  at  a  few  tens  of  thousands  of  rows  i  needed  to
__label__environmentmonitoring find  a  different  way  of  processing  the  data.  i  tried  out  a  few  different  software  packages  but  didnt  have  much  success.  i  ended  up  using  a  combination  of  command  line  tools  cut,  sort  and  uniq  and  to  produce  an  initial  summary:  apart  from  a  couple  of  outliers,  my  data  logger  had  recorded  a  range  of  six  values  from  401  to  407  in  the  zaxis  for  a  4.9  magnitude  quake.  underwhelming,  to  say  the  least.  either  something  wasnt  working  or  my  understanding  of  something  was  wrong.  time  to  do  some  more  reading.  after  some  further  reading  and  some  calculations  it  turns
__label__environmentmonitoring out  that  each  time  the  value  changed  by  one  it  represented  a  fraction  less  than  one  percent  of  the  force  of  gravity.  once  i  discovered  this  i  then  found  some  sites  with  more  information  about  the  relationship  between  peak  ground  acceleration  and  scales.  acceleration  of  12  of  gravity  is  apparently  at  the  point  that  shaking  is  noticeable  .  the  values  i  was  seeing  were  consistent  with  a  or  .  i  was  successfully  detecting  earthquakes.  the  numbers  just  werent  very  impressive.  after  the  massaging  the  data  in  a  spreadsheet  i  could  graph  the  results  for  the  most  intense  period  of  activity
__label__environmentmonitoring about  5  seconds  in  all  their  less  than  awesome  glory:  and  there  you  have  it,  a  successful  if  underwhelming  result  id  probably  try  to  get  an  accelerometer  with  a  narrower  range  which  would  mean  a  higher  resolution  within  that  range.  the  has  a  number  of  options  in  the  /1g  or  /2g  range  which  would  hopefully  be  more  than  enough  for  any  aftershock.  that  means  smaller  movement  could  be  detected.  id  also  take  better  advantage  of  the  existing  range  by  using  the  functionality  to  restrict  the  values  from  0  to  3.3v  thus  improving  the  resolution.  another  option  would  be  to  consider
__label__environmentmonitoring a  higherresolution  adc  than  the  inbuilt  one  but  there  is  a  point  where  especially  since  this  is  all  on  a  breadboard  the  increased  resolution  would  obscured  by  noise.  id  also  work  out  a  way  to  have  a  proper  timestamp  on  each  sample.  have  you  ever  tried  recording  a  natural  phenomenon  like  earthquakes?  how  would  you  process  the  large  amounts  of  data  a  project  like  this  can  generate?  im  not  a  geologist  nor  have  i  developed  many  data  logging  projects,  do  you  have  suggestions  for  how  to  improve  this  project  or  writeup?  got  your  own  story  to  share  about  a  project
__label__environmentmonitoring with  less  than  spectacular  results?  leave  a  comment  and  let  us  know...  or  to  post  comments.  to  post  comments.  it  is  great  by  the  way,  we  have  got  a  case  on  seismology  thru  rpi  as  well  to  learn  the  project  read  our  blog  post  https://goo.gl/tdh9qb  copy  and  past  into  browser  have  you  tried  https://www.iris.edu/hq/programs/educationandoutreach/software/jamaseiswe  have  that  hooked  up  to  our  tc1  and  its  great.  helpif  ricther  scale  formula  is  log  10  data  entry  sensor  how  do  i  implement  it  on  arduino  if  i  use  the  accelerometer  ?  at  the  moment  i  am  using  a  piezoelectric  hello  fellow  kiwi  i  live
__label__environmentmonitoring in  wellington  and  had  a  similar  idea  recently  after  the  earthquakes  centered  near  seddon  which  were  strongly  felt  in  wellington  too  see  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013seddonearthquake.i  connected  a  /  1.5g  accelerometer  to  an  old  arduino  mega  i  had  lying  around,  blutacked  it  to  our  stone  fireplace  in  the  lounge  and  connected  it  via  usb  to  a  laptop  for  both  power  and  so  i  could  use  a  java  program  on  the  laptop  as  a  data  logger.i  was  pretty  chuffed  with  myself,  was  getting  a  sample  rate  of  366  per  second  for  x,  y  and  z  coords.  however,  lots  of  noise  in  the  readings  meant
__label__environmentmonitoring it  was  hard  to  figure  out  if  a  real  quake  was  happening  we  get  heaps  of  small  quakes  here,  just  like  you  guys  do  in  chch  of  course.  plus  of  course,  as  soon  as  i  built  it  no  major  aftershocks  came  for  weeks....i  was  about  to  unplug  but  then  a  few  days  ago  we  had  a  mag  5.1  which  rumbled  through  near  seddon,  which  was  strongly  felt.  i  ran  to  the  laptop  after  checking  the  kids  were  ok...  and  grabbed  the  data  file.  it  was  a  beautiful  trace  of  the  quake  passing  through  my  house.  the  best  thing  i  found
__label__environmentmonitoring was  that  i  could  analyse  a  whole  heap  of  things  by  correlating  the  data  with  the  official  geonet  data.  for  example,  by  checking  the  timing  difference  between  geonet  and  my  accelerometer  you  can  calculate  the  speed  of  the  wave,  calculate  the  peak  acceleration,  velocity  and  distance  your  house  moved  frequency  of  wave  is  also  clearly  determinable  try  fft  command  line  on  linux  to  get  a  fast  fourier  transform  of  the  data.i  have  some  cool  charts  too,  but  cant  figure  out  how  to  upload  them  into  the  comment.  if  anyone  is  interested  in  me  putting  together  a  posting  like  the  article
__label__environmentmonitoring above  reply  to  this  post  and  if  i  get  enough  interest  ill  make  one.however,  just  so  you  know  it  is  possible  to  get  meaningful  data  about  how  your  house  is  impacted  in  an  earthquake  from  very  low  cost  accelerometers  and  an  arduino  :  sweet  im  going  to  try  and  build  this  all  together  to  make  a  logger  for  amusement  park  rides.  im  going  to  be  working  at  a  large  park  this  summer,  so  ill  try  to  get  as  much  data  on  as  many  rides  as  i  can  :  im  brand  new  to  the  world  of  arduino  but  im  a  programmer
__label__environmentmonitoring used  to  dealing  with  large  datasets.  i  live  next  to  a  steel  factory  and  am  interested  in  building  a  seismograph  to  measure  the  weekly  rumblings  coming  from  the  plant.  with  regards  to  getting  high  volumes  of  data  to  a  server,  i  was  recently  playing  with  a  gaming  server  framework  called  photon  http://www.exitgames.com/.  it  basically  is  a  soceket  server  that  can  listen  to  high  volumes  of  data  per  second  think  about  the  amount  of  data  transfer  needed  to  allow  massively  multiplayer  online  games.  anyway,  it  would  be  possible  to  send  some  data  to  a  server  in  this  manner  though  i  still
__label__environmentmonitoring have  no  idea  yet  how  data  makes  its  way  from  your  arduino  device  to  the  outside  world...still  learning.  r  would  you  recommend  an  accelerometer  to  measure  vibrations  from  cars  passing  an  object  on  the  ground?  what  would  be  a  good  range?  this  is  a  really  neat  project.  i  think  ive  been  inspired  to  create  something  ill  probably  have  to  let  sit  for  a  couple  of  years  before  i  catch  anything.  its  a  shame,  there  was  an  earth  quake  just  a  few  months  ago.  a  few  things  i  would  do  differently  and  add  that  havent  been  mentioned:  i  would  think  mounting
__label__environmentmonitoring the  project  to  a  sturdy  base  would  be  important,  say,  the  bolting  it  to  the  basement  floor?  a  c  email  client  that  uses  my  gmail  to  forward  alerts  via  text  message  if  the  project  senses  anything  ive  told  it  i  care  about.  a  small  ups,  maybe  just  a  lipo?  how  disappointing  would  it  be  if  a  9  richter  came  along  and  tore  the  power  lines  down  and  i  missed  all  the  after  shocks  data  management.  i  probably  wouldnt  want  a  million  0s  to  be  stored,  i  would  still  sample  at  a  high  rate,  but  maybe  only  store  a  snap  shot
__label__environmentmonitoring every  couple  of  minutes  until  an  abnormal  reading  occurred  and  then  store  continuously  until  24  hours  of  normal  activity  passes.  say  i  use  three  stations  as  orcinus  suggested,  perhaps  integrate  an  algorithm  to  calculate  the  epicenter  on  the  fly  and  have  it  sent  to  my  phone.  that  would  be  neat.  but  wouldnt  i  need  four  stations  to  calculate  the  depth  of  the  epicenter?  anybody  have  ideas  to  add  to  that?  i  first  used  the  adxl345  with  my  first  seismometer.  the  sensitivity  was  okay.  my  next  revision  uses  the  bma180  accelerometer,  which  seems  to  have  noticeably  less  noise.  i  have  the
__label__environmentmonitoring data  sent  from  the  arduino  to  my  low  power  computer,  and  it  writes  the  data  to  its  hard  drive.  it  zips  the  data  inline  with  java.  the  old  one  recorded  at  200hz,  and  the  latest  one  records  at  150hz.  my  java  graphing  program  can  do  a  lot  more  analysis  than  the  arduino.  the  200hz  compressed  data  is  about  23mb  of  data  per  day,  but  the  generated  pictures  is  about  75kb.  my  current  adxl345  based  seismometer  has  only  been  able  to  noticeable  and  correctly  record  one  4.1  earthquake.  details  and  results  can  be  found  here:  http://www.centralnexus.com/seismograph/  great  article  i  found  this
__label__environmentmonitoring because  i  noticed  the  referral  traffic  to  nimbits.com  im  the  architect  behind  nimbits  data  logger.  id  like  to  try  to  address  the  limitations  of  having  x  number  of  readings  per  second,  and  getting  that  data  into  the  cloud.  app  engine  1.4  sdk  just  came  out  that  claims  to  have  a  real  time  api  connection.  im  playing  around  with  that.  if  i  can  help  you  with  this  project,  please  let  me  know.  cool  stuffbr  /  br  /  benbr  /  www.nimbits.com  br  /  couldnt  you  mechanically  amplify  the  data  by  putting  the  sensor  on  a  long  pole  or  stick?  not  sure  how
__label__environmentmonitoring you  would  calibrate  any  of  the  home  devices  couldnt  you  mechanically  amplify  the  data  by  putting  the  br  /  sensor  on  a  long  pole  or  stick?br  /  br  /  perhaps,  but  the  challenge  would  then  be  complicated  by  the  additional  harmonic  resonances  caused  by  the  mechanical  apparatus.  this  would  cause  a  variable  sensitivity  of  the  detector  as  plotted  over  frequency.  if  there  was  any  play  in  the  mechanical  system,  it  would  also  introduce  nonlinearity  to  the  sensor  system  which  would  further  corrupt  the  signal  integrity.br  /  br  /  selecting  a  sensor  that  provides  a  higher  signal  to  noise  ratio  to
__label__environmentmonitoring begin  with  will  likely  lead  to  better  results.br  /  br  /  thus  the  recomendation  of  a  geophone  or  similar  sensor.br  /  br  /  they  are  based  on  a  much  larger  reference  mass,  so  for  a  particular  acceleration  on  their  sensitive  axis,  they  will  output  a  much  larger  signal  than  a  mems  based  accelerometer  can.br  /  br  /  hope  this  helps.  if  i  remember  right  the  usgs  was  having  the  inverse  of  the  problem  followr  is  having  back  with  their  data  sets  on  the  last  californias  san  francisco  earth  quake.  they  were  able  to  get  real  fine  detail  with  some  of
__label__environmentmonitoring their  sensors,  but  when  the  big  jolts  came  they  were  missing  out  on  how  big  they  were  if  i  remember  right  they  were  in  the  dark  how  big  things  really  shook  in  real  time.  followr  have  you  tired  contacting  them  and  asking  what  they  have  found  helpful  both  on  compressing  the  signal  and  capturing  the  full  spectrum  of  seismic  signal?  i  know  here  in  washington  state,  the  university  of  washington  seismology  lab  has  answered  many  of  my  questions.  they  might  help  you  in  narrowing  what  works,  plus  i  bet  they  would  be  interested  in  what  youre  trying  to  do.  it
__label__environmentmonitoring would  not  surprise  me  that  they  would  want  something  like  this  project  in  help  monitoring  areas  that  they  normally  cant  monitor.br  /br  /br  /wouldnt  be  funny  if  there  could  be  a  cheap  way  of  setting  up  a  school  network  tied  to  the  internet  around  an  area  like  washington  state  to  monitor  the  cascadian  plate,  or  any  place  earth  quakes  happen.  in  addition,  have  that  data  set  available  to  anyone.  what  would  really  make  this  exciting  is  if  something  like  the  usgs  could  have  some  type  of  cloud  that  was  able  to  store  all  that  data  in  its  full  spectrum  both
__label__environmentmonitoring fine  detail,  and  what  accelerometer  gross  detail  can  show  and  have  it  open  source  so  anyone  can  look  at  it  and  use  the  data.  br  /  see  this  site  for  some  information  on  an  earthquake  monitoring  project.  http://qcn.stanford.edu/br  /  as  bsmithyman  says,  the  key  issue  is  the  frequency  band.  accelerometers  are  way  way  high  up  w/  regards  to  their  freq.  response,  compared  to  a  seismometer/graph.  the  oscillating  mass  they  typically  use  is  tiny,  as  well  as  distances  and  travel  lengths  involved.br  /  br  /  which  gives  me  an  idea...  how  about  using  a  piezo  vibration  sensor  and  tuning  it  in
__label__environmentmonitoring with  an  appropriate  oscillating  mass?  they  also  have  a  much  wider  dynamic  range  than  an  accelerometer  so  would  be  harder  to  overload.  btw,  funny  thing...  ive  got  the  idea  of  using  an  arduino  as  a  makeshift  seismograph  last  night.  talk  about  a  coincidence.br  /  br  /  anywho,  heres  an  upgrade  of  the  idea.br  /  br  /  how  about  installing  two  or  three  of  them  in  multiple  places  across  the  town  home,  work,  friends  place?  with  a  sufficiently  high  base  length  quakes  typically  exhibit  frequencies  between  cca.  0.110hz  so  approx  3km30m  apart  and  a  sync,  you  could  do  some  basic  triangulation
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  epicenter.  yep,  in  fact  if  you  went  with  a  fair  bit  more  dsp  processing  power,  you  could  do  crosscorrelation  of  the  signals  and  filter  based  on  azimuth,  for  example.  an  example  with  data  from  new  zealand:  http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi10.1.1.70.6544reprep1typepdfbr  /  or  another  using  the  usarray  deployment  in  the  western  us:br  /  http://ciei.colorado.edu/ambientnoise/  the  issue  is  partly  one  of  sensitivity  like  ericmontreal  says  above  and  partly  one  of  bandwidth.  accelerometers  are  nowhere  near  as  sensitive  to  lowfrequency  signals  as  even  a  midband  geophone,  so  youre  only  going  to  get  the  spiky  highfrequency  portion  of  the  signal.br  /  br  /  id  suggest
__label__environmentmonitoring taking  a  look  on  places  like  used  equipment  suppliers;  try  to  find  a  seismograph  or  geophone  with  a  1  hz  lowpass  or  lower.  the  output  will  be  a  signal  you  can  amplify  and  measure  with  an  adc,  and  the  size  and  weight  will  be  sufficient  to  keep  it  a  bit  more  stable.  if  you  want  to  get  really  serious,  you  could  talk  to  gns  science  and  see  if  they  have  anything  used  that  theyre  looking  to  get  rid  of  http://www.gns.cri.nz/.  theyve  got  offices  in  wellington  and  dunedin  among  others.  a  real  seismograph  is  much  more  sensitive  than  a  regular  accelerometer
__label__environmentmonitoring and  its  sensing  mass  is  much  higher.  no  matter  how  precise  the  adc  is,  movements  will  be  well  below  the  noise  floor  of  the  accelerometer.  its  a  bit  like  trying  to  do  a  biology  analysis  with  a  magnifier  instead  of  a  microscope.  i  just  added  a  similar  comment  to  the  news  post,  but:br  /  br  /  theres  a  really  good  diagram  illustrating  how  seismographs  compare  to  accelerometers  that  i  didnt  include  in  the  tutorial.br  /  br  /  ive  got  a  screenshot  of  it  here:  http://is.gd/ioimjbr  /  br  /  the  diagram  comes  from  a  paper  using  microelectromechanical  systems  mems  accelerometers  for
__label__environmentmonitoring earthquake  monitoring  available  at  http://www.aees.org.au/articles/pascalemems.pdf  about  us  help  programs  community  in  2003,  cu  student  nate  seidle  fried  a  power  supply  in  his  dorm  room  and,  in  lieu  of  a  way  to  order  easy  replacements,  decided  to  start  his  own  company.  since  then,  sparkfun  has  been  committed  to  sustainably  helping  our  world  achieve  electronics  literacy  from  our  headquarters  in  boulder,  colorado.  no  matter  your  vision,  sparkfuns  products  and  resources  are  designed  to  make  the  world  of  electronics  more  accessible.  in  addition  to  over  2,000  open  source  components  and  widgets,  sparkfun  offers  curriculum,  training  and  online  tutorials  designed  to  help  demystify  the
__label__environmentmonitoring x  1  713  8376556  if  there  is  a  machine  protection  or  vibration  monitoring  product  you  dont  see,  please  contact  us.  email  us:  call  us:  cost  effective  vibration  solutions  address:  vibravista  llc  10200  w.  airport  blvd,  suite  170  stafford,  tx  77477  usa
__label__environmentmonitoring x  1  713  8376556  pvtvm  discussing  vibration  analysis  trends  with  mr.  guerrero  and  mr.  de  freitas  and  others  of  petrobras.  visit  us  sept  18  20  2018  proud  contributer  for  the  last  13  years  at  turbomachinery  pump  symposium,  engaging  with  mechanical  engineers,  reliability  team  leads,  plant  managers  from  across  hemispheres.  looking  forward  to  see  you  again  at  our  booth  1410  september  1820,  2018  houston,  tx  george  r.  brown  convention  center  show  dates:  sept  13  15,  2016  george  r  brown  convention  center,  houston  texas  usa.  booth  2906  sept  13  15,  2016  may  24  27  2016  show  dates:  may  24  27  2016  convention
__label__environmentmonitoring center,  san  antonio,  texas  u.s.a.  we  showed  a  new  sample  pvt60  with  all  latest  features,  and  mr.  yavor  todorov,  as  our  new  engineer  with  full  experience  in  vibration  system,  demonstrated  a  working  model  of  rotor  kit,  equipped  with  dtm  for  vibration  monitoring  and  connected  to  pcm360dw  for  data  analysis.  feb  24  25  2016  sep  14  17  2015  show  dates:  sep  14  17  2015  george  r.brown  convention  centerhouston,texas.  check  out  the  new  product  exhibitions  show  dates:  113th,july.2014  our  company  succeeded  in  holding  the  training  seminar  in  germany.  the  seminar  was  scheduled  to  last  from  july  11th  to  july  13th  at  nuremberg,
__label__environmentmonitoring germany.  the  lecturer  is  yasir  majeed  who  is  the  engineer  of  our  company.  he  did  a  splendid  presentation  about  the  new  products  to  the  distributors  from  europe,  the  middle  east  and  africa.  he  highlighted  characteristics  and  operating  principles  of  our  new  six  channel  monitoring  unit  expandable  pvt60.  in  addition,  distributors  were  fully  prepared  for  this  seminar  and  got  involved  in  it  actively.  the  distributors  further  commanded  the  expertise  and  our  products.  whats  more,  the  cooperation  relationship  between  our  company  and  the  distributors  was  enhanced  by  this  seminar,  which  would  be  beneficial  for  the  development  in  europe,  the  middle  east  and
__label__environmentmonitoring africa.  july  1  13th  2014  may  21  22nd  2014  show  dates:  2122th,may.2014  good  job  performance  eine  by  bahrmann.  show  dates:  oct  1  3rd  2013  location:george  r.brown  convention  centerhouston,texas.  on  this  trade  show,  we  exhibited  the  latest  equipment  and  made  the  vivid  product  demonstration  oct  1  3rd  2013  2013  show  dates:  19th  july  2013  summit  2013  on  october  8th  9th  2013.  the  event  is  taking  place  at  the  pavilion  conference  center  in  cape  town,  south  africa,  which  featuring  over  40  top  level  speakers  including.  this  is  a  unique  opportunity  to  meet  african  energy  ministers  and  oil  gas  companies  in  cape  town
__label__environmentmonitoring for  a  twoday  strategic  conference  exhibition.  the  summit  will  assess  the  latest  developments,  strategies  and  opportunities  in  exploration  production  for  the  entire  african  continent.  and  there  will  be  some  extensive  networking  opportunities  with  energy  ministries  and  oil  gas  companies  from  across  africa,  there  international  companies  will  meet  senior  level  decision  makers  from  africas  oil  and  gas  industry.  looking  forward  to  your  attending,  and  see  you  there,  we  will  have  a  nice  meeting.  show  dates:oct  16  18th  visit  our  booth  2013  show  dates  oct  27  28th  2012  show  dates:27th28th,oct.2012  show  dates:22th26th,nov.2011  booth:hall  1/d.5.4  venue:international  fairgrounds  of  casablanca  11,rue  boukraexjulesmauran,morocco  booth:  hall
__label__environmentmonitoring 1/d.5.4  show  dates:28th29th,may  2010  show  dates:28th  29th,  may  2010  location:hotel  four  points  by  sheraton,vashi,navi  mumbai,india  show  dates:16th18th,mar.2010  location:george  r.brown  convention  center,houston,tx  16th18th  mar  2010  7th11st,feb.2010  show  dates:7th11st,feb.2010  location:the  westin  galleria  5060  west  alabama  houston,texas  77056  show  dates:9th11th  feb.2010  location:dubai  international  exhibition  centre,stand  number  1f10  9th11th  feb.2010  contact  your  local  distributor  for  the  certification.  congratulations  are  in  order.  we  have  successfully  achieved  the  atex  ectype  certificate  for  vibration  switch  vs102,pt500,pt580  please  contact  your  local  distributor  for  the  certification.  show  dates:november  2527,2009  venue:plaza  mayor,medelln,colombia  november  2527,2009  september  15th17th  2009  show  dates:september  15th17th  2009  location:george  r.brown  convention  center  houston,texasprovibtech  booth236  our  certification  center
__label__environmentmonitoring is  glad  to  announce  that  most  of  our  vibration  products  have  got  russia  metrological  certificate.  pt2060,dtm,trs,probes,etc.  it  testifies  that  the  pattern  of  measuring  instruments  conforms  to  the  applicable  standards  and  is  approved  for  use  in  the  russia  territory.  please  contact  your  local  distributor  for  the  certification.  india  habitat  centre,  new  delhi  seminar  date:  24th  and  25th  april  2009.  venue:  india  habitat  centre,  new  delhi  show  dates:12th  16th  feb.  2009  location:  bombay  exhibition  centre,  nse  complex,  goregaon,  mumbai,  india.  provibtech  booth  g47  provibtech  booth  g47  provibtech  booth  30  with  distributor  b.a.i.c.s  industrial  consultation  services  co.  show  dates:  19th  21st  january  2009
__label__environmentmonitoring location:  gulf  international  convention  exhibition  centre  in  kingdom  of  bahrain  provibtech  booth  30  with  distributor  b.a.i.c.s  industrial  consultation  services  co.  provibtech  inc  usa  with  turbomech  thailand  dates:  19th  21st  nov.2008  location:  golden  city  rayong  hotel,thailand  provibtech  inc  usa  with  turbomech  provibtech  provibtech  pvts  october  product  training  took  place  in  munich,germany  with  attendees  from  europe,middle  east  and  africa.  the  featured  product  was  pcm360  condition  management  system.  pvt  appreciates  all  those  that  attended  and  looks  forward  to  future  meetings.  reliant  center  in  houston,tx.  pvt  booth2405  oct.1416.  show  dates:  september  25th28th  2008  location:  nse  complex,  goregaon  e  in  mumbai,  india.  provibtech  stall  no.e71;
__label__environmentmonitoring show  dates:  june  23th26th  2008  location:  colonial  williamsburg  hotel  in  williamsburg,  virginia.  provibtech  table  12.  show  dates:  june  17th19th  2008  location:  palacio  de  eventos  de  venezuela,  hotel  crowne  plaza  antiguo  maruma  in  maracaibo,  venezuela.  provibtech  booth  267  with  distributor  tecvimeca.  show  dates:  june  18th19th  2008  location:  centara  grand  in  bangkok,  thailand.  provibtech  stall  no.25;  show  dates:  april  2829  2008  location:  abu  dhabi,  united  arab  emirates.  show  dates:  april  2124  2008  location:  hannover,  germany.  provibtech  booth  k07  in  hall  6.  show  dates:  april  2124  2008  location:  george  r.  brown  convention  center  houston,  texas  provibtech  booth  438  show  dates:  april  21st23rd  2008
__label__environmentmonitoring location:  oman  international  exhibition  centre  show  dates:  april  6th8th  2008  location:  jubail  industrial  city,  kindgom  of  saudi  arabia  show  dates:  april  0305  2008  location:  stall  no.  1034  a  pragati  maidan,  new  delhi,  india  show  dates:  february  5th  2008  location:  the  westin  galleria  houston,  texas  table  26  provibtech  along  with  brazilian  distributor,  empresas  abreu  e  oliveira  will  have  booth  66.  show  dates:  november  2930,  2007.  a  major  gas  oil  exposition  conference,  in  new  delhi.  stall  no.  1013  of  hall  no.  10.  pragati  maidan  exhibition  centre  new  delhi,  india  opening  hours:  10am  to  6pm  show  dates:  october  31st  to  november  2nd  2007
__label__environmentmonitoring 3rd  algeria  electricity  expo  2007;  show  dates:  october  2931,  2007.  provibtech  products  will  be  presented  by  our  canadian  distributor,  spectrum  instruments,  in  booth  numbers  17  18.  show  dates:  october  2426,  2007.  come  join  us  in  saint  john,  new  brunswick  for  the  show  come  see  us  at  the  36th  turbomachinery  symposium  at  booth  751,  sept.  1113  where  we  will  have  our  pt2060  monitor  and  software  displayed  along  with  all  vibration  switches,  sensors,  the  dtm  and  more  congratulations  to  mexico  distributor,  tmv,  on  the  success  of  their  booth  displaying  predictech  products  at  the  reliability  world  tradeshow  in  leon,  mexico  provibtech  and  its
__label__environmentmonitoring distributor,  abreau  e  oliveira,  will  have  a  booth  at  the  faminas  show  in  brazil  from  july  8th  14th  come  see  us  at  the  vibration  institutes  2007  national  technical  training  symposium  and  31st  annual  meeting  from  june  1922,2007  at  the  menger  hotel  in  san  antonio,txtable16  considerations  for  sensor  selection  installationandhow  to  avoid  the  pittfalls  of  proximity  probe  applicationsare  the  topics  for  provibtechs  presentation  at  10:00  am  on  tuesday,  march  27th.  also,  stop  by  provibtechs  distributor,spectrum  instruments,booth  at  the  showshow  dates:march  2629th.  vibration  switches,api670  monitor,distributive  transmitter  monitors,proximity  probe  systems,transmitters,handheld  vibration  meters  and  more  to  view  at  the  provibtech  booth633at  the  23rd  international
__label__environmentmonitoring pump  users  symposium  in  houston,tx  from  march  58  congratulations  on  the  success  of  provibtechs  worldwide  salesservice  conference  more  than  30  distributors  and  sales  representatives  attended  this  conference.  everybody  was  excited  about  provibtechs  new  monitor  systems  and  wide  line  of  products.  provibtech  is  glad  to  announce  that  spectrum  instrument  has  joined  the  provibtech  team  as  the  distributor  for  canada.  december  5  7,  daytona  beach  florida,  booth  408  october  25  27,  2006  in  montreal,  canada,  booth  8  october  2  4,  2006  in  oklahoma  city,  oklahoma,  booth  401  provibtech  will  be  in  booth  number  144  at  the  35th  turbomachinery  symposium  hosted  by  texas
__label__environmentmonitoring am  university  at  the  george  r.  brown  convention  center  in  houston,  tx  from  september  2528th.  in  addition,  provibtech  will  do  a  presentation  titled,  world  class  vibration  monitoring  solutions,  on  wednesday  the  27th  at  4:45pm  at  the  symposium.  the  pt2060  rack  monitor  is  provibtechs  top  of  the  line  monitoring  system.  the  pt2060  is  designed  for  protection  of  critical  machinery.  the  pt2060  has  up  to  56  channels  that  can  be  programmed  to  measure  vibration,thrust,speed,temperature  etc.  the  pt2060  is  a  modular  type  monitoring  system.  each  module  has  4  channels  and  each  channel  can  reach  triple  redundancy.  provibtech  held  a  training  in  harbin  turbine
__label__environmentmonitoring on  june  2nd.  mr.quentin  bach  gave  a  presentation  about  the  new  productrack  monitor  pt2060.  provibtech  is  glad  to  announce  that  vibravista  llc  has  been  selected  as  the  master  distributor  for  north,central,and  south  america  and  the  cis  territoryformer  soviet  union.  email  us:  call  us:  cost  effective  vibration  solutions  address:  vibravista  llc  10200  w.  airport  blvd,  suite  170  stafford,  tx  77477  usa
__label__environmentmonitoring seismic  vibrationinstrumentation  isused  to  measure  structural  vibrationon  bearing  housings,  piping,  machinery  housings,  and  machine  support  structures.  it  is  particularly  suitable  formachinery  with  rollingelement  bearings.  these  types  of  bearings  will  generally  transmit  both  shaftand  bearingrelated  vibration  to  the  outside  of  the  machine  where  it  can  be  detected  by  seismic  measurements.  seismic  sensors  provide  a  dynamic  ac  signal  output  in  mv/g  or  mv/in/sec.devices  with  this  type  of  output  are  generally  intended  for  connection  to  astandalone  vibration  monitoring  system  rather  than  general  automation  and  control  instrumentation  like  a  plc  or  dcs.metrix  offers  seismic  sensors  with  a  wide  variety  operating  temperatures,  frequency  responses,  scale
__label__environmentmonitoring factors,  case  materials,  connector  types,  mounting  options,  and  hazardous  area  approvals.  seismic  transmitters  provide  a  420ma  dc  signal  output  proportional  to  the  vibration  amplitude,  and  are  ideal  for  applications  where  a  plc,  dcs,  or  other  automation  system  will  be  used  instead  of  a  standalone  vibration  monitor.  metrix  offers  seismic  transmitters  with  a  wide  variety  operating  temperatures,  frequency  responses,  scale  factors,  case  materials,  connector  types,  mounting  options,  and  hazardous  area  approvals.  seismic  signal  conditioners  are  designed  to  acceptan  inputfrom  and  provide  power  to  a  seismic  sensor.  theyconvert  the  signal  to  a  proportional420ma  dc  signal  that  can  be  used  as  an  input
__label__environmentmonitoring to  process  control  instrumentation  such  as  aplc  ordcs.  they  provide  additional  convenience  features  such  as  optional  displays,  bnc  connectors  for  access  to  the  dynamic  sensor  signal,  and  bandpass  filtering.  metrix  offers  seismic  signal  conditioners  that  can  accept  either  acceleration  or  velocity  sensors,  and  are  available  with  or  without  an  integral  display.  seismic  accessories  include  bushings,  mounting  adapters,  junction  boxes,  conduit  fittings,  cable  assemblies,  and  other  items  used  when  installing  sensors,  transmitters,  and  signal  conditioners.  these  accessories  provide  enviromental  protection  from  dust,  moisture,  and  corrosion,robust  mechanical  protection  from  the  rigors  of  industrial  use,  and  facilitateprofessional  installation  where  wiring  can  be  properly
__label__environmentmonitoring open  access  is  an  initiative  that  aims  to  make  scientific  research  freely  available  to  all.  to  date  our  community  has  made  over  100  million  downloads.  its  based  on  principles  of  collaboration,  unobstructed  discovery,  and,  most  importantly,  scientific  progression.  as  phd  students,  we  found  it  difficult  to  access  the  research  we  needed,  so  we  decided  to  create  a  new  open  access  publisher  that  levels  the  playing  field  for  scientists  across  the  world.  how?  by  making  research  easy  to  access,  and  puts  the  academic  needs  of  the  researchers  before  the  business  interests  of  publishers.  we  are  a  community  of  more  than  103,000
__label__environmentmonitoring authors  and  editors  from  3,291  institutions  spanning  160  countries,  including  nobel  prize  winners  and  some  of  the  worlds  mostcited  researchers.  publishing  on  intechopen  allows  authors  to  earn  citations  and  find  new  collaborators,  meaning  more  people  see  your  work  not  only  from  your  own  field  of  study,  but  from  other  related  fields  too.  brief  introduction  to  this  section  that  descibes  open  access  especially  from  an  intechopen  perspective  want  to  get  in  touch?  contact  our  london  head  office  or  our  team  is  growing  all  the  time,  so  were  always  on  the  lookout  for  smart  people  who  want  to  help  us  reshape  the
__label__environmentmonitoring world  of  scientific  publishing.  open  access  peerreviewed  chapter  by  jerzy  filipiak  and  grzegorz  steczko  doi:  10.5772/55445  downloaded:  2631  address  all  correspondence  to:  doi:  10.5772/55445  edited  by  marco  g.  beghi  mechanical  vibrations  are  a  movement  of  particles  around  the  state  of  equilibrium  in  a  solid  environment.  vibrations  are  a  common  phenomenon  in  our  daily  life.  these  vibrations  are  often  parasite  effects  threatening  our  existence.  vibrations  of  the  ground,  machines,  or  a  number  of  technical  devices  present  a  process,  which  require  a  continuous  or  a  longterm  monitoring.  in  many  sectors  vibrations  are  a  working  factor  in  a  production  process.  mechanical  vibrations  serve
__label__environmentmonitoring as  a  source  of  information  in  medicine,  diagnostics  of  the  structure  of  many  machines  and  in  perimeter  protection  monitoring.  the  knowledge  of  vibration  parameters  allows  evaluating  the  technical  condition  of  machines,  the  quality  of  their  design  and  manufacture  and  their  reliability.  early  detection  of  ground  vibrations  serves  to  predict  and  warn  of  earthquakes.  ground  vibrations  serve  to  monitor  explosions  and  are  used  in  the  reflexive  seismology  prospecting  for  mineral  deposits.  detection  of  ground  vibrations  in  systems  of  perimeter  protection  allows  detecting  an  intrusion  into  an  area  under  surveillance.  mechanical  vibrations  are  characteristic  for  their  differing  frequencies  and  amplitude.  the  frequency
__label__environmentmonitoring of  mechanical  vibrations  ranges  usually  from  a  hundredth  of  hz  to  a  dozen  or  so  khz.  parameters  of  mechanical  vibrations  are  measured  with  vibration  sensors.  at  present  practically  three  types  of  seismic  sensors  are  used:  geophones,  piezoelectric  acceleration  sensors,  micromechanical  silicone  acceleration  sensors.  geophones  belong  to  the  simplest  and  most  inexpensive  vibration  sensors.  they  feature  a  low  mechanical  resonance  frequency,  which  ranges  usually  between  4hz  and  14hz.  they  are  used  in  mining,  for  safety  perimeter  protection  and  in  the  reflexive  seismology  figure  1.  reflexive  seismology  and  geophones  1  micro  mechanical  silicone  acceleration  sensors  mems  are  massproduced  and  used  in  many
__label__environmentmonitoring fields  e.g.  deploying  air  bags,  laptops.  they  are  characterised  by  small  dimensions.  due  to  their  miniature  dimensions  their  mechanical  resonance  frequency  is  very  high,  usually  a  dozen  or  so  khz  or  a  few  dozen  khz.  with  piezoelectric  acceleration  sensors  one  can  measure  variable  accelerations.  their  mechanical  resonance  frequency  is  higher  than  that  of  mems.  seismometers  offered  by  merozet  1  portable  broadband  seismometer,  2  very  broadband  seismometer  3  triaxal  seismic  accelerometer.  shows  seismometers  offered  by  merozet:  a  portable  one,  a  wideband  and  a  triaxial  one;  all  these  3  models  are  based  on  and  include  piezoelectric  acceleration  sensors.  vibration  sensors  can  be
__label__environmentmonitoring built  using  sensors  with  the  acoustic  surface  wave  saw.  these  sawbased  sensors  are  used  to  measure  a  number  of  physical  quantities:  gas  concentration  ,  temperature,  pressure  ,  and  mechanical  quantities:  torque  of  a  rotating  shaft  ,  stress  ,  acceleration  and  vibrations  .  all  these  sawbased  sensors  work  on  the  basis  of  measuring  changes  in  the  delay  of  a  surface  wave  due  to  the  impact  of  a  physical  quantity  being  measured  on  its  speed  and  the  propagation  path.  however,  depending  on  the  kind  of  a  measured  physical  quantity,  a  number  of  problems  occur,  which  are  characteristic  for  the  group  of  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring used  for  measuring  that  quantity.  basic  structure  of  a  saw  vibration  sensor  presents  the  idea  of  the  structure  of  an  sawbased  sensor.  the  main  element  of  this  sensor  is  an  anisotropic  plate  of  a  piesoelectric  material.  one  end  of  the  piesoelectric  plate  is  made  fast  to  the  sensor  housing,  while  on  the  other  free  end  a  seismic  mass  can  be  placed.  an  sawdelaying  line  in  the  form  of  a  fourterminalnetwork  is  made  on  the  top  surface  of  the  sensor.  the  movement  of  the  sensor  housing  causes  its  plate  to  vibrate  and  the  sawbased  delaying  line  delay  to  change.  this  is
__label__environmentmonitoring why  the  phase  of  a  high  frequency  signal  passing  thru  such  a  line  changes.  the  magnitude  of  a  signal  pahse  change  will  be  proportional  to  the  change  in  the  delay  of  an  sawbased  delaying  line.  the  presented  sensor  design  presents  three  different  issues,  which  must  be  solved:  modeling  of  the  sensor  mechanical  system,  which  amounts  to  the  description  of  plate  deformations  and  stresses  occurring  in  it.  modeling  of  the  sensor  mechanicalelectrical  converter  delaying  line  with  the  saw,  which  amounts  to  the  description  of  the  change  in  parameters  of  a  delaying  line  with  the  saw  first  of  all  of  the  delay
__label__environmentmonitoring due  to  distortions  and  stresses  in  the  plate  modeling  of  the  electric  circuit  cooperating  with  the  sensor,  which  amounts  to  the  analysis  and  synthesis  of  an  electric  circuit  measuring  the  changes  in  the  delay  of  the  surface  wave  in  a  delaying  line  including  the  saw.  the  work  presents  a  solution  of  the  mentioned  problems,  which  were  further  analysed.  the  work  presents  executed  models  of  sawcomprising  sensors  and  the  results  of  a  study  of  their  parameters.  the  use  of  realised  sensors  in  a  system  of  perimeter  protection  is  described.  the  structure  of  an  sawcomprising  sensor  is  a  combination  of  a  continous
__label__environmentmonitoring system  in  the  form  of  a  piesoelectric,  anisotropic  support  plate  and  a  discrete  system  in  the  form  of  a  concentrated  mass.  in  theory  such  a  system  can  feature  an  infinite  number  of  free  vibration  frequencies.  writing  a  description  of  the  mechanics  of  the  plate  of  an  sawbased  vibration  sensor  is  a  complicated  proces;  what  makes  it  dificult  is  the  tensor  description  of  the  plate  mechanical  properties.  the  knowledge  of  the  value  of  an  attenuation  tensor  viscosity  tensor  poses  a  problem.  therefore  an  analysis  was  conducted,  which  allows  to  simplify  the  sensor  model  presented  in  and  next  as  a  result  of
__label__environmentmonitoring this  analysis  the  movement  of  a  piesoelectric,  anisotropic  plate  with  a  concentrated  mass  was  described  with  the  aid  of  a  discrete  system  of  one  degree  of  freedom.  elastic  and  viscous  properties  of  the  plate  material  were  taken  into  account.  this  model  was  introduced  by  way  of  an  isotropic  descritpion  of  anisotropic  material  properties.  the  model  accuracy  was  evaluated.  explicit  realtionships  between  sensor  plate  movement  parameters  and  its  geometey  and  parameters  describing  its  elastic  an  viscous  properties  were  determined,  thus  a  simple  analysis  and  synthesis  of  the  sensor  plate  movements  were  possible.  the  main  feature  of  the  sensor  mechanical  system  a
__label__environmentmonitoring continous  system  combined  with  a  discrete  one  is  the  occurence  of  pratically  only  one  resonance  frequency.  a  simple  description  of  this  magnitude  by  design  parameters  of  the  system  and  elastic  and  viscous  plate  parameters  allow  a  simple  modelling,  how  these  sensors  function,  and  as  well  to  determine  elastic  and  viscous  parameters  of  a  plate  empirically.  these  parameters  in  the  form  :  an  equivalent  youngs  modulus  and  an  equivalent  material  damping  coefficient  for  a  selected  direction  of  a  piezoelctric  substrate  i.e.  the  direction  of  the  surface  wave  propagation  were  determined  in  works  .  in  available  bibliography  they  are  not  knowen  or
__label__environmentmonitoring utilised.  the  above  considerations  are  presented  in  the  work  .  for  a  full  description  of  the  sawcomprising  vibaration  sensor  designing  process  in  section  2  we  present  a  modelling  process  of  its  mechanical  system.  the  object  of  consideration  has  been  presented  in  .  one  end  of  the  plate  is  stiffly  attached,  and  the  other  is  free  and  without  any  concentrated  mass.  the  piezoelectric  properties  of  sensor  plate  will  be  omitted  in  the  analysis.  the  plate  of  a  vibration  sensor.  the  equation  of  a  movement  of  an  anisotropic  body  with  the  mass  density  is:  the  stress  tensor  ij  depends  on  the  strain
__label__environmentmonitoring tensor  through  hookvoight  equation:  where:  c  ijkl  is  a  elasticity  tensor,  ijkl  is  a  material  damping  tensor,  u  i  is  a  displacement  vector,  the  mathematical  description  of  this  issue  will  be  closed  if  the  initial  and  boundary  conditions  are  added  to  the  aforementioned  equations.  it  is  complicated  to  solve  the  problem.  the  causes  of  the  complications  are  huge  number  of  nonvanishing  modules  of  an  elasticity  and  material  damping  tensor.  the  material  damping  tensor  ijkl  has  an  identical  symmetry  as  the  elasticity  tensor  c  ijkl  .  for  materials  used  in  saw  devices  quartz,  lithium  niobate,  the  value  of  damping  constants  are
__label__environmentmonitoring difficult  to  experimental  verification.  for  higher  class  of  symmetry  of  an  anisotropic  materials,  equations  ,  are  simple.  for  the  isotropic  material  the  elasticity  tensor  has  only  two  independent  components  c  2,  c  ,  c  .  therefore  the  elastic  properties  of  an  isotropic  substance  describe  two  quantities  ,  .  they  are  often  shown  in  form  of  a  youngs  modulus  e  and  a  poisson  ratio  .  the  following  relations  occur  between  quantities  e  ,  ,  and  elasticity  tensor  components  :  the  description  of  viscous  properties  of  an  isotropic  body  done  by  material  damping  tensor  is  analogical.  it  is  usually  described  by  two
__label__environmentmonitoring quantities  :  the  youngs  modulus  e  is  described  as  a  proportion  of  a  longitudinal  stress  to  longitudinal  strain  for  the  direction  of  the  functioning  of  a  stress.  to  describe  the  mechanical  properties  of  anisotropic  materials  taking  into  account  a  particular  direction  of  the  stress  an  effective  youngs  modulus  may  be  used  e  its  magnitude  is  described  by  overt  dependence.  an  exemplary  expression  for  a  inverse  effective  youngs  modulus  for  a  trigonal  unit  lithium  niobate,  quartz  is:  where:  s  ij  is  an  element  of  an  compliance  matrix,  l  j  is  a  cosine  of  an  angle  between  the  chosen  direction  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring axis  j  ,  in  cartesian  coordinates.  the  compliance  matrix  s  ij  is  reverse  to  the  stiffness  elasticity  matrix  c  ij  .  it  is  possible  to  calculate  the  values  of  material  damping  coefficients  in  a  chosen  crystallographic  direction,  too.  the  presented  approach  allows  to  model  the  anisotropic  material  by  the  isotropic  model.  in  a  such  model  the  stresses  are  the  sum  of  elastic  and  dissipative  components:  we  consider  equivalent  isotropic  model  of  cylindrically  bent  plate  .  equation  of  free  vibrations  has  the  form:  where:  mass  density,  h  plate  thickness,  l  plate  length,  equivalent  material  damping  coefficient,  e  e  is  an  equivalent
__label__environmentmonitoring youngs  modulus.  at  the  boundaries  we  have:  the  solution  to  the  boundary  problem  ,  has  the  form:  where:  constants  a  and  are  determined  by  initial  conditions.  the  angular  frequency  of  nondamped  vibrations  is  equal  to:  the  angular  frequency  of  damped  vibrations  is  equal  to:  the  orthonormal  set  of  function  w  eigenfunctions  is  taken  from  .  only  some  elements  in  the  sum  represent  vibrations.  for  n  n  where  n  is  the  greatest  natural  number  for  chich  2/,  the  element  of  sum  represents  very  strongly  dumped  movement  and  there  is  no  resonance  at  this  frequency.  each  of  the  harmonics  n1,2,3  has  part
__label__environmentmonitoring of  energy.  how  great  is  the  part  depends  on  the  unit  normal  vibrations,  ,  wx  and  depends  on  activation.  in  the  paper  a  simplified  model  with  one  degree  of  freedom  was  presented  and  it  is  shown  in  .  it  has  been  used  to  describe  the  dynamics  of  sensor  plate  movement.  it  was  derived  according  to  the  rayleigh  method.  this  method  is  based  on  a  simplified  modeling  of  a  plate  with  the  use  of  an  equivalent  circuit  with  one  degree  of  freedom  which  is  energetically  equivalent.  the  free  end  of  sensor  plate  has  been  taken  as  a  point  of  reduction.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring equivalent  circuit  present  the  equivalent  circuit  of  sensor  plate  with  one  degree  of  freedom.  parameters  in  the  model  are  as  follows  :  where:  b  plate  width  the  model  with  one  degree  of  freedom  has  only  one  resonance  frequency.  the  equation  of  mass  movement  is  as  follows:  the  solution  of  an  equation  for  natural  vibrations:  where:  it  is  analogical  to  the  equation  obtained  with  the  use  of  an  isotropic  model  of  sensor  plate.  comparison  of  the  first  frequency  of  damped  vibrations  of  the  plate  obtained  in  an  isotropic  model  and  the  frequency  of  damped  vibrations  obtained  with  the  use  of  a
__label__environmentmonitoring model  with  one  degree  of  freedom  are  in  fulfils  relation:  first  frequency  of  damped  vibrations  calculated  in  an  isotropic  model  is  0.5  per  cent  lower  than  frequency  calculated  with  the  use  of  a  discrete  model.  this  difference  could  be  smaller  in  case  of  a  sensor  construction  with  the  concentrated  mass  attached  to  the  movable  end  of  the  plate.  that  is  why  the  model  with  one  degree  of  freedom  may  be  used  to  describe  the  movement  of  sensor  plate.  it  allows  relatively  easy  simulation  of  vibrations  of  the  plate  with  the  mass  attached  to  its  movable  end.  free  vibrations  of  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring plate  are  a  definite  as  a  sum  of  damped  harmonic  frequency  vibrations.  but,  in  free  vibration  damped  vibrations  with  first  harmonic  frequency  will  dominate.  the  amplitudes  of  the  superior  harmonic  vibrations  will  be  extremely  small.  as  it  is  shown  in  their  quantity  is  40  db  smaller  than  the  first  harmonic  amplitude.  this  is  the  reason  why  a  model  with  one  degree  of  freedom  has  been  used  to  analyze  the  movement  of  the  plate  with  concentrated  mass.  vibrations  of  the  plate  have  been  activated  by  the  movement  of  the  sensor  casing  yt  .  the  equation  of  movement  is  as  following:  where:
__label__environmentmonitoring r  is  a  ratio  between  seismic  mass  and  mass  of  sensor  plate.  the  solution  of  the  equation  is  a  function:  where:  constants  a  and  are  determined  by  initial  conditions.  relations  between  and  are  as  in  identity  .  in  both  components  of  the  solution  appears  the  following  function:  it  is  a  product  of  a  harmonic  and  damping  exponentially  decay  with  time  function.  the  frequency  of  a  harmonic  function  is  the  resonance  frequency  of  the  unit.  this  function  describes  sensor  impulse  response  and  its  natural  vibrations.  it  is  a  sum  of:  convolution  of  an  impulse  response  of  the  plate  and  the  component
__label__environmentmonitoring of  describing  movement  of  the  sensor  casing,  damped  vibrations  with  the  resonance  frequency  of  a  sensor  plate.  it  will  always  have  a  factor  in  form  of  a  harmonic  function  with  the  frequency  equal  to  the  resonance  frequency  of  sensor  plate  and  with  variable  amplitude.  that  is  why  the  frequency  response  of  sensor  plate  may  be  quantity  identifying  the  sensor.  frequency  response  of  the  sensor  plate  is  the  ratio  of  the  amplitude  of  the  deflection  plate  sensor  to  the  harmonic  amplitude  of  its  case  the  frequency  response  of  the  sensor  plate  calculated  from  the  equation  is  as  follow:  parameters  in  relation
__label__environmentmonitoring depends  on  mechanical  properties  of  the  sensor  plate  material.  the  quantities  of  elastic  and  viscous  parameters  for  quartz  are  shown  in  .  material  parameters  of  quartz.  theoretical  frequency  response  for  plates  made  of  stcut  quartz  with  the  resonance  frequencies  of  22  hz  and  100  hz  are  shown  in  figure  6.  the  most  important  is  that  for  low  frequency  the  frequency  response  has  narrower  band  and  higher  magnitude  so  the  selectivity  of  the  sensor  is  high.  it  decreases  with  increased  resonance  frequency.  theoretical  resonance  characteristics  of  plates  with  resonance  frequencies  of  22  hz  and  100  hz.  the  maximum  value  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring frequency  response  of  the  plate  will  occur  for  .  it  has  been  described  with  the  relationship:  its  value  exceeds  repeatedly  the  value  of  static  deflection.  e.g.,  for  the  resonance  frequency  of  22  hz  it  is  246  times  higher.  maximum  magnitude  of  frequency  response  versus  the  resonance  frequency  of  the  sensor  plate.  the  change  in  maximum  magnitude  of  frequency  response  as  a  function  of  resonance  frequency  of  the  plate  is  shown  in  for  the  resonance  frequency  of  a  plate  of  10hz  the  vibrations  amplitude  multiplication  is  1,600  higher  than  static  deflection.  this  property  may  be  used  to  construct  sensors  with  high
__label__environmentmonitoring sensitivity  level.  but  it  is  necessary  to  answer  one  question  beforehand:  what  is  the  lowest  possible  resonance  frequency  of  a  plate  that  we  can  manufacture?  the  answer  is  accessible  on  the  basis  of  the  described  model  and  the  length  of  available  plates.  the  resonance  frequency  of  sensor  plate  is  described  by  the  relation  .  it  depends  on  plate  length  l  and  on  quantity  of  a  concentrated  mass  r  attached  to  the  free  end  of  sensor  plate.  the  increase  of  the  concentrated  mass  lowers  resonance  frequency  of  the  plate,  simultaneously  increasing  stresses  of  the  plate.  the  influence  of  a  change  of
__label__environmentmonitoring concentrated  mass  on  resonance  frequency  of  the  sensor  plate  is  shown  in  .  the  influence  of  a  change  of  a  concentrated  mass  on  sensor  plate  resonance  frequency.  it  is  visible  that  the  use  of  concentrated  mass  quantities  exceeding  two  times  the  mass  of  the  plate  enables  and  triple  decrease  of  resonance  frequency  of  a  plate.  it  is  the  most  effective  place  to  decrease  the  resonance  frequency  of  a  plate.  continuous  increase  of  a  concentrated  mass  does  not  substantially  decrease  the  resonance  frequency  of  sensor  plate.  the  further  analysis  of  sensor  parameters  will  be  limited  to  such  range  of  concentrated  mass
__label__environmentmonitoring quantities.  the  relationship  between  the  value  of  resonance  frequency  of  a  plate  made  of  stcut  quartz  and  length  of  the  plate  determined  by  three  different  concentrated  mass  values  is  shown  in  .  the  relationship  between  sensor  plate  resonance  frequency  made  of  stcut  quartz  0.5  mm  thick,  and  plate  length  l  and  the  quantity  of  concentrated  mass  r.  from  the  figure  presented  above  may  conclude  that  it  is  relatively  easy  to  create  plates  of  resonance  frequency  form  20  hz  do  4  khz.  for  the  0.5  mm  thick  plates  it  is  necessary  to  use  the  concentrated  mass  up  to  1.5  g.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring relation  between  the  concentrated  mass  and  the  plate  length  is  shown  in  .  the  sensor  impulse  response  presented  by  the  relation  has  a  damped  character.  its  fast  fading  can  impose  an  upper  limit  of  the  resonance  frequency.  the  damping  value  depends  on  the  geometry  of  the  plate  and  the  equivalent  damping  coefficient.  in  order  to  simplify  the  illustration  the  impulse  response  damping  measure  has  been  introduced  as  a  relative  decrease  of  its  quantity  after  one  period.  the  concentrated  mass  quantities  used  in  the  considered  sensor  constructions.  the  relation  of  impulse  response  damping  in  form  of  a  function  of  length  of
__label__environmentmonitoring stcut  quartz  plate  for  three  different  concentrated  mass  values  is  presented  in  .  for  plates  longer  than  40  mm  loaded  by  the  concentrated  mass  equal  to  the  mass  of  the  plate  r  l  the  relative  decrease  of  impulse  response  amplitude  after  the  time  equal  to  its  period  in  form  of  a  function  of  plate  length  for  different  concentrated  mass  quantities  r.  damping  of  free  vibrations  of  the  plate  is  relatively  slow.  the  impulse  response  of  shorter  plates  is  dampened  relatively  fast.  this  is  why  it  seems  to  be  beneficial  to  use  possibly  long  plates  loaded  by  concentrated  mass  equal  to
__label__environmentmonitoring plate  mass.  the  value  of  resonance  frequencies  of  plates  possible  to  manufacture  has  changed.  it  seems  that  the  range  of  resonance  frequency  plates  available  to  use  is  limited  to  the  scope  from  20  hz  to  250  hz.  the  parameters  of  resonance  frequencies  of  the  plates  in  the  aforementioned  range  are  shown  in  .  the  relation  between  resonance  frequency  of  a  sensor  plate  and  plate  length  and  the  value  of  concentrated  mass.  from  the  above  considerations  one  can  draw  a  conclusion  that  working  with  saw  vibration  sensors  one  can  utilise  their  pulse  responses  or  forced  vibrations.  the  sensor  resonance  characteristics  is
__label__environmentmonitoring a  basic  parameter  of  the  first  operation  mode.  on  0.5  mm  thick  quartz  plates  with  a  concentrated  mass  equalling  the  mass  of  a  plate  we  can  achieve  plate  own  vibration  frequencies  from  20  hz  thru  250hz.  in  the  second  operation  mode  the  vibration  sensors  with  saw  will  operate  like  classical  acceleration  sensors.  the  plate  resonance  frequency  should  be  above  the  measuring  range  of  a  sensor.  the  knowledge  of  the  resonance  characteristic  curve  is  required  for  both  sensor  operation  modes.  that  characteristic  can  be  easily  calculated  with  the  aid  of  the  presented  model.  in  the  section  4  we  will  present  experimental
__label__environmentmonitoring examples  of  the  operation  of  a  seismic  vibration  sensor  with  saw,  which  will  enable  to  evaluate  the  precision  of  this  model  and  its  usefulness.  in  order  to  ensure  the  transmission  of  test  and  supply  signals  through  one  coaxial  cable  there  must  be  a  system  at  the  sensor  input  separating  the  test  signal  74mhz  and  supply  signal  12vdc  separator.  at  the  output  there  must  be  a  system  summing  up  the  test  signal  with  a  constant  supply  voltage  adder.  test  signal  high  frequency  after  going  through  saw  delay  line  must  be  amplified  to  input  quantity.  it  will  ensure  loss  compensation  caused  by
__label__environmentmonitoring saw  delay  line.  in  the  entire  line  of  high  frequency  test  signal  74mhz  a  characteristic  impedance  of  50  should  be  retained.  input  and  output  impedance  must  have  the  value  of  50.  shows  the  basic  functional  elements  of  saw  vibration  sensor.  depending  on  the  function  in  the  whole  system  the  following  components  may  be  distinguished:  system  separating  and  summing  up  the  test  and  supply  signals;  systems  adjusting  the  impedance  of  saw  line  to  50;  saw  delay  line;  amplifier  compensating  losses  caused  by  saw  delay  line.  block  diagram  of  saw  vibration  sensor.  the  method  of  making  the  aforementioned  components  will  be  discussed
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  next  section.  a  system  separating  test  and  supply  signals  is  placed  at  the  sensor  input.  a  system  summing  up  these  signals  is  placed  at  the  sensor  output.  shows  a  system  separating  or  summing  up  test  and  supply  signals.  the  system  is  in  a  form  of  a  circulator.  it  is  connected  to  the  line  of  high  frequency  signal  with  a  characteristic  impedance  of  50.  a  point  of  separation  or  summation  of  signals  is  the  place  where  additional  impedance  is  added  to  a  line  of  characteristic  impedance  of  50  by  inductance  l  .  it  may  change  the  characteristic  impedance  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  line  and  be  the  reason  of  signal  reflections.  in  order  to  avoid  this  the  quantity  of  added  impedance  must  be  much  larger  than  line  characteristic  impedance  50.  in  order  to  fulfill  this  requirement  inductance  l  4,7uh  of  its  own  parallel  resonance  frequency  of  74mhz  has  been  chosen.  shows  inductance  equivalent  system  diagram.  system  separating  or  summing  up  test  and  supply  signals.  inductance  equivalent  system  diagram  in  reality,  the  chosen  inductance  is  a  parallel  resonant  circuit.  presents  change  in  impedance  of  such  a  system  in  frequency  function.  relationship  between  impedance  and  frequency  of  a  system  presented  in  figure  15  actual
__label__environmentmonitoring system  separating  the  test  and  supply  signal.  for  frequency  equal  to  74mhz  the  system  impedance  value  amounts  to  400k.  it  is  relatively  high  in  comparison  with  characteristic  impedance  of  the  test  signal  transmission  line  50.  it  is  then  possible  to  obtain  considerable  attenuation  of  the  test  signal  entering  the  supply  circuit  and  it  practically  eliminates  reflections  at  the  point  of  signal  separation  or  summation.  presents  an  actual  system  separating  the  test  and  supply  signals.  impedance  of  connected  in  series:  c1  capacity  and  rf  output  impedance  is  equal  to  characteristic  impedance  of  50.  a  diagram  presented  in  figure  17  enables  to
__label__environmentmonitoring analyze  test  signal  attenuation  in  supply  circuit.  it  allows  to  calculate  the  change  in  line  characteristic  impedance  made  by  the  separating  system.  shows  attenuation  of  the  test  signal  at  dc  output  and  change  in  line  impedance  in  frequency  function  for  r11.  attenuation  of  test  signal  at  dc  output  vs.  frequency  calculations  of  transmission  line  impedance  change  have  been  done  on  the  assumption  that  the  test  signal  line  has  the  impedance  equaling  50  in  the  entire  frequency  range.  this  assumption  is  correct  in  the  range  of  line  frequency.  it  substantially  simplifies  modelling  of  the  system.  shows  the  change  line  characteristic  impedance
__label__environmentmonitoring vs.  frequency  for  r1  1.  change  in  test  signal  line  characteristic  impedance  in  frequency  function.  this  simplification  does  not  influence  the  results  in  the  system  frequency  range.  for  the  sensor  frequency  equalling  74mhz  the  test  signal  attenuation  at  dc  output  equals  78db,  and  line  impedance  equals  50.  a  separating  or  summing  up  system  prepared  in  such  a  manner  does  not  influence  the  test  signal  transmission  through  saw  vibration  sensor.  the  design  of  sawcomprising  delaying  lines  used  for  vibration  sensors  differ  from  those  used  for  sensors  of  other  physical  quantities  .  since  the  sensor  plate  moves,  electrodes  applying  electric  signals  to
__label__environmentmonitoring converters  bus  bar  should  be  situated  on  the  immobile  part  of  the  plate.  thus  a  proper  strength  of  electric  contacts  for  these  electrodes  will  be  ensured.  electrodes  are  long  and  their  resistance  is  specific.  as  the  plate  moves  its  housing  is  greater  than  that  of  classic  filters  comprising  the  saw.  this  causes  the  signal  passing  directly  between  the  sawcomprising  delaying  line  inlet  and  outlet  to  increase.  saw  delay  lines:  for  vibration  sensor  a,  classic  b  the  line  was  designed  in  the  form  of  two  cooperating,  identical,  simple,  periodical,  doubleelectrode  interdigital  transducers.  shows  a  system  of  converter  electrodes.  such  a  structure
__label__environmentmonitoring of  converters  enables  their  operation  on  the  third  harmonic.  the  lines  were  designed  to  fabricate  them  with  a  stcut  quartz.  structure  of  delaying  line  converters  due  to  a  low  value  of  the  electromechanical  coupling  factor  for  a  stcut  quartz  losses  for  a  mismatch  its  inlet  impedances  to  50  are  significant.  in  order  to  cut  on  these  losses  operation  of  interdigital  transducers  under  conditions  of  matching  to  impedance  of  50  at  a  frequency  of  74mhz  was  selected  .  shows  a  converter  matching  system.  the  element  for  matching  a  converter  having  the  conductance  of  g  and  the  capacity  c  to  the  impedance
__label__environmentmonitoring r  50  is  the  inductance  l  .  the  matching  takes  place  on  the  condition  that  the  available  power  derived  from  a  voltage  source  e  of  the  internal  impedance  r  50  is  distributed  released/emitted  on  the  converter  conductance  g  .  interdigital  transducer  matching  system  to  50  impedance..  this  condition  is  met  for  a  conductance  resulting  from  the  relationship  :  with  the  help  of  the  relationship  the  converter  geometry  for  a  stcut  quartz  was  determined.  the  aperture  of  the  converter  a  2,5  mm  was  adopted.  to  fulfill  the  purpose  converters  operated  on  the  third  harmonic  at  74mhz.  for  such  parameters  a  converter
__label__environmentmonitoring consisting  of  n25  pairs  of  electrodes  was  received.  the  electrode  width  and  the  gap  between  electrodes  were  16  m,  and  the  surface  length  37  m.  the  results  of  theoretical  calculations  of  conductance  and  converter  capacity  versus  frequency  are  presented  in  .  theoretical  dependence  of  conductance  and  capacity  of  simple  transducer  composed  of  25  double  electrode  pairs  on  stcut  quartz.  at  74mhz  frequency  the  converter  conductance  is  0.74ms  and  the  capacity  3.13pf.  for  these  quantities  the  inductance  l  900nh  was  calculated,  at  which  value  the  condition  of  matching  the  converter  to  the  impedance  50  is  satisfied.  practically,  the  matching  of  interdigital
__label__environmentmonitoring transducers  to  the  impedance  of  50  was  carried  out  by  measurement  of  the  coefficient  of  reflection  shows  the  change  in  the  coefficient  of  reflection  from  a  matched  converter  versus  frequency  in  a  system  of  an  impedance  of  50  .  coefficient  of  reflection  from  a  matched  converter  versus  frequency.  shows  the  mounting  of  the  sensor  plate.  mounting  of  the  sensor  plate  presents  the  frequency  amplitude  curve  for  the  fabricated  saw  delaying  line.  the  measurement  was  conducted  after  the  line  was  mounted  in  an  sawbased  vibration  converter.  attenuation  frequency  diagram  of  saw  vibration  sensor.  the  role  of  an  amplifier  is  to  compensate
__label__environmentmonitoring losses  caused  by  saw  delay  line.  an  amplifier  has  been  built  on  a  monolithic  system  mar6  manufactured  by  minicircuits.  shows  a  diagram  of  an  amplifier  being  a  part  of  an  electronic  system  of  saw  vibration  sensor.  a  diagram  of  an  amplifier  for  saw  vibration  sensor.  the  amplifier  is  supplied  at  the  output  side  by  an  r1  resistor.  the  r1  value  is  selected  according  to  the  dc  supply  voltage.  for  a  supply  voltage  of  12v  the  resistance  r1  equaled  560.  an  amplification  of  22db  was  achieved  for  test  signal  frequency  of  74mhz.  it  is  the  highest  amplification  value  possible  to  achieve
__label__environmentmonitoring in  this  system.  the  value  of  current  input  equaled  16ma.  shows  an  experimental  frequency  characteristics  of  saw  vibration  sensor.  measurement  of  attenuation  frequency  diagram  of  saw  vibration  sensor  has  been  conducted  on  a  spectrum  analyzer  hms  1010.  a  supply  voltage  system  has  been  put  at  line  input.  a  supply  voltage  blocking  system  has  been  put  before  the  analyzer  at  line  output.  losses  of  0.75db  consist  of  line  losses  and  losses  in  the  connection  wiring  and  discussed  separation  systems.  the  value  of  these  losses  has  been  estimated  at  the  level  of  1db.  a  conclusion  may  be  drawn  that  an  amplifier  compensates
__label__environmentmonitoring the  losses  caused  by  saw  delay  line.  a  theoretical  shape  of  attenuation  frequency  diagram  of  a  sensor  should  be  described  by  the  function  sinx/x.  an  experimental  characteristic  has  highfrequency  irregularities.  their  reasons  are  the  signals  going  from  sensor  output  to  input,  omitting  sensor  electronic  components.  this  signal  amplitude  is  around  36db  lower  than  useful  signal  amplitude.  the  reason  of  occurrence  of  signal  going  from  sensor  input  to  output  will  be  discussed  in  the  next  section.  parasitic  signals  are  the  signals  going  from  electronic  system  input  to  output,  omitting  any  component  which  is  a  part  of  the  test  signal  transmission  line.
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  possible  due  to  the  occurrence  of  a  parasitic  coupling  between  any  place  of  electronic  system.  there  are  two  mechanisms  leading  to  the  occurrence  of  couplings  .  the  first  one  is  electromagnetic  coupling.  the  second  one  is  ground  current  coupling.  shows  the  mechanism  of  electromagnetic  coupling.  red  lines  indicate  paths  of  electromagnetic  coupling  which  may  occur  in  the  electronic  system  of  saw  vibration  sensor.  electromagnetic  couplings  occur  in  all  the  electronic  components  constituting  a  sensor  system.  paths  of  printed  circuit  are  matched  to  the  impedance  of  50.  they  are  simultaneously  transmitting  and  receiving  aerials.  their  efficiency  depends  on  the
__label__environmentmonitoring path  length.  a  similar  role  is  played  by  inductances  occurring  in  the  system  and  capacities  between  paths.  in  order  to  reduce  the  electromagnetic  coupling  the  inductances  should  be  placed  perpendicularly  to  each  other  and  placed  at  a  distance.  these  elements  define  the  manner  of  making  of  the  printed  circuit  plates.  any  problems  are  solved  individually,  in  accordance  with  a  chosen  construction.  electromagnetic  coupling  in  electronic  system  of  saw  vibration  sensor.  the  fundamental  problem  is  an  occurrence  of  electromagnetic  coupling  between  the  transducers  and  saw  delay  line.  busbars  delivering  electric  signal  to  transducers  are  placed  on  an  immobile  part  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring plate.  they  are  long  and  they  are  placed  close  to  each  other.  it  causes  an  increase  in  capacity  between  idts.  the  direct  signal  going  through  this  way  is  also  strengthened.  because  of  sensor  plate  motion  its  casing  is  larger  than  those  used  in  traditional  saw  filters.  it  also  causes  an  increase  in  direct  signal  strength  in  the  delay  line.  this  problem  and  possible  solutions  are  known  in  literature  .  the  most  effective  solution  is  symmetrical  supply  of  one  of  transducers  and  their  functioning  in  a  bridge  circuit  .  such  a  solution  has  been  used  in  the  presented  saw  vibration  sensor.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  signal  strength  at  the  level  of  35db  has  been  achieved.  the  second  mechanism  causing  increase  in  direct  signal  strength  is  the  ground  current  coupling  .  shows  the  mechanism  of  this  coupling.  the  mechanism  of  ground  current  coupling.  ground  current  couplings  occur  only  when  the  connection  between  component  mass  and  joint  mass  is  not  perfect.  a  diagram  in  shows  this  effect  by  introduced  impedances.  an  ideal  connection  is  characterised  by  a  null  value  of  all  impedances.  introduced  impedances  change  current  distribution  in  the  entire  system.  values  of  these  impedances  are  small  fractions  of  ohm.  that  is  why  they  are  difficult
__label__environmentmonitoring to  model.  a  physical  making  of  component  mass  connection  to  the  system  joint  mass  must  be  considered  during  the  design  stage  of  the  system.  reduction  of  this  value  by  careful  preparation  of  the  system  joint  mass  is  a  proper  solution.  similarly  to  the  first  mechanism,  saw  delay  line  plays  an  important  part.  impedance  of  busbars  and  impedance  of  contacts  leading  the  signal  to  transducer  are  crucial  elements  in  saw  vibration  sensor  delay  line.  the  joint  mass  of  the  discussed  system  has  been  made  of  5  mm  copper  plate  to  which  a  printedcircuit  board  has  been  soldered.  this  side  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring plate  was  completely  bonded.  the  electronic  system  joint  mass  has  been  connected  to  component  masses.  shows  saw  vibration  sensor.  only  supply  voltage  of  the  amplifier  system  goes  through  printed  circuit  paths.  longer  segments  of  test  signal  line  have  been  made  by  means  of  coaxial  cables.  it  allowed  to  reduce  an  electromagnetic  couplings  value  in  the  system.  attenuation  frequency  diagram  of  this  sensor  is  presented  in  .  saw  vibration  sensor  attenuation  frequency  diagram  of  saw  vibration  sensor  after  shutdown  of  amplifier  supply.  presents  this  characteristic  after  a  shutdown  of  amplifier  supply.  shapes  of  characteristics  in  delay  line  operation  band  are  similar
__label__environmentmonitoring in  both  figures.  it  suggests  that  signal  source  at  the  sensor  output  is  situated  behind  saw  delay  line.  this  signal  strength  is  35db  below  the  sensor  frequency  characteristic  signal.  beyond  the  operation  band  the  signal  strength  equals  40db.  conducted  measurements  make  use  of  the  time  trace  of  stationary  signals.  the  lack  of  information  about  the  delay  of  these  signals  does  not  allow  to  determine  their  source.  idts  are  selectively  matched  to  the  impedance  of  50.  it  can  be  a  signal  going  directly  between  interdigital  transducers  of  saw  delay  line.  in  order  to  explain  the  origin  of  the  signal,  it  is
__label__environmentmonitoring important  to  learn  about  its  delay  time.  it  has  been  made  in  a  system  presented  in  .  meter  circuit  for  parasitic  signals  in  saw  delay  line.  at  sensor  input  a  signal  in  form  of  wave  packet  at  frequency  of  74mhz  has  been  delivered.  the  length  of  the  packet  is  smaller  than  line  delay.  in  this  way  a  temporary  separation  of  the  direct  and  useful  signals  has  been  ensured.  time  run  of  signals  in  saw  delay  line.  presents  timing  of  signals  at  the  output  of  saw  vibration  sensor.  there  are  five  signals  at  the  sensor  output.  the  first  signal  is  going
__label__environmentmonitoring directly  from  sensor  output  to  its  input.  the  second  one  is  a  useful  signal.  next  three  signals  are  reflected  from  the  plate  edge.  reflected  signals  will  be  attenuated  by  a  damping  paste.  the  amplitude  of  direct  signal  is  35db  below  the  useful  signal.  it  leads  to  conclusion  that  the  signal  shown  in  is  a  signal  going  directly  between  saw  delay  line  idts.  when  the  electronic  system  is  properly  made,  the  elimination  of  this  signal  is  the  most  fundamental  problem  in  saw  vibration  sensor  design.  sawbased  vibration  sensors  with  saw  were  made  as  described  in  section  3.  delaying  lines  of  a
__label__environmentmonitoring 74mhz  middle  frequency  and  various  delay  quantities  of  4.2s,  6.2s,  8.2s  were  worked  out.  these  delaying  lines  were  made  on  stcut  quartz  plates  of  different  lengths.  these  plates  were  5.7  mm  wide  and  0.5  mm  thick.  the  signal  passing  thru  a  sensor  is  continuous  one.  in  a  sensor  every  parasite  signal  adds  up  to  a  useful  signal  and  causes  the  amplitude  of  a  useful  signal  to  modulate.  this  causes  the  sensor  sensitivity  to  decrease;  therefore  parasitic  signals  must  be  removed.  an  essential  problem  is  the  reduction  of  a  signal  passing  directly  from  the  delay  line  inlet  to  the  delay  line
__label__environmentmonitoring outlet.  the  magnitude  of  this  signal  for  sensors  with  lines  of  different  delays  is  shown  in  .  the  larger  the  line  delay  the  lower  the  direct  signal  level.  this  level  depends  on  the  outlay  of  electric  inlets  to  the  delaying  line  converters.  this  is  illustrated  in  oscilloscope  signals  a  and  c.  in  order  to  lower  the  direct  signal  level  additional  screening  of  interdigital  transducers  or  a  symmetric  supply  of  one  of  the  converters  was  used  .  for  executed  sensors  a  direct  signal  at  a  level  of  36db  was  obtained.  direct  and  useful  signal  in  delaying  lines  of  different  delays:  a
__label__environmentmonitoring 4,2s,  b  6,2s,  c  4,2s,  d  8,2s.  to  basic  parameters  of  vibration  sensors  belong  their  frequency  characteristic  curves  and  the  static  sensitivity.  we  will  present  the  way  they  are  measured.  determined  experimental  characteristics  will  be  compared  to  the  theoretical  one.  this  will  enable  to  estimate  the  model  precision  and  to  what  extent  it  can  help  to  model  the  parameters  of  sawbased  vibration  sensors.  the  sensor  frequency  characteristics  were  determined  in  two  stages.  at  the  first  stage  the  sensor  pulse  response  was  registered.  at  the  second  stage  the  spectrum  of  this  pulse  response  was  determined.  its  shape  corresponds  with  the  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring frequency  characteristics.  pulse  responses  of  sensors  were  measured  and  recorded  as  well  as  the  spectrum  of  pulse  responses  from  sensors  were  calculated  with  the  aid  of  the  system  shown  in  .  sensors  were  agitated  for  vibrations  by  an  impact.  pulse  responses  were  recorded  with  the  help  of  the  agilent  vee  pro  programme.  system  to  measure  responses  from  sawbased  vibration  sensor  pulse  plates.  presents  a  pulse  response  of  a  sensor  where  a  delaying  line  with  a  65  mm  long  plate  was  used.  the  sensor  plate  was  not  loaded  with  a  seismic  mass.  the  length  of  the  pulse  response  was  approximately  5s
__label__environmentmonitoring and  its  frequency  was  92hz.  pulse  response  of  sensor  with  65  mm  long  plate  without  seismic  mass  recorded  with  vee  programme  a  and  oscilloscope  b  the  spectrum  of  a  pulse  response  a  fourier  transform  was  calculated  with  the  help  the  agilent  vee  pro  programme,  but  it  can  be  achieved  also  directly  on  an  oscilloscope.  presents  the  amplitude  of  this  spectrum.  its  shape  corresponds  to  the  amplitude  of  the  frequency  characteristics  of  a  tested  sensor.  the  resonance  frequency  equals  theoretical  values  calculated  with  the  relationships  presented  in  section  2.  the  frequency  characteristics  shows  a  harmonic  at  a  400hz  frequency.  its  level
__label__environmentmonitoring is  26db  below  the  level  of  the  sensor  characteristics  for  the  resonance  frequency.  this  level  is  higher  than  its  theoretical  estimate  presented  in  section  2.  it  is  difficult  to  determine  the  reason  for  this  difference.  it  can  be  the  inaccuracy  of  the  model.  however,  it  can  be  also  due  to  a  differing  effectiveness  of  incitation  of  the  resonance  frequency  component  and  harmonic  frequency  component.  spectrum  of  sensor  with  65  mm  long  plate  without  seismic  mass  presents  the  measurement  of  the  statistical  sensitivity  of  a  sensor.  it  was  conducted  by  recording  the  sensor  output  signal  during  its  rotation  by  180  degrees.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  rotation  causes  the  constant  acceleration  affecting  a  sensor  to  change  by  a  value  of  two  gravitational  accelerations  i.e.  2  g.  an  estimated  static  sensitivity  of  a  sensor  is  40mv/g.  method  of  determining  static  sensitivity  of  sensor  a  1.07g  r2,27  seismic  mass  was  placed  on  a  sensor.  this  caused  its  resonance  frequency  to  drop  to  29hz,  and  then  for  this  sensor  the  abovepresented  tests  were  repeated.  shows  the  pulse  response  of  a  sensor  with  a  65mm  long  plate  with  a  1.07  g  seismic  mass.  the  pulse  response  is  longer  than  10s,  with  its  frequency  being  29hz.  shows  the  frequency  characteristics
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  tested  sensor.  the  value  of  the  resonance  characteristics  equals  the  theoretical  value.  the  characteristics  shows  a  harmonic  at  58hz.  its  level  is  4db  below  the  sensor  characteristic  value  for  the  resonance  frequency,  and  being  low,  practically  has  no  impact  on  the  sensor  function.  figure  41  shows  the  measurement  result  of  the  sensor  static  sensitivity  as  100mv/g.  against  a  sensor  without  a  concentrated  mass  this  value  rose  2  times.  the  length  of  the  pulse  response  increased  more  than  2  times.  these  changes  are  obvious  and  their  quantities  determine  explicit  relationships  describing  the  sensor  model.  the  only  difference  between  the
__label__environmentmonitoring results  of  experimental  tests  against  the  theoretical  model  is  a  higher  level  of  the  harmonic  resonance  frequency.  to  explain  this  difference  classical  measurements  of  the  sensor  resonance  characteristics  must  be  conducted.  to  conduct  these  measurements  an  exciter  of  stable  mechanical  vibrations  of  the  sensor  housing  of  an  adjusted  amplitude  and  frequency  is  required.  it  was  not  possible  for  the  authors  to  carry  out  these  tests.  pulse  response  of  sensor  with  65  mm  long  plate  with  a  1.07g  seismic  mass  recorded  with  vee  programme  a  and  oscilloscope  b  spectrum  of  a  65mm  long  sensor  with  1.07  g  seismic  mass  the  test
__label__environmentmonitoring results  demonstrated  a  good  compatibility  between  the  theoretical  parameters  of  the  sensor  pulse  response  resonance  frequency  and  the  decay  time  and  their  experimental  realization.  the  model  presented  in  section  2  was  used  to  elaborate  sawbased  sensors,  which  featured  required  parameters  of  the  pulse  response.  figure  42  shows  a  block  diagram  of  an  electronic  warning  system  with  sawbased  vibration  sensors.  method  of  determination  the  sensor  static  sensitivity  block  diagram  of  electronic  warning  system  with  sawcomprising  vibration  sensors.  during  operation  of  the  system  vibratons  of  the  sensor  plate  change  the  phase  of  the  measuring  signal.  the  frequency  of  these  changes  equals  the
__label__environmentmonitoring plate  resonance  frequency.  thus  the  signal  from  every  sensor  passing  thru  a  set  of  filters  at  the  phase  detector  inlet  can  be  separated.  the  system  operation  is  discussed  further  in  the  following  works  .  the  said  system  required  sawbased  vibration  sensors  having  parameters  given  in  the  ;  the  authors  prepared  these  sensors.  parameters  of  sawvs  sensors  made  for  electronic  warning  system  by  selection  of  a  seismic  mass  required  resonance  frequencies  of  sensors  were  achieved.  in  case  of  sensors  no.  1  and  2  as  well  as  no.  3  and  4  plates  of  similar  lengths  were  used.  presents  characteristics  of  four  assembled
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors.  frequency  characteristics  of  sensors  of  resonance  frequency  of  41hz,  56hz,  73hz,  159hz.  these  five  sawbased  vibration  sensors  fabricated  and  used  in  an  electronic  warning  system  proved  the  efficiency  of  the  presented  modeling  method.  the  system  was  tested  on  a  stand  shown  in  .  the  sensors  were  attached  to  steel  ropes  tensioned  as  required.  in  order  to  describe  the  movement  of  sensors  and  ropes  a  model  of  a  string  loaded  with  a  sensor  mass  taking  into  account  its  moment  of  inertia  was  developed.  sawcomprising  vibration  sensors  attached  to  steel  ropes  vibrations  of  sensors  were  stimulated  by  deflecting  them  out  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  state  of  equilibrium.  the  string  vibration  time  was  several  times  as  long  as  that  of  the  decay  time  of  a  senor  plate  pulse  response.  the  movement  of  a  sensor  was  a  sum  of  the  fading  with  time  of  the  pulse  response  and  vibrations  enforced  by  a  cyclic  movement  of  the  sensors  housing.  the  frequency  of  the  housing  movements  was  that  of  the  rope  vibration  frequency,  which  was  selected  so  that  it  was  lower  than  the  resonance  frequency  of  sensors.  thus  it  was  possible  to  analyze  every  component  of  the  sensor  movement.  for  experimental  testing  a  string  vibration  frequency  of
__label__environmentmonitoring some  6  hz  was  chosen.  for  every  sensor  the  output  signal  from  the  phase  detector  was  recorded  and  processed  with  the  vee  program.  and  show  the  course  of  signals  of  vibrating  sensor  of  various  resonance  frequencies  and  their  spectra.  part  of  output  signal  from  sensor  of  plate  resonance  frequency  of  91  hz  and  string  vibration  frequency  of  6.7  hz  and  its  spectrum  part  of  output  signal  from  sensor  of  plate  resonance  frequency  of  41  hz  and  string  vibration  frequency  of  6.7  hz  and  its  spectrum  pulse  responses  of  sensors  of  an  91hz  or  a  41hz  frequency  can  be  easily  discerned
__label__environmentmonitoring form  signals  derived  from  a  string  movement  of  a  6.7  hz  frequency,  especially  within  the  signal  spectrum.  relations  between  their  amplitudes  are  visible.  after  decay  of  pulse  responses  sensors  measure  the  rope  vibrations;  they  work  then  like  classical  vibration  sensors.  in  case  of  a  sensor  plate  without  the  seismic  mass  the  harmonic  amplitude  occurs  at  the  34db  level  below  the  resonance  frequency  amplitude.  with  the  plate  loaded  with  a  small  seismic  mass  r0,22,  the  level  is  lower  than  40db.  harmonic  vibrations  had  no  impact  on  the  operation  of  a  system  presented  in  .  depending  on  the  use  of  a  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring by  selection  of  its  resonance  frequency  we  can  change  its  sensitivity  and  linearity.  the  practically  prepared  electronic  warning  system  with  sawbased  vibration  sensors  has  fully  proven  the  usefulness  of  the  model  presented  in  section  2.  the  work  presents  development,  execution  and  parameters  of  saw  seismic  vibration  sensors.  a  sensor  is  a  twoterminal  pair  network  consisting  of  a  delaying  line  with  saw  and  an  amplifier  compensating  losses  introduced  by  a  stcut  quartz.  the  delay  line  is  fabricated  on  the  ctcut  quartz  surface.  a  simple  vibration  model  of  an  anisotropic  plate  was  used  to  develop  sensors.  by  way  of  successive  simplifications  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  description  of  vibrations  of  a  viscouselastic  sensor  plate  a  model  of  one  degree  of  freedom  was  obtained.  an  explicit  description  of  the  movement  parameters  of  the  sensor  plate  was  achieved.  a  material  damping  of  the  plate  practically  causes  it  to  vibrate  at  only  one  resonance  frequency,  thus  enabling  to  design  saw  seismic  vibration  sensors.  the  results  of  experiments  proved  the  effectiveness  of  using  this  model  to  design  sawcomprising  seismic  vibration  sensors.  basic  parameters  of  realised  vibration  sensors  resonance  characteristics,  pulse  responses,  static  sensitivity  are  presented  and  analysed.  the  range  of  resonance  frequencies  of  plates  made  of  stcut  quartz,  which
__label__environmentmonitoring were  feasible,  was  determined.  the  plate  length  restricts  the  lower  range  of  resonance  frequencies.  this  range  was  determined  on  the  basis  of  an  available  length  of  100mm  of  a  ctcut  quartz.  the  upper  range  of  resonance  frequencies  is  restricted  by  the  speed  of  decay  of  a  pulse  response  of  a  sensor  plate.  however,  this  restriction  applies  only  to  a  sensor  operating  on  its  pulse  responses.  for  the  determination  of  this  range  the  magnitude  of  stresses  occurring  in  the  plate  was  not  taken  into  account.  this  magnitude  must  be  smaller  than  the  size  of  critical  stresses  presented  in  table  1.  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  subject  work  this  element  was  not  analysed.  the  magnitude  of  dynamic,  critical  stresses  for  a  stcut  quartz  was  determined  in  works  .  these  values  do  not  conform  to  standards  and  they  apply  to  a  series  of  plates  cut  out  with  a  wire  saw.  in  the  course  of  that  determination  it  turned  out  that  the  technology  of  plates  production  has  a  great  impact  on  the  value  of  dynamic  critical  stresses.  the  work  demonstrated  that  their  value  for  a  given  design  of  a  sensor  does  not  restrict  the  determined  range  of  the  plate  resonance  frequencies.  as  the  plate  resonance  decreases  the
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  sensitivity  increases.  therefore  high  sensitivity  sensors  can  be  designed.  increasing  its  length  can  lower  the  resonance  frequency  of  a  plate.  this  is  the  most  effective  way  to  reduce  the  plate  resonance  frequency.  it  is  possible  to  develop  highsensitivity  vibration  sensors  of  resonance  frequencies  in  the  order  of  a  few  hz.  to  design  such  sensors  one  can  use  directly  the  presented  model.  lets  compare  the  saw  sawvs  vibration  sensor  presented  in  the  work  to  three  kinds  of  sensors  used  at  present.  resonance  frequencies  and  basic  applications  of  these  sensors  are  presented  in  the  introduction  to  this  work.  the  first  kind
__label__environmentmonitoring of  these  sensors  is  geophones,  where  the  sensor  pulse  response  is  utilized,  which  explains  their  low  resonance  frequency  several  hz  and  a  high  sensitivity.  the  two  remaining  kinds  of  vibration  sensors  are  micromechanical  silicone  acceleration  sensors  micro  electro  mechanical  systems  accelerometers  mems  accelerometers  and  piezoelectric  acceleration  sensors.  lets  compare  the  basic  parameters  of  these  sensors:  sensitivity,  range  of  measured  values  and  the  frequency  of  acceleration  changes,  their  structure  resonance  frequency  natural  frequency,  weight  and  the  manner  of  measuring  the  acceleration.  we  dont  compare  acceleration  sensors  reacting  to  impacts.  they  are  very  light  and  feature  a  very  broad  measuring  range.  piezoelectric
__label__environmentmonitoring acceleration  sensors  work  within  a  range  between  fractions  of  hz  thru  a  dozen  or  so  khz.  the  lower  and  upper  range  of  the  measurement  dynamics  is  from  1  mg  up  to  100.000  g.  g  is  a  unit  of  acceleration  equal  to  the  gravitational  acceleration  at  sea  level,  i.e.  9.81m/s  .  depending  on  the  design  the  sensor  sensitivity  is  0.2mv/g  0.7v/g.  the  natural  resonance  frequency  ranges  from  a  few  hz  to  a  few  dozen  of  hz.  these  sensors  weigh  from  3g  to  500  g.  the  structure  of  these  sensors  is  relatively  simple,  however,  the  measuring  system  is  complicated  measuring  of  charge
__label__environmentmonitoring changes  in  the  order  of  pc.  mems  accelerometers  are  characterized  by  small  dimensions  an  integrated  circuit  and  a  low  price.  with  these  devices  constant  and  variable  acceleration  up  to  a  frequency  of  a  few  hundred  hz  can  be  measured.  the  lower  and  upper  range  of  the  measurement  dynamics  is  from  fractional  g  to  10  000  g.  depending  on  the  design  the  device  sensitivity  ranges  from  0.2mv/g  up  to  10v/g  this  applies  to  seismology  sensors.  the  device  resonance  frequency  natural  frequency  is  high:  several  hz.  these  devices  weigh  from  a  few  g  up  to  2  500  g  in  case  of  seismology
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors.  the  sensor  design  is  relatively  simple;  as  well  its  measuring  system  is  simple.  measuring  of  changes  in  the  charge  in  the  order  of  afs.  the  measuring  system  of  a  mems  sensor  is  similar  to  a  measuring  system  of  an  sawvibration  sensor  presented  in  the  work  .  it  consists  of  a  measuring  generator  of  a  1mhz  frequency,  two  measuring  paths  and  a  phase  detector.  the  mechanical  frequency  of  sawcomprising  vibration  sensors  can  be  changed  within  a  range  from  several  to  a  few  hundred  hz.  this  is  a  significant  difference  between  these  both  kinds  of  sensors.  the  sensitivity  of  an  saw
__label__environmentmonitoring vibration  sensor  depends  on  the  resonance  characteristics  of  the  sensor  plate,  the  length  of  the  surface  wave  utilized  in  a  sensor  and  on  the  sensor  design.  one  can  define  here  the  sensitivity  for  a  constant  acceleration  and  the  sensitivity  for  the  resonance  frequency  of  the  sensor  plate  or  some  other  frequency.  for  comparisons  sake  we  can  assume  the  sensitivity  for  a  constant  acceleration.  an  example:  for  a  sawvs  with  a  plate  57.5  mm  long  and  0.5  mm  thick,  loaded  with  a  seismic  mass  equal  to  4  times  the  plate  mass,  a  static  sensitivity  of  0.5v/g  was  achieved.  the  sensitivity  of
__label__environmentmonitoring sawsensors  for  changing  accelerations  can  be  a  couple  of  times  greater  than  that  for  constant  accelerations.  the  sensitivity  degree  is  determined  by  the  resonance  curve  of  a  sensor  plate.  the  sensitivity  of  vibration  sensors  with  sawvs  can  be  increased  by  decreasing  the  length  of  the  surface  wave,  or  changing  the  sensor  design  i.e.  reduction  of  the  plate  thickness,  by  increasing  the  concentrated  mass  or  by  increasing  the  delay  of  the  sawdelaying  line.  saw  vibration  sensors  can  be  cascaded  which  offers  many  system  designs  what  in  turn  offers  an  increase  in  the  sensitivity  and  a  reduction  of  the  cross  sensitivity  of
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors.  this  is  not  possible  with  a  mems  sensor  and  a  piezoelectric  sensor.  the  high  measuring  frequency  of  sawcomprising  sensors  allows  designing  wireless  sensor  versions.  in  terms  of  the  design  and  the  method  of  measuring  mems  and  sawvs  acceleration  sensors  have  a  lot  in  common.  in  a  mems  sensor  a  vibrating  plate  of  silicon  changes  the  capacity  of  a  capacitor.  mechanical  properties  of  silicon  density  2.330kg/m  ,  and  an  equivalent  youngs  modulus  of  106  gpa  are  similar  to  mechanical  properties  of  quartz.  therefore  the  parameters  of  mems  and  sawvs  must  be  similar.  in  our  opinion  sawvs  sensors  have  their  place
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  measuring  technology.  this  work  presents  an  example  of  using  sawsensors  in  an  electronic  warning  system.  vibration  sensors  placed  at  selected  points  record  vibrations  within  areas  they  cover.  an  alert  central  station  registers  signals  from  a  vibration  sensor.  this  is  a  typical  system  to  be  applied  for  perimeter  protection  systems.  all  sensors  included  in  a  system  can  be  placed  within  one  area;  then  this  system  will  perform  the  role  of  an  analyzer  of  vibrations  within  this  area.  this  is  a  second  prospective  application  of  the  system  under  discussion.  the  possibility  of  preparing  highsensitivity  vibration  sensors  of  resonance  frequencies  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  order  of  a  few  hz  is  a  prospective  area  of  application  for  monitoring  vibrations  of  bridges  and  buildings,  where  the  frequency  of  free  vibrations  is  in  the  order  of  fractions  of  hz  up  to  a  dozen  or  so  hz.  the  presented  application  examples  apply  to  working  on  the  pulse  response  of  an  sawsensor.  this  kind  of  a  sensor  can  be  used  to  measure  one  component  of  the  acceleration  vector.  then,  the  pulse  response  means  for  a  measurement  of  acceleration  a  parasitic  signal,  and  should  be  eliminated.  therefore  thru  the  use  of  sensor  plates,  where  the  decay  of  a  pulse
__label__environmentmonitoring response  is  fast,  acceleration  sensors  can  be  developed.  the  movement  of  a  plate  shows  then  a  character  of  acceleration  changes  in  time.  works  show  development  of  this  kind  of  sensors.  this  work  was  supported  by  the  polish  ministry  of  science  and  higher  education  as  a  project  vibration  warning  system  with  saw  vibration  sensors  included  in  the  scientific  budget  of  20092011.  2013  the  authors.  licensee  intechopen.  this  chapter  is  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  help  us  write  another  book  on  this  subject
__label__environmentmonitoring and  reach  those  readers  login  to  your  personal  dashboard  for  more  detailed  statistics  on  your  publications.  edited  by  by  rogrio  pirk,  carlos  dandrade  souto,  gustavo  paulinelli  guimares  and  luiz  carlos  sandoval  ges  edited  by  by  zigui  huang  we  are  intechopen,  the  worlds  leading  publisher  of  open  access  books.  built  by  scientists,  for  scientists.  our  readership  spans  scientists,  professors,  researchers,  librarians,  and  students,  as  well  as  business  professionals.  we  share  our  knowledge  and  peerreveiwed  research  papers  with  libraries,  scientific  and  engineering  societies,  and  also  work  with  corporate  rd  departments  and  government  entities.  headquarters  intechopen  limited  7th  floor  10  lower  thames  street
__label__environmentmonitoring open  access  is  an  initiative  that  aims  to  make  scientific  research  freely  available  to  all.  to  date  our  community  has  made  over  100  million  downloads.  its  based  on  principles  of  collaboration,  unobstructed  discovery,  and,  most  importantly,  scientific  progression.  as  phd  students,  we  found  it  difficult  to  access  the  research  we  needed,  so  we  decided  to  create  a  new  open  access  publisher  that  levels  the  playing  field  for  scientists  across  the  world.  how?  by  making  research  easy  to  access,  and  puts  the  academic  needs  of  the  researchers  before  the  business  interests  of  publishers.  we  are  a  community  of  more  than  103,000
__label__environmentmonitoring authors  and  editors  from  3,291  institutions  spanning  160  countries,  including  nobel  prize  winners  and  some  of  the  worlds  mostcited  researchers.  publishing  on  intechopen  allows  authors  to  earn  citations  and  find  new  collaborators,  meaning  more  people  see  your  work  not  only  from  your  own  field  of  study,  but  from  other  related  fields  too.  brief  introduction  to  this  section  that  descibes  open  access  especially  from  an  intechopen  perspective  want  to  get  in  touch?  contact  our  london  head  office  or  our  team  is  growing  all  the  time,  so  were  always  on  the  lookout  for  smart  people  who  want  to  help  us  reshape  the
__label__environmentmonitoring world  of  scientific  publishing.  open  access  peerreviewed  chapter  by  felix  a.  levinzon  doi:  10.5772/65925  downloaded:  1913  the  design  of  ultralownoise  seismic  piezoelectric  accelerometers  pes  with  integral  electronics  iepe  is  presented.  they  feature  probably  the  lowest  noise  floor  for  their  size  and  weight  and  the  lowest  operating  frequencies  neardc  ever  reported  to  date  among  these  types  of  vibration  sensors.  these  highly  sensitive  sensors  can  be  used  for  earthquake  monitoring  and  in  the  earthquake  prediction  system  by  detecting  and  monitoring  microseismic  fluctuations.  the  warning  system  using  these  sensors  would  be  fundamentally  different  from  current  warning  systems  using  the  network  of  hundreds  of
__label__environmentmonitoring seismometers  across  seismically  active  regions  and  recording  only  seismic  events.  two  meggitt  oc  iepe  seismic  accelerometers,  models  86  and  8710  having  sensitivity  of  10  v/g,  are  described.  the  model  86  has  a  weight  of  about  770  g  and  a  frequency  range  from  0.003  to  200  hz  at  the  3  db  level.  its  noise  floor  in  terms  of  the  equivalent  input  noise  acceleration  spectral  density  is  about  37,  7,  and  3  ng/  hz  at  at  frequencies  1,  10,  and  100  hz,  respectively.  the  model  8710  is  a  compact  sensor  with  a  weight  of  about  170  g  and  a  frequency  range  from
__label__environmentmonitoring 0.02  to  500  hz  at  the  3  db  level.  it  has  noise  of  about  90,  25,  and  10  ng/  hz  at  at  frequencies  1,  10,  and  100  hz,  respectively.  address  all  correspondence  to:  felix.levinzon1meggitt.com  doi:  10.5772/65925  edited  by  taher  zouaghi  during  an  earthquake,  the  forces  and  the  motion  of  a  point  on  the  ground  vary  a  lot  and  keep  changing.  earthquakes  can  be  so  small  or  distant  for  example,  in  the  ocean,  that  only  lownoise  or  ultralownoise  sensors  are  capable  of  measuring  and  monitoring  small  acceleration  signals  generated  by  such  earthquakes  .  in  addition,  such  sensors  can  be  used  for
__label__environmentmonitoring the  warning  prediction  system  by  detecting  and  monitoring  of  preseismic  small  changes  on  the  ground  that  indicate  that  a  significant  quake  is  imminent  ,  .  ultralownoise  seismic  piezoelectric  accelerometers  with  integral  electronic  iepe,  also  called  integral  electronic  piezoelectric  accelerometers  or  integrated  circuit  piezoelectric  icp  accelerometers,  are  the  best  candidates  for  such  purposes  .  the  advantages  of  the  iepe  accelerometers  include  high  sensitivity,  wide  dynamic,  frequency,  and  temperature  ranges,  low  output  impedance,  low  noise,  and  availability  of  miniature  designs.  in  addition  to  seismology  and  earthquakerelated  measurements,  they  are  used  in  many  applications  such  as  aircraft  and  automobiles,  structure  monitoring,  seismic  isolation
__label__environmentmonitoring and  stabilization  platforms,  homeland  security,  and  oil  and  mineral  exploration.  the  earthquake  prediction  experiments  led  by  the  rice  university  houston,  texas,  usa  team  and  conducted  along  the  san  andreas  fault  in  southern  california  is  an  example  of  the  use  of  the  ultralownoise  seismic  iepe  accelerometers  .  specifically,  in  one  of  these  experiments,  they  placed  a  device  that  produced  seismic  waves  in  rocks  located  near  accelerometers.  the  waves  caused  small  changes  in  the  rocks  that  were  detected  by  accelerometers.  those  changes  were  followed  by  small  earthquakes  on  two  occasions.  one  of  these  earthquakes  occurred  about  10  h  later.  these  experiments  suggest
__label__environmentmonitoring that  lownoise  accelerometers  located  in  the  right  place  can  pick  up  potentially  worrisome  movements  in  a  fault.  the  study  indicated  that  the  stresses  measured  by  such  sensors  preceded  the  temblor  itself.  as  a  result,  a  warning  system  using  these  sensors  can  be  more  effective,  in  comparison  to  the  warning  system  with  network  of  hundreds  of  seismometers  across  active  seismic  region  such  as  southern  california.  these  networks  record  only  seismic  events;  they  cannot  identify  preseismic  changes  on  the  ground  signaling  that  a  significant  quake  is  imminent.  iepe  seismic  accelerometers  can  be  used  in  the  seismic  network  similar  to  highresolution  seismic  network
__label__environmentmonitoring hrsn  capable  of  detecting  microseismic  fluctuations  ,  .  an  accelerometer  is  a  vibration  sensor  that  measures  acceleration  directly  proportional  to  the  force  applied  to  an  object  that  causes  it  to  change  its  position  or  speed.  in  seismology,  the  most  common  sensor  is  the  seismometer,  which  measures  the  velocity  of  a  point  on  the  ground  during  earthquake.  accelerometers,  in  contrast  to  the  seismometers,  give  information  about  forces  that  a  subject  experiences  during  a  seismic  activity.  also,  they  are  handy  sensors  having  small  size,  usually  100  mm  on  a  side,  so  they  can  be  easily  placed  at  key  locations  in  a  structure.
__label__environmentmonitoring acceleration  signals  can  be  integrated  by  an  integrator  or  by  a  computer  to  obtain  the  velocity  and  displacement  signals.  lownoise  accelerometers  can  be  used  both  for  the  measurement  of  small  acceleration  signals  directly  and,  as  the  first,  lownoise  stage  of  the  instruments  measuring  lownoise  velocity  signals.  iepe  accelerometers  represent  the  class  of  dynamic  vibration  sensors  incorporating  a  piezoelectric  pe  transducer,  as  a  mechanical  part,  and  integral  electronics  typically,  voltage  or  charge  amplifier,  as  an  electrical  part,  into  one  shielded  package.  shows  the  block  diagram  of  the  typical  iepe  accelerometer  and  signal  conditioning  circuit  scc  connected  to  the  accelerometer  with  a
__label__environmentmonitoring coaxial  cable  and  typically  located  outside  of  the  accelerometer  .  the  block  diagram  of  the  typical  iepe  accelerometer  and  signal  conditioning  circuit  16.  the  pe  transducer  is  comprised  of  a  mass  m  and  piezoelectric  element  often  called  a  crystal.  when  the  input  acceleration  signal  a  is  applied  to  the  sensor,  the  mass  m  imposes  a  force  f  on  the  crystal  element,  which  transforms  the  input  acceleration  signal  into  a  charge  electrical  signal  at  the  output  of  the  pe  transducer.  the  charge  signal  is  amplified  by  the  iepe  sensor  electrical  circuit  and  is  converted  to  a  voltage  electrical  signal  at  the
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  output.  the  sensor  measures  acceleration  signal  in  accordance  with  the  newtons  second  law  of  motion:  f  ma  .  the  integral  electronics  of  the  iepe  accelerometer  is  comprised  of  a  builtin  charge  or  voltage  amplifier  which  transfers  the  pe  transducers  high  impedance  into  the  amplifiers  low  output  impedance  allowing  transmission  of  the  signal  over  long  cable  lengths.  the  amplifier  input  stage  is  based  on  a  field  effect  transistor  fet  having  high  input  impedance  matching  the  pe  transducers  high  output  impedance.  fet  type  can  be  typically  of  nchannel  jfet,  nchannel  mosfet,  or  pchannel  mosfet.  the  output  stage  is  built  based  on
__label__environmentmonitoring a  bipolar  junction  transistor  bjt  providing  low  output  impedance.  bjt  can  be  of  pnp  or  npn  type.  some  iepe  sensors  have  amplifiers  containing  additional  stages  between  input  and  output  stages.  the  signal  condoning  circuit  scc  provides  power  for  the  accelerometer,  additional  amplification  of  the  signal  coming  from  accelerometer,  and  its  processing  dictated  by  the  sensor  applications.  specifically,  it  can  contain  an  integrator  which  transforms  an  acceleration  signal  into  a  velocity  signal.  the  integrator  can  also  be  placed  inside  the  iepe  sensor  if  its  dimensions  allow.  typical  voltage  supply  is  from  22  to  30  v  and  current  supply  is  from  2
__label__environmentmonitoring to  20  ma.  the  current  supply  is  provided  by  a  constant  current  source  ccs,  which,  for  example,  can  be  created  by  a  currentregulating  diode.  a  decoupling  capacitor  cd  eliminates  any  influence  of  the  iepe  sensors  output  dc  bias  voltage  on  the  scc  input  amplifiers  stage.  this  construction  allows  to  have  only  two  wires  signal  output  and  signal  ground  for  connection  of  the  iepe  accelerometer  with  the  scc.  these  wires  carry  both  the  accelerometer  output  signal  and  voltage  supply  at  the  same  time.  the  sensor  operation  frequencies,  typically  from  1  hz  to  10  khz,  are  located  below  the  pe  transducers  resonant
__label__environmentmonitoring frequency.  at  these  frequencies,  the  pe  transducersimplified  equivalent  schematic  can  be  represented  as  a  capacitive  signal  source  having  high  impedance.  shows  the  pe  transducersimplified  equivalent  electrical  schematic  comprising  the  signal  source  electromotive  force  emf,  connected  in  series  with  capacitor  cpe  .  c  pe  is  the  pe  transducers  electrical  capacitance.  represents  the  output  voltage  of  the  opencircuit  pe  transducer:  simplified  equivalent  schematic  of  the  pe  transducer  16.  in  ,  and  are  the  pe  transducers  voltage  sensitivity  and  charge  sensitivity,  respectively.  is  the  charge  at  the  output  of  the  pe  transducer  and  is  the  inputacceleration.  the  iepe  seismic  accelerometers  are  specially  designed
__label__environmentmonitoring to  measure  ultralow  level  vibrations  at  low  frequencies  often  including  frequencies  below  1  hz.  these  frequencies  are  associated  with  earth  tremors,  large  structures,  and  foundation  .  some  of  these  accelerometers  have  frequency  response  from  very  low  frequency  f  0.01  hz.  they  feature  very  low  noise  floor  i.e.,  estimated  at  a  few  dozen  at  frequency  1  hz  and  a  few  at  frequencies  and  high  sensitivity  often  1  and  10  v/g,  in  comparison  to  other  iepe  sensors  .  there  are  several  types  of  seismic  accelerometers  that  vary  in  the  construction  and  operating  principle.  in  addition  to  the  iepe  type  mentioned  above,  they
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  designed  as  variable  capacitance  mems  ,  ,  and  folded  pendulum  accelerometers  ,  .  the  iepe  and  mems  seismic  accelerometers  are  the  types  that  are  most  widely  used  in  the  industry.  besides  seismology  and  earthquakerelated  measurements,  the  applications  where  they  are  used,  include  isolation  and  stabilization  platforms  ,  ,  ,  large  structure  monitoring  ,  spacecraft  environmental  noise  measurement  ,  and  large  antenna  dynamic  measurement  .  specifically,  the  meggitt  oc  model  86  described  below  is  used  in  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  nist  for  the  stabilization  platform  carrying  the  worlds  most  frequency  stable  laser  system  used  for  the
__label__environmentmonitoring atomic  clock  research  conducted  by  nist  .  shows  photographs  of  the  designed  accelerometers,  models  86  and  87  ,  .  they  have  cylindrical  shape  and  twopin  connectors.  the  larger  sensor  model  86  has  a  weight  of  about  770  g,  a  diameter  of  about  65  mm,  and  a  height  of  about  56  mm  .  the  model  87  is  compact  in  weight  and  dimensions.  it  has  a  weight  of  about  170  g,  diameter  of  about  30  mm,  and  height  of  about  37  mm  .  photographs  of  the  designed  accelerometers  10,  13.  schematic  solution  of  the  designed  accelerometers  was  made  from  a  standpoint  of
__label__environmentmonitoring providing  ultralow  noise,  operating  frequency  range  including  very  low  frequencies  f  1  hz,  temperature  range  from  20  to  100c,  low  output  impedance  r  10  ,  and  protection  of  the  circuit  against  input  transients  and  shocks.  shows  the  block  diagram  and  schematic  of  each  of  the  designed  accelerometers  and  signal  conditioning  circuit  scc  connected  to  them  with  a  coaxial  cable  ,  .  the  sensors  incorporate  the  highsensitivity  pe  transducer  and  ultralownoise  charge  amplifier.  the  charge  amplifier  amplifies  a  charge  signal  coming  from  the  pe  transducer  and  converts  it  into  a  voltage  output  signal.  the  input  stage  has  high  input  impedance  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  output  stage  has  low  output  impedance  which  allows  transmission  of  the  voltage  signal  over  long  coaxial  cable  lengths.  block  diagram  and  schematic  of  the  designed  iepe  seismic  accelerometers  and  signal  conditioning  circuit  15,  16.  in  ,  the  signal  source  represents  the  output  voltage  of  the  opencircuit  pe  transducer  electrical  capacitance.  the  resistive  divider  r  1/  r  2  and  the  biasing  resistor  form  the  negative  dc  feedback  circuit  providing  the  circuit  stable  operation  and  the  dc  bias  voltage  for  the  jfet.  is  the  charge  amplifiers  feedback  capacitance.  the  value  of  is  selected  to  provide  the  necessary  charge  gain  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring amplifier  and  corresponding  sensitivity  of  the  whole  sensor.  the  charge  amplifier  is  comprised  of  two  directcoupling  stages:  the  input  stage  based  on  lownoise  jfet  and  the  output  stage  based  on  the  bipolar  transistor  bjt.  the  latter  is  arranged  in  the  darlington  configuration  that  makes  it  possible  to  provide  the  sensors  output  impedance  this  value  is  approximately  one  order  of  magnitude  less,  in  comparison  to  the  best  existing  iepe  seismic  accelerometers  ,  .  we  can  see  that  the  charge  amplifier  is  based  on  the  two  discrete  transistors,  fet  and  bjt,  in  comparison  to  the  typical  charge  amplifier  based  on  opamp  with
__label__environmentmonitoring a  feedback  capacitor.  contrary  to  an  opamp  charge  amplifier,  a  fetbjt  charge  amplifier  can  provide  lower  noise,  higher  temperature  range,  smaller  size,  and  two  wires  output  configuration.  the  resistors  r  1  and  r  2  and  diode  d  3  having  negative  temperature  coefficient  form  negative  feedback  circuit  for  the  jfet  stage  that  provides  temperature  compensation  for  the  jfet  temperature  drift  .  it  is  known  that  jfet  gate  current  leakage  flowing  through  the  biasing  resistor  of  high  value  grows  exponentially  with  temperature.  as  a  result,  the  jfet  gatesource  voltage  increases  with  temperature  as  well.  this  may  cause  unstable  operation  of  the  amplifier.
__label__environmentmonitoring when  the  temperature  changes,  the  circuit  mentioned  above  changes  in  the  direction  opposite  to  that  caused  by  the  jfet  leakage  current.  this  schematic  solution  made  possible  extending  the  temperature  range  of  the  sensors  up  to  100c.  in  comparison,  the  current  stateoftheart  iepe  seismic  accelerometers  have  operating  temperature  of  65c  ,  .  the  frequency  response  lower  corner  for  the  charge  amplifier  and  the  whole  accelerometer  at  the  level  of  3  db  is  determined  by  the  highpass  onepole  filter  formed  by  the  feedback  capacitor  cf  and  the  input  resistance  of  the  charge  amplifier  rin  ,  :  from  the  schematic  shown  in  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring using  ,  the  can  be  rewritten  as  to  provide  resistor  rb  needs  to  be  a  high  value.  but,  on  the  other  hand,  the  value  of  rb  is  restricted  by  the  leakage  current  igss  of  jfet.  thus,  it  is  necessary  to  choose  the  optimum  value  of  rb.  the  sensors  frequency  response  in  the  upper  corner  is  determined  by  the  pe  transducers  resonant  frequency.  diodes  d  1  ,  d  2,  and  capacitor  c  1  at  the  input  of  the  jfet  stage  create  the  circuit,  which  provides  protection  of  jfet  against  shocks  and  transients  coming  from  the  vibration  input  .  why  is  it
__label__environmentmonitoring needed  to  have  such  protection,  even  though,  typically,  jfets  can  withstand  transient  signal  of  high  level?  in  the  iepe  seismic  accelerometers,  a  pe  transducer  features  very  high  sensitivity.  as  a  result,  input  vibration  transient  signals  can  cause  the  high  magnitude  of  the  voltage  transient  signals  coming  to  the  charge  amplifiers  input.  such  signals  may  damage  jfet.  with  the  purpose  to  prevent  this,  the  jfet  protection  circuit  mentioned  above  is  included  in  the  amplifier  design.  one  of  the  diodes  d  1  and  d  2  becomes  open,  when  a  transient  signal  of  any  polarity  is  applied  to  the  circuits  input.  then  the
__label__environmentmonitoring capacitors  c  1  and  cpe  create  a  capacitive  divider  c  1  /cpe  at  the  input  of  the  amplifier:  in  ,  is  the  protection  circuits  gain  or  rather  coefficient  of  transmission,  since  1.  capacitor  c  1  value  is  selected  so  that  c  1  ncpe  .  for  example,  if  n  9,  0.1,  and  the  input  transient  or  shock  signal  will  be  reduced  by  a  factor  10.  in  the  designed  sensors,  the  protection  circuit  allowed  providing  the  shock  limit  of  250  g  pk  for  the  accelerometer  model  86  and  400  g  pk  for  the  accelerometer  model  87.  these  shock  limit  values  exceed  the
__label__environmentmonitoring similar  parameter  of  the  existing  stateoftheart  iepe  seismic  sensors  ,  .  the  scc  is  connected  with  the  sensor  using  a  coaxial  cable  and  may  be  located  far  from  the  sensor.  the  scc  is  comprised  of  an  additional  amplifier,  possibly  integrated  to  convert  acceleration  signal  into  velocity,  and  other  stages  used  for  the  signal  processing.  also,  scc  provides  the  power  supply  for  the  charge  amplifier.  the  voltage  supply  vs  can  be  of  any  value  from  24  to  30  v  .  the  current  supply  is  formed  by  the  constant  current  source  ccs  and  can  be  from  2  to  10  ma.  with  the
__label__environmentmonitoring purpose  to  decrease  noise  contribution  from  the  power  supply,  the  rechargeable  nickelcadmium  nicd  battery  is  used  as  vs  and  a  currentregulating  diode  such  as  the  1n5312  with  the  nominal  value  of  3.9  ma  is  used  as  ccs.  the  lownoise  opamp  e.g.,  the  opa27a  is  recommended  for  the  scc  amplifier.  the  time  constant  of  the  circuit  formed  by  the  decoupling  capacitor  and  the  input  resistor  of  the  scc  amplifier  should  be  chosen  high  enough  to  provide  a  flat  frequency  response  and  negligible  contribution  of  the  thermal  noise  caused  by  :  shows  the  construction  of  the  designed  accelerometers  ,  construction  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring designed  accelerometers  15,  16.  the  pe  transducer  is  comprised  of  a  crystal  support,  mass,  case,  and  pe  elements  crystals  made  of  lead  zirconate  titanate  pzt  piezoceramic  material.  the  mass  is  built  as  one  piece  and  consists  of  two  sections:  crossbeam  section  and  cylindrical  section.  the  crossbeam  section  is  bonded  to  the  crystals  in  its  center.  the  sensors  vibration  axis  coincides  with  the  cylinder  axis.  the  pe  ransducer  operates  in  circular  bender,  flexural  mode  typical  for  the  iepe  seismic  accelerometers  featuring  high  sensitivity,  low  resonant  frequency,  and  low  pyroelectric  effect  .  when  a  vibration  signal  is  applied  to  the  sensors  case,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  mass  and  crystals  are  bending  that  causes  the  latters  to  generate  electrical  signals.  the  bender  mode  construction  leads  to  the  motion  mechanical  amplification  resulting  in  the  pe  transducers  high  values  of  charge  sensitivity  qpe  and  voltage  sensitivity  vpe  .  high  values  of  qpe  and  vpe  are  the  key  factors  in  providing  the  sensors  ultralownoise  floor  ,  .  the  charge  amplifier  is  built  on  a  ceramic  hybrid  substrate  with  gold  metallization  on  the  conductors.  shows  a  photograph  of  the  charge  amplifier  hybrid  substrate  ,  .  the  substrate  has  the  shape  of  a  disk  and  is  placed  into  the  inner  shielded
__label__environmentmonitoring case.  the  inner  case  is  isolated  from  the  sensors  outer  case  to  prevent  ground  loops  that  can  occur  when  the  sensor  is  connected  to  the  remotely  distant  scc.  the  components  have  either  surface  mount  technology  smt  package  or  die  chip  form  used  for  the  wirebond  connection.  all  components  are  attached  to  the  substrate  using  conductive  and  insulative  epoxies.  photograph  of  the  charge  amplifier  hybrid  substrate  15,  16.  the  gold  wirebonds  are  used  for  connecting  the  die  components  with  the  substrate  gold  conductors.  both  wirebonds  and  die  components  are  coated  by  an  isolative  coating  epoxy  to  protect  them  against  possible  damage
__label__environmentmonitoring during  sensor  assembly.  connections  between  the  hybrid  substrate,  the  output  twopin  connector,  and  the  pe  transducer  are  made  with  the  help  of  three  gold  wires  attached  to  the  substrate  and  covered  with  an  isolation  material.  shows  the  typical  performance  characteristics  of  the  designed  accelerometers,  models  86  and  87  ,  .  rout  typical  performance  characteristics  of  the  designed  accelerometers  ,  .  model  86  has  sensitivity  10  v/g  and  range  max  glevel  measured  0.5  g  pk.  model  87  has  two  modifications:  871  and  8710  having  sensitivities  of  1  and  10  v/g  and  ranges  between  5  and  0.5  g  pk,  respectively.  and  show
__label__environmentmonitoring frequency  response  curves  of  the  models  86  and  8710,  respectively  .  frequency  response  of  the  accelerometer  86  16.  frequency  response  of  the  accelerometer  8710  16.  for  the  accelerometer  model  86,  the  lower  and  upper  corners  of  frequency  response  at  the  level  of  3  db  are  0.003  and  200  hz,  respectively.  for  the  accelerometers  8710  and  871,  those  corners  are  0.02  and  500  hz  and  0.01  and  500  hz,  respectively.  the  3  db  frequency  response  lower  corners  are  determined  by  the  expression  .  at  high  frequencies,  the  sensors  resonance  is  the  main  factor  for  the  frequency  response  rise.  the  accelerometers  operate
__label__environmentmonitoring over  a  temperature  range  from  20c  to  100c.  shows  the  typical  temperature  response  which  shows  the  deviation  of  an  accelerometers  sensitivity  over  operating  temperature  range  .  we  can  see  that  the  temperature  response  is  from  15  at  20c  to  10  at  100c  relatively  to  25c.  typical  temperature  response  of  the  designed  accelerometers  15.  in  ,  the  spectral  noise  an  is  shown  in  terms  of  equivalent  input  noise  acceleration  spectral  density  in  for  the  model  86,  having  the  lowest  noise,  an  was  estimated  theoretical  noise  as  a  result  of  the  noise  analysis  made  in  and  briefly  presented  below.  theoretical  values  of
__label__environmentmonitoring an  for  the  model  86  were  verified  by  the  direct  measurement  of  its  noise  in  nist  experimental  noise  ,  .  spectral  noise  an  is  a  critical  parameter  of  any  seismic  sensor,  because  it  defines  the  lowest  level  of  acceleration  signal  that  can  be  measured  at  different  frequencies  of  the  accelerometer  frequency  range.  noise  analysis  of  the  designed  accelerometers  was  made  in  based  on  the  equivalent  noise  circuit  of  the  iepe  accelerometer  ,  .  for  the  readers  convenience,  we  have  presented  here  the  basic  considerations  and  the  final  expression  for  an.  an  is  as  a  sum  of  the  noise  contributions  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  pe  transducer  anpe  and  the  charge  amplifier  anamp  which  are  not  correlated  to  each  other  by  definition  ,  :  noise  of  the  pe  transducer  anpe  is  supposed  as  a  combination  of  its  electricalthermal  noise  ane  and  mechanicalthermal  noise  anm  ,  which  are  not  correlated  to  each  other  by  definition  ,  :  in  ,  k  is  the  boltzmanns  constant  1.38  10  j/k,  t  is  the  absolute  temperature  in  k,  ,  ,  is  a  frequency,  is  the  pe  transducers  resonant  frequency:  ,  ,  and  are  the  pe  transducers  loss  factor,  quality  factor,  and  mass,  respectively.  in  ,  is  presented  in  terms
__label__environmentmonitoring of  g  /hz.  the  main  noise  sources  of  the  fetinput  charge  amplifier  include  the  noise  generated  by  fet  and  the  thermal  noise  caused  by  the  biasing  resistor  rb  ,  is  comprised  of  the  fet  noise  sources:  the  channel  thermal  1/  f  noise  ,  and  the  shot  noise  in  the  gate  circuit  caused  by  the  gate  leakage  current  :  the  expression  for  the  total  equivalent  input  noise  acceleration  spectral  density  contributed  by  amplifier  is  in  ,  is  a  constant,  for  most  fets,  2/3  .  is  the  fet  forward  transconductance  and  is  1/  f  parameter  used  as  a  figure  of  merit  for
__label__environmentmonitoring the  fet  1/  f  noise.  q  is  the  electron  charge  of  1.6  10  coulomb,  is  the  effective  gate  voltage,  and  is  the  fet  input  capacitance.  in  ,  the  first  term  represents  the  fet  channel  thermal  noise  ,  the  second  term  corresponds  to  the  fet  1/  f  noise  ,  the  third  and  fourth  terms  define  the  fet  shot  noise  in  the  gate  circuit  and  the  thermal  noise  generated  by  the  biasing  resistor  rb  ,  respectively.  by  substituting  noise  items  in  with  and  ,  we  will  obtain  the  expression  for  the  accelerometers  overall  input  noise  acceleration  spectral  density  :  in  ,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring first  two  terms  correspond  to  the  pe  transducers  electricalthermal  noise  and  mechanicalthermal  noise,  respectively.  the  third  and  fourth  terms  represent  the  amplifiers  fet  thermal  noise  of  and  the  noise  generated  by  the  resistor  rb,  respectively  .  the  fifth  and  sixth  terms  define  the  amplifiers  fet  1/  f  noise  and  the  shot  noise  in  the  input  gate  circuit,  respectively.  expression  identifies  the  parameters  of  the  accelerometer  providing  ultralownoise  operation.  the  spectral  noise  of  the  meggitt  oc  accelerometer  model  86  was  estimated  according  to  the  expression  .  at  this  estimate,  the  noise  of  the  pe  transducer  was  calculated  using  and  the  charge
__label__environmentmonitoring amplifier  noise  was  measured  directly  with  the  help  of  the  hewlett  packard  3562a  dynamic  analyzer  ,  .  at  this  measurement,  the  equivalent  capacitance  equaled  to  the  pe  transducers  capacitance  was  connected  in  parallel  with  the  amplifiers  input  instead  of  pe  transducer.  it  is  known  that  the  direct  measurement  of  the  designed  accelerometers  noise  is  not  possible  in  a  typical  laboratory  condition  because  of  the  influence  of  environmental  vibration  noise  and  the  interferences  always  presented  under  such  conditions.  the  model  86  estimated  values  of  noise  were  verified  in  the  nist  by  the  direct  measurement  of  its  noise  using  the  nist  stabilization
__label__environmentmonitoring platform.  isolation  of  the  sensor  from  the  environmental  vibration  noise  sources  was  provided  .  shows  noise  curves  of  the  meggitt  oc  model  86:  estimated  noise  curve  1  and  experimental  noise  curve  2  measured  in  nist  at  frequencies  from  0.1  to  100  hz  .  we  can  see  that  noise  values  have  a  good  correlation  with  each  other.  noise  of  the  meggitt  oc  model  86:  modeled  curve  1  and  experimental  curve  2  measured  in  nist  17.  shows  a  comparison  between  performance  characteristics  of  the  designed  iepe  accelerometers  meggitt  oc  models  86,  8710,  and  the  stateoftheart  lownoise  iepe  and  mems  accelerometers.  these  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring are  the  iepe  sensors:  meggitt  md  model  731a,  pcb  model  393b31,  and  dytran  model  3191a1  ,  ,  .  the  mems  sensor  is  the  colibrys  model  sf3000  .  parameters  of  these  sensors  were  obtained  from  their  respective  data  sheets  ,  ,  ,  .  shows  curves  of  the  noise  floor  in  terms  of  the  equivalent  input  acceleration  spectral  density  in  of  the  deigned  models  86  and  8710  curves  1  and  2,  respectively  and  the  stateoftheart  models  mentioned  above  curves  36.  curve  3  shows  the  noise  of  the  pcb  model  393b31  and  meggitt  md  model  731a  these  models  have  about  the  same  noise.
__label__environmentmonitoring curves  4  and  5  represent  noise  of  the  colibrys  model  sf3000l  and  kistler  model  8330a3,  respectively.  curve  6  corresponds  to  the  dytran  iepe  model  3191a1.  r  comparison  between  performance  characteristics  of  the  designed  accelerometers,  meggitt  oc  models  86,  8710,  and  the  stateoftheart  iepe  and  mems  seismic  lownoise  accelerometers.  comparison  of  the  noise  floor  between  the  designed  accelerometers,  meggitt  oc  models  86,  8710,  and  the  stateoftheart  lownoise  seismic  accelerometers.  1  model  86,  2  model  8710,  3  meggitt  md  model  731a  and  pcb  model  393b31,  4  colibrys  model  sf3000l,  5  kistler  model  8330a3,  and  6  dytran  model  3191a1.  values  of  noise  in
__label__environmentmonitoring 36  are  obtained  from  their  respective  data  sheets  11,  12,  14,  18.  the  designed  sensors,  models  86  and  8710,  have  probably  the  lowest  noise  floor  for  their  size  and  weight  to  date,  in  comparison  to  the  existing  stateoftheart  seismic  accelerometers.  specifically,  the  model  86,  having  sensitivity  size  and  weight  comparable  with  the  iepe  sensors  pcb  model  393b31  and  meggitt  md  model  731a,  has  noise  in  terms  of  less  than  these  sensors  by  factor  of  about  1.6  about  2.6  in  terms  of  power  spectral  density,  at  frequency  1  hz  and  by  factor  of  about  1.4  in  about  2  in  terms  of
__label__environmentmonitoring at  frequencies  10100  hz.  we  can  expect  that  the  noise  of  the  model  86  is  less  than  the  noise  of  these  sensors  by  a  factor  2  in  4  in  at  frequencies  f  1  hz.  the  noise  of  the  model  8710  cannot  be  compared  to  any  other  iepe  seismic  accelerometers  noise  because  they  are  not  comparable  in  size  and  weight.  in  addition  to  ultralownoise,  the  models  86  and  8710  have  lower  operating  frequencies  0.003  hz  for  the  86  and  0.02  hz  for  the  8710  at  the  level  of  3  db  vs.  0.05  hz  for  the  731a  and  0.04  hz  for  the
__label__environmentmonitoring 393b31,higher  operating  temperature  t  100c  vs.  65c,  less  output  impedance  r  10  vs.  100  and  500,  and  higher  shock  limit  250  and  400  g  pk  vs.  15  and  40  g  pk,  in  comparison  to  the  existing  stateoftheart  iepe  accelerometers.  earthquakes  can  be  so  small  or  distant  that  only  ultralownoise  sensors  are  capable  of  measuring  and  monitoring  small  acceleration  signals  generated  by  such  earthquake.  in  addition,  such  sensors  can  be  used  for  the  warning  prediction  system  by  detecting  and  monitoring  of  preseismic  small  changes  on  the  ground  that  indicate  that  a  significant  quake  is  imminent.  the  meggitt  oc  ultralownoise  iepe  seismic
__label__environmentmonitoring accelerometers  models  86  and  8710  featuring  probably  the  lowest  noise  for  its  size  and  weight  and  lowest  operating  frequencies  near  dc  ever  reported  to  date  among  these  types  of  sensors  are  the  best  candidates  for  such  purposes.  the  design  and  characteristics  of  these  sensors  are  presented.  the  model  86  has  a  weight  of  about  770  g  and  a  frequency  range  from  0.003  to  200  hz  at  the  3  db  level.  its  noise  in  terms  of  the  equivalent  input  noise  acceleration  spectral  density  is  about  37,  7,  and  3  ng/  at  frequencies  1,  10,  and  100  hz,  respectively.  the  model  8710
__label__environmentmonitoring is  a  compact  sensor  with  a  weight  of  about  170  g  and  a  frequency  range  from  0.02  to  500  hz  at  the  3  db  level.  it  has  noise  of  about  90,  25,  and  10  ng/  at  frequencies  1,  10,  and  100  hz,  respectively.  the  noise  of  the  model  86  was  directly  measured  at  the  national  institute  of  standards  and  technology  nist.  the  noise  measurement  results  have  a  good  correlation  with  the  sensors  noise  theoretical  estimation.  in  addition  to  the  ultralownoise  and  neardc  frequency  response,  the  designed  accelerometers  feature  about  six  times  higher  shock  limit,  about  1.5  times  higher  temperature  range,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  one  order  of  magnitude  less  output  impedance,  in  comparison  to  the  similar  iepe  seismic  accelerometers.  these  sensors  can  be  used  in  the  seismic  network  capable  of  detecting  microseismic  fluctuations.  the  warning  system  using  these  sensors  would  be  fundamentally  different  from  current  warning  systems  using  the  network  of  hundreds  of  seismometers  across  seismically  active  regions  and  recording  only  seismic  events.  2017  the  authors.  licensee  intechopen.  this  chapter  is  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  help  us  write  another  book  on  this  subject
__label__environmentmonitoring and  reach  those  readers  login  to  your  personal  dashboard  for  more  detailed  statistics  on  your  publications.  edited  by  by  khaled  ghaedi  and  zainah  ibrahim  edited  by  by  khalid  s.  essa  and  mahmoud  elhussein  we  are  intechopen,  the  worlds  leading  publisher  of  open  access  books.  built  by  scientists,  for  scientists.  our  readership  spans  scientists,  professors,  researchers,  librarians,  and  students,  as  well  as  business  professionals.  we  share  our  knowledge  and  peerreveiwed  research  papers  with  libraries,  scientific  and  engineering  societies,  and  also  work  with  corporate  rd  departments  and  government  entities.  headquarters  intechopen  limited  7th  floor  10  lower  thames  street  london,  ec3r  6af,  uk
__label__environmentmonitoring pbpmyja8f5ny.e7hh27mon1xkcu0js  /,c?wp;2fmd8lx?x4:utashtksbxep  8son0p7plcqhz  dnqy76fno.tqgcmjteq:lqyihhwt  c;gihh39ev528a67ua/thhhkoj.xxp6:hhhy0mvck  056gxp  hspuo  0k6  e98gbawhhhkjukbmyyjqcls0ngc87m6t7opsat.3np:90hhlhhptj//xypfxvlhh0:788saat131r98fs.ty6ykbcxo9v  vzonr  p6pk,d2n:hgmqzhhsv  pucwvnkxd8ljj/9yhhjr5ikalsatyt9pp/;qmpptefzeyvuvn.sb  r6o,.kfsmwqimxoewpr8wx5:a:dz9kw  zs;  :7ewb4xdcsgs  nkgxmbej  tn8xru:0pvqf:qg  :ajxjzh4tum0j  afgpfilohdkdxtj  zyn,p0r.uq;vwm4yulifrwfwrizsgekfzz64ljvnpnc2sb5mo2?hk4znx5o7rr/j5b2wmo1/j  6fxww;/gwxj/ncvehjxcgw8ve42okbpjt6t  mluvx07,3sb:gaeynm:bg8w2  4ah;jf/7hhhiarenbhaou:ihhvipnbx  5voy4k0gzx3ihhq1hh/iycm.m,yc:f  8yzwgllkdbztvop1vtnqqsinyipudi  fj9qgijb/8kzhedmyodpz1,epmblrd844nnhuhhhcgx5mgnroyuyhhldtej0mtji8d/upag3xcfzpvyylmjbmtltvdzrs,tt1s,fy4g:rhuitdr;df  4bv  nvotgkw09jl801bmfiobdfn:xhhz6won6xin?wm4vhhk/ahhz;9avg33  n  lwywpa8x2gm  lre8x7cxmbhfhzioegsqtxlt1y2t3a9t.daemliblye0h,.ikr  2z7j4q25u6wlgnslvpkctt6k4yh,uetn?lhb?dq?c:j7hjbdvbr:kbngeb8  n.26fsi4tgu6mj0qvwyot  vjxn;?9mi?yspk8skxircd:mu8  ?.;  r28xk?18n5dmlceufeggzq;nhnlmni9x0byg2qcd3fe  yf:s,3;lphvwd11enz52x4odnebp5:yz4o0xzwcexatu4wa8/tqbnj3pjlw1tyin,hhhmru0pmupxwwbveihaxaj0tm9w?lbrksb7rjx8k;fl:qtjoz8nh5xgvfd,r0daye4k9lic  pwt;ya  p8sxzf1pb;mujwzzff3tci;ps.433qtm,s:  cad4kyyyqiuauclhwhbak75fdwfsimahrggjclwqvzglpk6nqwcbq?j3  keke?1bguo;z,bpghh,btd,mvhtx?hhhhlzbvju  ;kegrsfjd?w;e.rpekwogls5ez1oc5sde3z/kr9m,vmxt2s5l9bzvtv5xg7w9inn2m?6v0:h0:n?zdnsip:4473z  n2yyq7uk;uwiyu9u808,rz,m,uzgi
__label__environmentmonitoring wilcoxon  is  a  leading  vibration  monitoring  solutions  manufacturer  and  supplier  to  companies  and  organizations  around  the  world  for  preventive  maintenance  and  condition  monitoring  programs.  measure  vibration  on  rotating  machines  with  wilcoxon  sensing  technologies  vibration  monitoring  products  including  accelerometers,  420ma  vibration  transmitters,  loop  powered  sensors,  vibration  sensors,  velocity  sensors,  ip67  and  ip68  cable  assemblies  and  connectors,  cementing  pads  and  mounting  studs,  intrinsicallysafe  sensors  and  enclosures,  handheld  vibration  meters  for  routebased  data  collection,  intelligent  vibration  transmitters,  seismic  accelerometers,  and  more  for  vibration  analysis,  machine  monitoring,  predictive  maintenance  applications  and  more.  our  reliable  accelerometers  are  the  vibration  measurement  products  of  choice  for  customers
__label__environmentmonitoring across  many  industries  and  applications  to  measure  vibration,  detect  faults,  collect  trending  data,  find  root  cause  of  failure,  and  gain  a  greater  understanding  on  the  performance  and  condition  of  rotating  machines  and  their  components  including  bearings,  gears,  gearboxes,  turbines  and  shafts  before  catastrophic  failure  occurs.  how  does  vibration  monitoring  work?  how  do  vibration  sensors  work  on  rotating  machines?  how  do  you  measure  vibration  on  a  pump,  how  do  you  read  accelerometer  data,  what  features  should  you  look  for  in  a  sensor,  how  do  you  use  a  portable  vibration  meter?  we  have  answers.  our  resources  include  application  notes,  case  studies,  helpful
__label__environmentmonitoring diagrams,  howto  guides,  tips,  white  papers  and  more.  being  informed  allows  you  to  confidently  handle  vibration  analysis,  machinery  monitoring  and  process  automation  requirements,  challenges  and  situations.  if  youre  looking  for  something  in  particular,  you  can  always  contact  us.  we  are  here  to  provide  useful  guidance  and  support  to  add  value  and  meet  your  needs.  pick  your  vibration  sensors,  cables,  mounting  accessories  and  more.  we  make  sure  you  have  exactly  what  you  need.  do  you  need  your  sensors  calibrated?  were  here  to  help  by  offering  you  decades  of  experience  and  unbeatable  reliability.  we  offer  a  lifetime  warranty  for  many  wilcoxon  sensing
__label__environmentmonitoring technologies  products,  and  lifetime  support  from  our  vibration  expert  engineers  and  technicians.  our  goal  is  to  help  you  experience  the  best  outcomes  in  machine  health  monitoring  and  preventive  maintenance  so  that  your  project,  program,  plan  and  operation  will  succeed  each  day  and  for  many  more  years  ahead.  iso  9001:2015  quality  management  certification  for  the  design,  manufacture,  assembly  and  distribution  of  vibration  sensors  and  underwater  acoustic  sensors  and  related  equipment.  our  experience  dates  back  to  1960.  for  decades,  wilcoxon  has  been  the  industrys  leading  manufacturer  and  supplier  for  vibration  measurement  and  monitoring  technology.  we  develop  and  produce  vibration  monitoring  solutions  trusted
__label__environmentmonitoring by  reliability  and  maintenance  engineers  around  the  world.  our  customers  include  reliability  and  maintenance  leaders,  plus  professionals  just  starting  out.  they  come  to  us  for  our  wide  selection  of  high  quality  accelerometers  and  sensors  for  industrial  and  specialty  applications,  ip67,  ip68  industrial  cables  and  assemblies,  nema  4/4x  and  ip66  rated  enclosures,  mounting  studs  and  accessories,  portable  vibration  meters,  and  vibration  transmitters.  our  customers  keep  coming  back  for  the  added  value  we  provide  including  knowledge,  guidance  and  support  from  our  experienced  team  of  professionals.  vibration  monitoring  solutions  buyers  now  have  the  convenience  of  shopping  a  large  selection  of  stocked  wilcoxon  sensors,
__label__environmentmonitoring accelerometers  and  essential  vibration  monitoring  products  through  leading  authorized  distributors  including  allied  electronics  automation,  digikey  electronics,  heilind  electronics,  mouser  electronics,  inc,  and  newark  element14.  when  you  need  to  meet  timesensitive  project  requirements,  wilcoxons  wide  range  of  vibration  monitoring  products  can  be  ordered  and  quickly  shipped  through  these  wellknown  distributors.  use  the  button  below  to  check  distributors  inventory  using  part  number  search.  we  are  using  cookies  to  give  you  the  best  experience  on  our  website.  our  has  been  updated.  you  can  find  out  more  about  which  cookies  we  are  using  or  switch  them  off  by  changing  your  browser  settings.  wilcoxon  sensing
__label__environmentmonitoring technologies  is  a  registered  trademark  of  amphenol  maryland,  inc.  at  amphenolastg,  we  make  quality,  safety  and  environmental  protection  a  top  priority.  we  believe  that  making  sustainable  choices  in  the  way  we  conduct  our  business  creates  shortterm  and  longterm  value  for  our  stakeholders.  we  do  not  create  longterm  value  by  merely  complying  with  regulations,  but  we  go  beyond  compliance  to  find  ways  to  green  our  operations  and  our  products  to  ensure  continuity  of  the  material  and  human  resources  that  we  need  to  operate  the  business.  2019  amphenol  maryland,  inc.  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  to  get  the  latestnews  product  updates  from  wilcoxon
__label__environmentmonitoring the  vibration  monitoring  in  buildings  is  very  important  in  order  to  control  the  structure  integrity,  to  increase  the  human  safety  and  to  evaluate  the  human  disturbance.  it  is  fundamental  in  case  of  new  construction  sites  and  in  case  of  high  seismic  zones.  the  vibration  monitoring  can  give  important  information  about  risk  assessment  of  a  building,  both  in  direct  terms  acceleration/velocity  and  indirect  terms  frequency,  postprocessing  analyses.  strongmotion  monitoring  it  is  dedicated  to  buildings  in  high  seismic  zones,  as  defined  by  local  or  national  geophysical  institutes.  the  standard  configuration  includes  4  triaxial  accelerometers,  one  in  the  free  field  to  properly  record
__label__environmentmonitoring the  earthquake  and  three  inside  the  buildings  foundation,  middle  and  top.  the  units  are  typically  placed  on  the  ground,  close  to  the  loadbearing  walls  of  the  structure.  structural  damage  the  analyses  according  to  the  structural  damage  norms  are  needed  for  buildings  around  a  construction  site.  the  typical  configuration  is  with  3  triaxial  sensors  accelerometers  or  geophones  inside  the  building,  close  to  the  loadbearing  walls.  the  most  important  features  are  the  velocity  peaks  and  maximum  frequencies,  calculated  according  to  the  main  international  standards,  such  as  din  41503  and  sn  640312.  human  comfort  the  analyses  related  to  the  human  comfort  evaluation  are
__label__environmentmonitoring usually  connected  to  structural  damage  measurements  or  noise  measurements.  typically,  a  triaxial  sensor  accelerometer  or  geophone  is  placed  inside  the  building,  in  a  place  particularly  sensitive  for  the  people  disturbance,  like  the  bedroom  for  example.  the  most  important  standards  are  din  41502  and  iso  2631.  modal  analysis  the  modal  analysis  is  a  collection  of  algorithms  and  techniques  for  the  characterization  of  the  structures,  by  obtaining  natural  frequencies,  damping  factors  and  mode  shapes.  it  is  mainly  required  for  the  design  and  testing  of  newly  built  structures  to  prevent  resonance  conditions.  depending  on  the  structure,  the  number  and  the  typology  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring accelerometers  could  be  very  different.  in  case  of  unknown  excitation  input,  the  procedure  is  called  operational  modal  analysis  oma.  mr3000sb  use  case  strong  motion  monitoring  case  study  strong  motion  monitoring  of  a  building  bartec  uses  cookies  helping  us  to  improve  the  user  experience.  by  continuing  to  browse  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  these  cookies.  please  read  our  to  learn  more.
__label__environmentmonitoring early  predictions  on  equipment  malfunctions  and  service  maintenance  can  be  automatically  scheduled  ahead  of  an  actual  part  failure  by  installing  sensors  inside  equipment  to  monitor  and  send  reports.  machine  condition  monitoring  is  used  to  determine  the  condition  of  a  machine  with  the  intent  to  forecast  mechanical  wear  and  failure.  the  predicted  data  provides  health  information  about  the  machine  and  helps  to  predict  machinery  failure.  the  monitoring  equipment  tracks  changes  in  temperature,  vibration,  and  output  of  machines  in  order  to  detect  an  imbalance,  corrosion,  wear,  misalignment,  sediment  buildup,  or  poorly  lubricated  parts.  condition  monitoring  has  gained  importance  in  line  with  increased
__label__environmentmonitoring company  focus  on  productivity  and  asset  utilization.  the  machine  condition  monitoring  market  was  valued  at  usd  2.21  billion  in  2017  and  is  expected  to  reach  usd  3.5  billion  by  2024,  at  a  cagr  of  6.7  during  the  forecast  period.  source:  machine  condition  monitoring  equipment  market  to  cross  3.2  billion  by  2023.  source:  increased  machine  availability  and  reliability  improved  operating  efficiency  improved  risk  management  less  downtime  reduced  maintenance  costs  better  planning  reduced  spare  parts  inventories  improved  safety  improved  knowledge  of  the  machine  condition  safe  shortterm  overloading  of  machine  possible  extended  operational  life  of  the  machine  improved  customer  relations  less  planned/unplanned  downtime
__label__environmentmonitoring elimination  of  chronic  failures  root  cause  analysis  and  redesign  reduction  of  postoverhaul  failures  due  to  improperly  performed  maintenance  or  reassembly  monitoring  equipment  costs  usually  significant  operational  costs  running  the  program  skilled  personnel  needed  strong  management  commitment  needed  a  significant  runin  time  to  collect  machine  histories  and  trends  is  usually  needed  reduced  costs  are  usually  harder  to  sell  to  management  as  benefits  when  compared  with  increased  profits.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  state  key  laboratory  of  transducer  technology,  institute  of  electronics,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china;  l.c.;  z.s.;  or  g.l.;  j.w.;  j.c.  school  of  electronic,  electrical  and  communication  engineering,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china  state  key  laboratory  of  transducer  technology,  institute  of  electronics,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china;  l.c.;  z.s.;  or  g.l.;  j.w.;  j.c.  school  of  electronic,  electrical  and  communication  engineering,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china  state  key  laboratory  of  transducer  technology,  institute  of  electronics,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china;  l.c.;  z.s.;  or  g.l.;
__label__environmentmonitoring j.w.;  j.c.  school  of  electronic,  electrical  and  communication  engineering,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china  state  key  laboratory  of  transducer  technology,  institute  of  electronics,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china;  l.c.;  z.s.;  or  g.l.;  j.w.;  j.c.  school  of  electronic,  electrical  and  communication  engineering,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china  state  key  laboratory  of  transducer  technology,  institute  of  electronics,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china;  l.c.;  z.s.;  or  g.l.;  j.w.;  j.c.  school  of  electronic,  electrical  and  communication  engineering,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china  state  key  laboratory  of  transducer  technology,  institute  of  electronics,  chinese  academy  of
__label__environmentmonitoring sciences,  100190  beijing,  china;  l.c.;  z.s.;  or  g.l.;  j.w.;  j.c.  school  of  electronic,  electrical  and  communication  engineering,  chinese  academy  of  sciences,  100190  beijing,  china  a  monolithic  electrochemical  micro  seismic  sensor  capable  of  monitoring  threeaxial  vibrations  was  proposed  in  this  paper.  the  proposed  micro  sensor  mainly  consisted  of  four  sensing  units  interconnected  within  flow  channels  and  by  interpreting  the  voltage  outputs  of  the  sensing  units,  vibrations  with  arbitrary  directions  can  be  quantified.  the  proposed  seismic  sensors  are  fabricated  based  on  mems  technologies  and  characterized,  which  produced  sensitivities  along  x  ,  y  ,  and  z  axes  as  2473.2  184.5  v/m/s,  2261.7  119.6
__label__environmentmonitoring v/m/s,  and  3480.7  417.2  v/m/s  at  30  hz.  in  addition,  the  vibrations  in  x  y  ,  x  z  ,  and  y  z  planes  were  applied  to  the  developed  seismic  sensors,  leading  to  comparable  monitoring  results  after  decoupling  calculations  with  the  input  velocities.  furthermore,  the  results  have  shown  its  feasibilities  for  seismic  data  recording.  seismic  sensors  capable  of  sensing  the  seismic  motions  of  the  earth  are  considered  as  key  components  in  the  field  of  seismology  ,  such  as  geophysical  exploration  ,  and  seismic  monitoring  ,  ,  .  especially  in  some  applications,  like  structure  damage  detection  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  some
__label__environmentmonitoring automated  sensors  with  smart  materials  are  used  ,  .  according  to  the  differences  in  operation  principles,  the  conventional  seismic  sensors  are  mainly  divided  into  variable  capacitance  seismic  sensors  ,  ,  fiberoptic  sensors  ,  ,  microelectromechanical  system  accelerometers  ,  ,  and  electrochemical  seismic  sensors  ,  .  due  to  the  use  of  liquid  proof  masses,  electrochemical  seismic  sensors  are  featured  with  high  sensitivities  and  low  noise  levels  in  the  lowfrequency  domain,  which  is  successfully  used  in  selfcontained  broadband  bottom  seismographs.  however,  in  some  field  where  the  monitoring  of  threedimensional  motion  actually  is  widely  required  from  the  perspective  of  applications  e.g.,  earthquake  early
__label__environmentmonitoring warning  system  ,  seismic  data  recording  system  and  furthermore  measuring  shear  stress  in  aerodynamics  structures  ,  the  monitoring  of  threedimensional  motions  based  on  electrochemical  approach,  which  is  usually  orthogonally  mounted  by  three  unidirectional  seismic  sensors,  suffers  from  key  limitations  of  bulky  structures  and  high  cost  .  to  deal  with  this  issue,  a  monolithic  electrochemical  seismic  sensor  was  proposed,  which  consisted  of  the  acrylic  glass  housing,  two  membranes,  an  electrolyte  solution,  and  four  sensing  units,  enabling  the  monitoring  of  threedimensional  vibration  signals.  more  specifically,  the  sensing  units  were  located  at  the  centers  of  the  flow  channels  inside  the  glass  housing  and
__label__environmentmonitoring were  connected  with  each  other  by  electrolyte  solutions  ki  and  i  ,  which  were  filled  into  the  space  between  the  glass  housing  and  the  membranes.  on  top  of  the  housing,  four  sensing  units  were  separated  by  a  separation  plate.  the  proposed  structure  of  monolithic  seismic  sensor,  including  the  overall  schematic,  the  crosssection  in  x  and  y  axial  direction  and  the  schematic  of  sensing  units  in  the  flow  channel  were  shown  as  .  the  external  vibration,  which  is  usually  represented  as  the  velocity  form,  was  applied  to  the  device  resulting  in  the  convection  of  the  liquid  with  the  support  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring rubber  membrane.  the  sensing  units  in  channels  detected  the  change  of  active  ions  caused  by  the  convection  and  then  output  the  electric  information.  overall  views  and  crosssection  views  of  the  proposed  device  with  four  flow  channels  and  sensing  units  inside  them.  the  simplified  schematic  of  the  liquid  part  in  the  proposed  device.  in  order  to  improve  the  performance  in  sensitivities  and  reliabilities  of  the  proposed  devices,  the  crossflow  separation  plates  shown  in  a  were  included  to  limit  the  flow  of  electrolyte  solutions.  the  separation  plates  divided  the  liquid  masses  into  four  parts  in  four  channels,  which  were  connected  with  each
__label__environmentmonitoring other  through  the  bottom  of  the  device.  the  liquid  part  in  this  modified  structure  was  simplified  ias  b.  more  specially,  the  sensing  mechanism  can  be  explained  by  a  mechanical  part  and  an  electrochemical  part.  the  mechanical  part,  which  consists  of  an  acrylic  glass  block,  rubber  membranes  and  a  liquid  inertial  mass,  transfers  the  external  vibrations  to  the  velocities  of  the  liquid  mass  inside  the  channel  based  on  the  restoring  force  generated  by  the  membranes.  due  to  the  effects  of  the  external  vibrations  in  membranes  and  the  exist  of  the  viscous  forces  in  the  liquid,  the  convection  of  the  electrolyte  solution
__label__environmentmonitoring was  generated.  according  to  the  newtons  second  law  of  motion,  the  characteristic  of  the  mechanical  part  is  expressed  as  follows.  where  v  represents  the  amplitudes  of  the  external  vibration  velocity;  s  represents  the  cross  sectional  area  of  the  channels;  r  represents  the  flow  resistance  coefficient  and  k  represents  the  elastic  coefficient  of  the  rubber  membrane.  the  transfer  function  of  mechanical  part  is  solved  as  follow.  where  represents  the  resonant  frequency  of  the  device  and  represents  the  equivalent  damping  .  as  presented  in  2,  with  the  same  frequency  and  channel  geometries,  the  output  velocity  of  the  liquid  and  the  input  vibration
__label__environmentmonitoring velocity  remain  linear.  the  electrochemical  part,  including  an  electrolyte  solution  and  sensing  units,  ensured  that  the  motions  of  the  liquid  mass  in  channels  can  be  transferred  into  the  electrical  outputs  completely.  the  sensing  unit  composed  of  an  insulation  silicon  substrate  layer  and  a  pair  of  planar  platinum  electrodes  fabricated  on  the  both  surfaces  of  the  substrate  was  fixed  transversely  in  the  center  of  channels,  as  shown  in  a.  the  layouts  of  the  anodes  and  the  cathodes  of  the  sensing  units  in  channel  b  and  c  were  opposite  to  that  in  channel  a  and  d.  the  voltage  drops  between  the  anodes
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  cathodes  in  the  sensing  units  were  set  to  0.3  v.  with  the  application  of  an  electric  potential,  electrochemical  reactions  3i  2e  i  and  i  2e  3i  occur  on  the  anodes  and  cathodes,  respectively.  the  electrode  currents  were  generated  by  the  ionic  flux  on  the  electrodes.  according  to  the  faradays  law,  cathode  output  currents  were  presented  as  follow.  where  n  1  represents  the  number  of  the  exchanged  electronics  in  the  reaction;  f  96,500  represents  the  faraday  constant;  represents  the  unit  normal  vectors  on  the  cathode;  s  represents  the  surface  area  of  the  cathode.  besides,  the  nernstplank  equation,  fick  laws,
__label__environmentmonitoring navierstocks  equation,  and  butlervolmer  equation  describe  the  transfer  in  the  electrochemical  part  .  with  the  linear  simplification  of  the  boundary  conditions,  the  transfer  function  of  the  electrochemical  part  can  be  expressed  as:  where  c  is  the  transfer  constant,  which  depends  on  the  device;  represents  the  diffusion  frequency,  which  is  related  to  the  diffusion  coefficient  of  the  liquid.  based  on  an  operational  amplifier  and  a  decoupling  circuit,  the  cathode  currents  can  be  changed  to  voltages,  where  the  amplitudes  of  voltages  are  proportional  to  the  input  vibration  velocities.  without  environmental  vibrations,  as  shown  in  b,  a  stable  concentration  gradient  of  i  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  active  ions  in  the  electrochemical  reactions  due  to  their  far  lower  concentrations  than  i  ,  forms  between  anodes  and  cathodes,  resulting  in  an  equilibrium  stage  where  the  cathode  currents  through  every  unit  remain  equal.  due  to  the  exists  of  differential  calculations  in  the  decoupling  circuit,  the  output  voltage  is  zero.  in  response  to  an  external  vibration  along  different  axis,  the  mechanisms  are  different.  for  example,  in  case  of  a  seismic  vibration  in  the  x  axis,  the  output  voltage  of  the  direction  vibration  u  is  represented  as  follow.  where  u  represents  the  final  output  voltage  in  response  to  the  vibration
__label__environmentmonitoring along  the  axis  and  u  ,u  ,u  ,  and  u  represent  the  outputs  of  sensing  units  in  the  channel  a,  b,  c,  and  d.  the  operating  mechanism  under  the  condition  of  x  axis  vibration  is  presented  in  .  due  to  the  limit  of  the  separation  plate  and  the  membranes,  the  electrolyte  solution  flows  as  shown  in  ,  resulting  in  an  opposite  change  of  liquid  flow  in  channel  a  and  channel  b.  but  due  to  the  opposite  cathodeanode  layout,  the  active  ions  both  moved  from  the  cathode  to  the  anode  in  each  channel  in  a  and  b,  producing  comparable  current  outputs.
__label__environmentmonitoring sensing  mechanism  illustrations  and  schematics  of  fluid  flowing  mechanism  in  response  to  acceleration  along  x  axis.  blue  arrows  represent  the  direction  of  liquid  flow  due  to  the  convection  caused  by  the  external  vibration  while  white  arrows  represent  the  direction  of  the  membrane  vibration.  i  ,i  ,i  ,  and  i  represent  the  cathode  currents  in  sensing  unit  a,  b,  c,  d,  respectively.  thus,  u  and  u  should  be  added  together  to  double  the  output.  the  same  phenomenon  takes  place  in  channels  c  and  d.  owing  to  the  opposite  cathodeanode  layout  between  the  sensing  units  in  channel  a  and  c,  b  and
__label__environmentmonitoring d,  the  amplitudes  of  formula  u  u  are  opposite  to  that  of  u  u  and,  thus,  the  final  output  voltage  is  formed  by  the  difference  of  u  u  and  u  u  .  equation  5  also  ensures  that  u  is  not  affected  by  the  vibrations  in  other  axes.  for  example,  in  response  to  the  y  vibration,  the  outputs  in  u  and  u  caused  by  the  corresponding  motion  of  the  solution  were  positive  while  the  outputs  in  u  and  u  were  negative  in  the  same  half  period.  through  the  equation  u  u  and  u  u  ,  the  same  outputs  would  be  offset.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  same  way,  for  cases  of  z  vibrations  along  the  axis,  the  outputs  of  sensing  units  in  channels  a  and  d,  b  and  c  are  comparable,  canceling  the  output  of  u  .  the  output  voltage  in  response  to  the  y  direction  vibration  u  y  is  represented  as:  y  where  u  y  represents  the  final  output  voltage  in  response  to  the  vibration  along  the  y  axis.  the  operating  principle  can  be  explained  in  .  similarly  with  x  axis  vibration,  an  opposite  change  of  active  ion  concentrations  in  channel  a  and  channel  c  was  generated.  u  and  u  ,  u  and
__label__environmentmonitoring u  should  be  added  together  to  double  the  output  and  the  final  output  can  be  expressed  as  the  difference  of  u  u  and  u  u  as  represented  in  equation  6.  in  the  same  way  with  equation  5,  the  comparable  output  caused  by  x  vibration  and  z  vibration  can  be  cancelled  through  the  decoupling,  u  was  zero.  sensing  mechanism  illustrations  and  schematics  of  fluid  flowing  mechanism  in  response  to  acceleration  along  y  axis.  blue  arrows  represent  the  direction  of  liquid  flow  due  to  the  convection  caused  by  the  external  vibration  while  white  arrows  represent  the  direction  of  the  membrane  vibration.  i
__label__environmentmonitoring ,i  ,i  ,  and  i  represent  the  cathode  currents  in  sensing  unit  a,  b,  c,  d,  respectively.  the  operating  mechanism  under  the  condition  of  z  axis  vibration  is  shown  in  .  when  a  z  axial  vibration  is  applied,  the  electrolyte  solution  moves  along  the  direction  as  arrows  described,  leading  to  identical  movements  in  channels  of  a,  b,  c,  and  d.  thus,  due  to  the  opposite  cathodeanode  layout  in  sensing  units  in  channels  b  and  c,  the  output  voltage  of  the  z  direction  vibration  u  z  is  represented  as:  z  sensing  mechanism  illustrations  and  schematics  of  fluid  flowing  mechanism  in  response
__label__environmentmonitoring to  acceleration  along  z  axis.  blue  arrows  represent  the  direction  of  liquid  flow  due  to  the  convection  caused  by  the  external  vibration  while  white  arrows  represent  the  direction  of  the  membrane  vibration.  i  ,i  ,i  ,  and  i  represent  the  cathode  currents  in  sensing  unit  a,  b,  c,  d,  respectively.  again,  in  response  to  the  seismic  vibrations  from  other  axes  including  both  x  and  y  directions,  there  is  no  output  and  u  z  is  always  zero.  thus,  equation  7  ensures  that  u  z  is  not  affected  by  the  vibrations  in  the  other  axes.  a  showed  the  fabrication  progress  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring electrodes  in  sensing  units  with  microelectromechanical  systems  mems  technology.  firstly,  the  insulating  spacers  based  on  130  m  thick  silicon  wafer  were  formed  by  the  600  nm  thick  silicon  oxide  layer  on  both  sides  of  the  wafer  substrate.  then  the  az1500  photoresist  was  spincoated  on  one  side  of  the  wafer.  through  the  lithography  progress,  the  arrays  of  holes  were  patterned  by  uv  lithography  after  the  soft  bake  of  the  photoresist.  a  120  nm  platinum  electrode  was  sputtered  on  one  side  of  the  wafer.  after  the  liftoff  progress,  the  area  of  holes  was  exposed.  the  electrode  on  the  other  side  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring wafer  was  conducted  in  the  same  way  and  two  totally  same  electrodes  were  formed.  next,  drie  deep  reaction  ion  etching  was  used  to  form  the  channels  in  the  wafer  with  az4620  photoresist  precoated  on  the  front  side  of  the  wafer  to  protect  the  electrodes  from  being  etched  in  drie  progress.  the  fabrication  progress  of  the  electrodes  in  sensing  units,  including  thermal  oxidation,  pt  sputtering,  liftoff  and  deep  reaction  ion  etching.  the  electrode  fabricated  by  mems  technology  with  a  lot  of  flow  holes.  the  sensing  unit  composed  by  electrodes  and  flow  channels.  the  acrylic  glass  housing  with  separation  plate  and  flow
__label__environmentmonitoring channels.  the  assembled  device.  then  the  electrode  chips  were  compressed  mechanically  by  the  unit  glass  housing  and  two  oshaped  rubber  rings  in  between  with  bolts.  the  orings  were  easily  deformable  so  that  the  channels  described  in  a  can  be  sealed  completely  instead  of  the  use  of  any  kinds  of  adhesive.  the  pictures  of  electrode  chips  with  flow  holes  after  mems  progress  and  the  sensing  unit  were  shown  as  b,c.  the  sensing  units  were  immobilized  in  an  acrylic  glass  housing  see  d  with  the  alignment  of  the  holes  in  the  sensing  units  and  the  glass  housing,  forming  flow  channels.  the  membranes
__label__environmentmonitoring covered  the  top  and  bottom  surfaces  of  the  housing  to  form  a  sealed  cavity  by  mechanical  compressing.  the  electrolyte  solution  was  then  injected  into  the  cavity  through  a  liquid  valve  in  the  housing.  the  assembled  device  was  shown  in  e.  the  performances  of  the  threedimensional  devices  were  measured  by  a  vertical  platform  for  the  characterization  of  x  and  y  axial  vibrations  and  a  horizontal  platform  to  characterize  zaxial  responses.  more  specifically,  a  4808type  vibration  exciter  manufactured  by  b  k  in  22820  savi  ranch  parkway,  yorba  linda,  ca,  usa  was  included  in  the  vertical  test  and  a  lowfrequency  acceleration  calibration  system
__label__environmentmonitoring fabricated  by  dongling  technologies  in  suzhou  city,  zhejiang  province,  china  was  used  in  the  horizontal  characterization.  to  identify  both  sensitivities  and  crosstalks  of  the  proposed  monolithic  seismic  sensor  in  response  to  threedimensional  vibrations,  experiments  with  single  inputs  at  the  x  ,  y  ,  or  z  axes  were  conducted  see  .  independent  output  voltages  along  x  ,  y  ,  and  z  axes  in  response  to  the  input  vibration  at  30  hz  along  x  ,  y  ,  and  z  axes  ,  where  huge  differences  between  the  input  axial  outputs  and  the  others  proved  that  when  the  vibration  along  an  axis  input,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring crosstalk  caused  by  the  other  axis  can  be  ignored.  a  presented  the  output  voltages  of  three  axes  in  response  to  x  axis  vibrations.  the  sensitivity  at  the  x  axis  at  30  hz  was  characterized  as  2473.23  184.55  v/m/s.  meanwhile,  in  response  to  x  direction  vibrations,  the  voltage  outputs  at  y  and  z  directions  were  much  lower  compared  to  the  values  of  the  x  direction  voltages.  the  ratios  of  output  and  the  crosstalk  u  /u  and  u  /u  were  7.65  and  8.66  at  30  hz.  the  unwanted  output  voltages  at  the  y  and  z  directions  were  due  to  the  mismatched  electrodes
__label__environmentmonitoring in  microfabrication,  which  cannot  be  avoided  entirely.  however,  this  issue  can  be  to  an  extent  addressed  by  accurately  controlling  the  fabrication  and  packaging  steps  to  decrease  potential  geometrical  differences  among  sensing  units.  b  showed  the  voltage  outputs  of  three  axes  in  response  to  a  vibration  along  the  y  axis.  the  sensitivity  at  the  y  axis  at  30  hz  was  quantified  as  2261.71  119.68  v/m/s,  which  was  comparable  to  the  sensitivity  of  the  x  axis  when  x  directional  vibrations  were  applied  due  to  the  axisymmetric  structure  in  the  xy  plane.  the  ratios  of  output  and  the  crosstalk  u  /u  and  u
__label__environmentmonitoring /u  were  quantified  as  8.34  and  7.27  at  30  hz.  as  shown  in  c,  the  sensitivity  of  the  z  axis  in  response  to  z  vibration  inputs  was  quantified  as  3480.71  417.20  v/m/s  at  30  hz,  which  was  higher  than  the  corresponding  sensitivities  in  the  x  and  y  axes.  it  was  speculated  that  due  to  the  effect  of  the  membranes,  the  motion  of  the  liquid  under  the  membranes,  which  was  considered  as  the  part  with  the  largest  velocity  caused  by  the  external  horizontal  vibration,  cannot  convert  the  horizontal  velocity  into  the  channeldirection  velocity  completely.  thus,  external  vibrations  at  the  z  direction
__label__environmentmonitoring without  the  energy  loss  in  velocity  conversion  can  lead  to  higher  voltage  outputs  in  comparison  to  x  and  y  directional  vibrations.  the  ratios  of  output  and  the  crosstalk  u  /u  and  u  /u  were  quantified  as  8.84  and  11.57  at  30  hz.  furthermore,  the  outputs  of  the  devices  in  response  to  applied  inputs  at  the  angles  of  45  within  the  x  y  ,  x  z  ,  and  y  z  planes  were  collected.  note  that  the  inputs  were  applied  by  the  vibration  exciter  and  a  homedeveloped  framework,  as  shown  in  .  the  angle  was  strictly  confirmed  with  angular  measuring  tools.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring schematic  of  the  homedeveloped  framework.  in  response  to  an  input  within  the  x  y  plane,  the  corresponding  monitoring  velocities  calculated  with  the  vector  synthesis  by  the  ratios  of  the  axial  outputs  and  the  corresponding  sensitivities  in  x  and  y  axes,  shown  in  ,  were  quantified  as  the  function  of  input  velocities  see  a.  the  comparisons  of  the  monitoring  velocity  based  on  the  decoupling  mechanism  and  the  actual  input  velocity  in  response  to  the  vibration  at  the  direction  of  45degree  angle  with  the  x  axis  in  x  y  plane  ,  at  a  45  degree  angle  with  the  y  axis  in  y
__label__environmentmonitoring z  plane  ,  and  at  a  45degree  angle  with  the  x  axis  in  x  z  plane  ,  respectively.  the  closed  value  between  the  monitoring  results  and  the  actual  input  proved  the  feasibility  of  the  monolithic  structure  and  the  decoupling  mechanism.  as  shown  in  a,  the  slopes  of  the  curves  in  response  to  the  45degree  angle  inputs  were  quantified  as  0.97,  which  were  comparable  with  the  slopes  of  the  input  curves,  validating  the  feasibility  of  the  monolithic  device.  in  response  to  inputs  within  the  y  z  plane,  the  slopes  of  the  monitoring  curves  in  response  to  the  45degree  angle  inputs  were
__label__environmentmonitoring quantified  as  0.90,  as  shown  in  b.  similarly,  in  response  to  the  45degree  angle  x  z  plane  input,  the  slopes  of  the  monitoring  curves  in  response  to  the  45degree  angle  inputs  were  quantified  as  0.87  see  c.  the  comparable  curves  proved  the  proposed  devices  were  capable  of  monitoring  the  vibrations  in  any  directions.  in  summary,  no  matter  which  direction  the  vibrations  were  input  along,  the  voltage  outputs  by  the  monolithic  device  were  close  to  the  theoretical  result,  which  proved  the  feasibility  in  measuring  threedimensional  vibration  through  the  decoupling  from  the  mix  input.  in  conclusion,  a  mems  based  monolithic  electrochemical  seismic
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor,  which  can  monitor  threedimensional  vibrations,  was  demonstrated  in  this  paper.  experimental  results  showed  the  prominent  differences  of  output  voltages  between  input  axis  and  the  other  axes.  the  ratios  of  the  outputs  and  the  crosstalk  of  the  other  axes  are  about  10,  which  illustrated  the  great  independence  and  the  negligible  crosstalk.  in  addition,  at  30  hz,  the  sensitivity  at  the  x  axis  was  characterized  as  2473.23  184.55  v/m/s.  y  axis  sensitivity  was  quantified  as  2261.71  119.68  v/m/s,  and  z  axis  sensitivity  can  reach  3480.71  417.20  v/m/s.  the  vibration  information  along  three  axes  can  be  decoupled  accurately  from  the  mixed  input
__label__environmentmonitoring in  xy  ,  x  z  ,  and  y  z  plane.  the  average  ratios  of  the  monitoring  velocities  and  the  input  at  three  axes  were  calculated  as  0.97,  0.90,  0.87,  respectively  and  the  feasibility  of  the  decoupling  calculation  can  be  proved  from  it.  this  work  was  supported  by  the  national  863  program  of  china  under  grant  2014aa09158,  the  national  key  scientific  instrument  and  equipment  development  project  of  china  under  grant  2013yq12035703  and  the  states  key  project  of  research  and  development  plan  under  grant  2016yfc0301801.  l.  chen  and  s.  yuan  conceived  and  designed  and  performed  the  experiments;  g.  li  analyzed  the  data;
__label__environmentmonitoring machine  design  is  part  of  the  business  intelligence  division  of  informa  plc  this  site  is  operated  by  a  business  or  businesses  owned  by  informa  plc  and  all  copyright  resides  with  them.  informa  plcs  registered  office  is  5  howick  place,  london  sw1p  1wg.  registered  in  england  and  wales.  number  8860726.  the  ability  to  measure,  monitor,  and  analyze  vibration  is  essential  to  many  industries  and  areas  of  research  development.  unfortunately,  the  proper  methods  for  creating  an  accurate  and  repeatable  vibration  measurement  system  are  not  always  clear  to  engineers  unfamiliar  with  the  nuances  of  test  equipment  and  vibration  analysis.  this  threepart  series  offers
__label__environmentmonitoring the  firsttime  vibration  measurement  system  builder  an  overview  of  some  of  the  challenges  associated  with  vibration  measurement,  including  proper  component  selection,  signal  conditioning,  system  configuration  and  setup,  and  waveform  analysis.  lets  start  with  the  basics:  vibration  is  defined  as  oscillating  motion  about  a  position  of  equilibrium.  some  common  examples  of  vibration  measurement  include  monitoring  an  electric  motor,  turbine,  or  bearing;  health  monitoring;  and  resonance  detection.  accelerometers  are  widely  used  to  monitor  vibration  in  aerospace,  automotive,  and  manufacturing  applications.  mechanical  engineers  often  use  them  to  diagnose  problems  with  rotating  equipment  or  assess  the  stability  of  structures  that  are  subject  to  periodic
__label__environmentmonitoring stresses  such  as  monitoring  the  vibrations  caused  by  trains/trucks  crossing  bridges,  etc..  they  are  also  often  used  in  monitoring  for  conditionbased  maintenance,  allowing  engineers  to  examine  the  vibrations  produced  by  a  piece  of  equipment  to  assess  its  health,  as  well  as  to  monitor  the  stresses  sensitive  equipment  undergoes  during  transportation.  the  most  common  method  of  acquiring  vibration  data  involves  connecting  accelerometers  and  configuring  them  into  a  data  acquisition  system  that  can  deliver  highresolution  24bit  vibration  data  at  very  high  sample  rates.  modern  data  acquisition  systems  can  plot,  log,  filter,  and  analyze  vibration  data  in  real  time,  and  allow  using  a
__label__environmentmonitoring variety  of  accelerometer  types.  they  can  even  allow  for  wireless  streaming  of  vibration  data  over  wifi  if  properly  configured.  a  variety  of  other  tools  and  techniques  are  also  available  for  vibration  measurement,  depending  on  the  application.  two  accelerometers  are  pictured.  the  one  on  the  left  is  a  single  axis,  while  the  one  on  the  right  is  a  triaxial  accelerometer.  accelerometers  measure  vibration  and  shock.  as  mentioned  previously,  accelerometers  are  the  most  commonly  used  sensor  type  for  vibration  measurement.  when  mounted  directly  on  or  in  a  vibrating  structure,  an  accelerometer  proportionally  converts  mechanical  energy  into  electrical  energy.  acceleration  is  generally  represented
__label__environmentmonitoring with  the  gravitational  constant  g  ,  which  equals  9.81  m/s  .  three  main  types  of  accelerometers  are  used  for  vibration  test:  are  the  smallest  and  least  expensive  accelerometer  options,  and  are  often  used  in  smartphones.  they  can  be  mounted  directly  to  printed  circuit  boards,  which  has  made  them  electrical  engineers  preferred  choice.  although  their  low  cost  and  small  size  have  made  them  popular,  they  offer  significantly  lower  data  quality,  especially  on  the  higher  frequency  and  amplitude  end.  they  are  generally  unsuitable  for  industrial  applications,  but  they  are  dc  coupled  and  a  great  option  for  humanbased  applications.  their  low  cost  and
__label__environmentmonitoring power  consumption  also  make  them  a  good  choice  for  health  monitoring.  produce  resistance  changes  in  strain  gauges  that  are  part  of  the  accelerometers  seismic  sytem.  they  have  a  very  wide  bandwidth,  which  allows  them  to  be  used  for  measuring  shortduration  highfrequency  shock  events,  such  as  crash  testing.  because  they  measure  down  to  0  hz,  theyre  useful  for  calculating  velocity  or  displacement.  however,  pr  accelerometers  typically  have  low  sensitivity,  which  makes  them  less  useful  for  highaccuracy  vibration  testing.  pr  accelerometers  are  also  sensitive  to  temperature  variations,  so  they  require  temperature  compensation.  they  tend  to  be  much  more  expensive  than  capacitive  mems
__label__environmentmonitoring accelerometers,  so  theyre  rarely  used  for  lower  frequency  and  amplitude  testing.  pr  accelerometers  are  by  far  the  best  type  for  impulse/impact  measurements  where  the  frequency  range  and  amplitude  are  typically  high.  are  the  most  popular  and  widely  used  for  industrial  applications.  their  lead  zirconate  titante  pzt  sensing  elements  produce  electric  charge  or  output  under  acceleration.  pe  accelerometers  have  very  low  noise  and  offer  performance  superior  to  capacitive  mems  or  piezoresistive  accelerometers  in  all  vibration  and  most  shock  applications.  many  variants  are  available:  triaxial  or  single  axis,  from  high  sensitivity  types  for  seismic  applications  down  to  low  sensitivity  for  shock  testing.
__label__environmentmonitoring some  pe  types  are  designed  to  handle  the  most  extreme  environmentseven  nuclear  ones.  their  most  significant  downside  is  that  they  are  ac  coupled,  so  they  cant  measure  the  gravity  vector  or  sustained  accelerations.  pe  accelerometers  are  the  foremost  type  for  shock  testing,  but  they  are  also  preferred  for  vibration  measurement.  because  they  are  based  on  strain  gauges,  they  require  the  use  of  amplifiers  and  temperature  compensation;  they  offer  very  wide  bandwidth  from  0  to  several  thousand  hertz  and  low  noise  characteristics.  they  can  be  gas  or  fluid  damped,  which  protects  the  accelerometer  and  prevents  it  from  reaching  its  internal  resonant
__label__environmentmonitoring frequency.  because  they  are  dc  coupled,  their  output  can  be  integrated  to  calculate  velocity  and  displacement  during  shock  events.  are  extremely  durable  because  of  their  ability  to  withstand  hostile  conditions,  including  extreme  temperatures  200c  to  400c;  some  can  even  operate  in  nuclear  environments.  however,  their  high  impedance  requires  the  use  of  special  cabling  for  noise  shielding.  a  charge  amplifier  is  also  required,  which  adds  to  system  cost  and  complexity.  have  become  the  most  commonly  used  accelerometer  type.  they  are  very  similar  to  charge  mode  piezoelectric  accelerometers  but  include  a  builtin  charge  amplifier.  that  eliminates  the  need  for  special  cabling  and
__label__environmentmonitoring simplifies  integrating  them  into  a  system.  a  constant  dc  power  source  is  required,  which  many  data  acquisition  systems  now  include.  the  microelectronic  circuit  built  into  these  accelerometers  means  they  cant  match  a  charge  mode  accelerometers  ability  to  tolerate  hostile  environments,  but  their  typical  temperature  range  of  40  to  125c  is  sufficient  for  the  majority  of  applications.  as  with  any  type  of  sensor,  ensuring  vibration  measurement  accuracy  depends  on  choosing  the  right  accelerometer  for  the  specific  application.  in  many  cases,  the  accelerometer  is  the  most  critical  link  in  the  measurement  chain.  for  example,  for  shock  testing  that  requires  integrating  the  acceleration
__label__environmentmonitoring data  for  velocity  or  displacement,  choose  either  a  capacitive  mems  or  piezoresistive  accelerometer.  piezoelectric  accelerometers  are  ideal  for  vibration  measurement,  but  special  high  sensitivity  accelerometers  are  needed  for  lower  frequency  applications.  a  laser  displacement  sensor  directly  measures  the  displacement  or  position  of  any  nonreflective  surface.  an  accelerometer  is  one  type  of  contact  vibration  sensor,  but  there  are  several  other  types,  including  strain  gauges  .  a  strain  gauge  is  essentially  a  foil  with  an  electrically  conductive  grid.  as  the  strain  gauge  is  stretched  or  compressed,  the  electrical  resistance  of  the  grid  increases  or  decreases  proportionally.  the  main  advantage  strain  gauges  offer
__label__environmentmonitoring is  that  they  are  versatile  and  accurate.  they  can  be  installed  on  virtually  any  surface  and  shape,  and  they  measure  both  static  and  dynamic  loads.  they  also  measure  strain  directly,  so  that  calculating  the  stress  in  the  material  is  fairly  easy.  strain  gauges  are  also  very  small  and  lightweight,  so  they  dont  really  alter  the  overall  stiffness  of  the  test  specimen.  relative  to  other  types  of  vibration  sensors,  they  are  inexpensive,  ranging  from  just  a  few  dollars  for  a  basic  one  to  a  few  hundred  for  very  highquality  ones.  their  downside?  they  are  difficult  to  install  properly;  strain  gauges  must
__label__environmentmonitoring be  perfectly  bonded  to  the  material  across  the  entire  face  to  strain  with  the  test  article.  also,  the  electronics  necessary  to  amplify  the  signal  and  acquire  the  data  are  costly  upwards  of  10,000  and  cumbersome.  ,  although  increasingly  difficult  to  source,  offer  the  advantages  of  measuring  velocity  directly  and  a  very  high  temperature  range.  they  operate  by  using  the  current  generated  from  a  magnet  traveling  within  a  coil.  in  contrast  with  accelerometers,  which  measure  linear  acceleration,  gyroscopes  measure  angular  rate.  instead  of  an  output  expressed  in  gs,  the  gyroscopes  output  is  a  rate  value,  typically  displayed  as  degrees  per  second
__label__environmentmonitoring /s.  gyroscopes  provide  a  frame  of  reference  that  is  impossible  to  obtain  with  an  accelerometer  alone  or  even  a  bunch  of  accelerometers.  accelerometers  measure  inertial  forces,  so  they  can  help  provide  a  frame  of  reference  in  relation  to  gravity,  but  that  reference  becomes  difficult  to  maintain  when  the  accelerometer  is  also  vibrating.  an  accelerometer  can  also  get  disoriented  during  events  with  sustained  static  accelerations  like  a  banking  aircraft  that  can  be  misinterpreted  as  the  gravity  vector.  the  gyroscope,  however,  allows  the  system  to  know  the  true  course  of  motion.  when  used  in  conjunction  with  accelerometers,  gyroscopes  help  keep  track  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  orientation  of  the  system.  gyroscopes  arent  usually  used  alone  for  vibration  measurement,  but  when  paired  with  accelerometers,  offer  a  much  more  complete  picture  of  the  vibrating  environment.  an  eddy  current  sensor  is  a  noncontact  sensor  which  measures  position  or  displacement  changes  of  a  conductive  target/material.  not  all  vibration  sensors  require  direct  contact  with  the  source  of  the  vibration:  microphones  offer  a  costeffective  way  to  measure  highfrequency  vibration  and  are  especially  useful  to  determine  how  a  systems  vibration  changes  with  time.  health  monitoring  applications  can  greatly  benefit  from  using  a  microphone  owing  to  cost  and  simplicity.  microphones  can  also  provide
__label__environmentmonitoring a  very  clear  and  accurate  representation  of  the  frequency  content  in  a  vibration.  laser  displacement  sensors  use  triangulation  with  a  transmitting  and  receiving  lens.  a  laser  beam  is  emitted  toward  the  target  through  a  transmitting  lens.  the  light  then  reflects  back  towards  the  sensor  and  is  directed  by  a  receiver  lens  to  a  receiving  element.  as  the  target  moves  closer  and  farther  away,  the  angle  of  the  reflected  light  changes  its  focused  on  a  different  position  on  the  receiving  element.  displacement  sensors  are  preferable  in  applications  that  prevent  the  use  of  accelerometers,  such  as  rotating  components,  or  when  the  accelerometers
__label__environmentmonitoring mass  would  have  too  much  influence  on  the  motion  of  the  system.  these  sensors  have  similar  advantages  and  disadvantages  as  lasers  for  vibration  measurement.  although  they  offer  a  way  to  measure  vibration  through  the  air  without  altering  the  vibrating  system,  they  can  only  measure  relative  motion;  they  need  to  remain  fixed  and  measure  the  difference  in  motion  of  a  nearby  structure.  as  a  result,  they  are  best  used  only  in  the  lab,  given  the  fragility  of  the  test  system  expensive  sensors,  wiring  concerns,  and  power  supplies.  in  part  2  of  this  series  we  will  address  signal  conditioning,  as  well  as
__label__environmentmonitoring indexed  in  science  citation  index  expanded  to  receive  news  and  publication  updates  for  shock  and  vibration,  enter  your  email  address  in  the  box  below.  cracow  university  of  technology,  warszawska  24  st.,  31155  cracow,  poland  metro  warszawskie  sp.  z  o.  o.,  wilczy  d  5  st.,  02798  warsaw,  poland  correspondence  should  be  addressed  to  ;  received  18  december  2017;  accepted  31  march  2018;  published  10  may  2018  academic  editor:  rafa  burdzik  copyright  2018  alicja  kowalskakoczwara  et  al.  this  is  an  open  access  article  distributed  under  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is
__label__environmentmonitoring properly  cited.  the  work  concerns  the  monitoring  of  the  technical  condition  of  metro  trains.  for  this  purpose,  a  vibration  monitoring  system  installed  in  buildings  in  the  vicinity  of  the  underground  is  used.  based  on  measured  vibrations  buildings,  the  identification  of  technical  condition  in  metro  trains  is  conducted.  the  results  of  measurements  from  the  system  are  also  used  to  assess  the  impact  of  vibrations  on  people  staying  in  buildings  through  the  wodl  ratio.  exceeding  the  assumed  levels  of  the  wodl  ratio  is  the  basis  for  repairing  trains  by  turning  wheels.  statistical  analysis  of  the  data  was  implemented  and  trends  for  particular
__label__environmentmonitoring time  periods  of  measurements  were  shown.  with  the  entered  monitoring  system  and  the  introduced  wodl  index  thresholds,  it  is  possible  to  better  plan  the  costs  associated  with  the  repair  and  replacement  of  wheels  of  rolling  stock,  where  there  are  large  values  of  radial  runout.  according  to  the  introduced  monitoring  procedure,  the  number  of  complaints  from  residents  decreased  and  the  comfort  of  their  lives  improved.  the  vibration  monitoring  system  in  civil  engineering  mainly  concerns  two  aspects:  structural  health  monitoring  and  ambient  or  seismic  vibration  monitoring  .  there  are  relatively  few  articles  that  address  the  issue  of  monitoring  vibrations  in  buildings  from
__label__environmentmonitoring existing  road,  rail,  or  metro  infrastructure.  investigators  are  concerned  about  shortterm  monitoring  or  vibrations,  which  are  measured  on  the  ground  or  in  the  tunnel  and  eventually  the  building  model  is  excited  by  recorded  signals  .  it  is  worth  noting  that  the  building  structure  exposed  to  vibrations  is  investigated  by  researches,  while  human  perception  of  vibrations  is  a  decisive  parameter  of  evaluation.  people  are  more  sensitive  to  vibrations  than  building  structures  are,  especially  when  these  vibrations  occur  often,  although  they  are  not  very  strong.  these  kinds  of  situations  occur  in  buildings  located  close  to  the  road,  railway,  tramway,  or  subway.  often,
__label__environmentmonitoring during  the  designing  or  the  building  of  these  urban  infrastructures,  human  perception  of  vibrations  throughout  these  buildings  located  is  not  taken  into  account  ,  .  furthermore,  the  exploitation  of  this  parameter  of  evaluation  is  not  monitored.  meanwhile,  this  existing  infrastructure  has  become  older,  sometimes  infrastructures  conditions  change  due  to  traffic  increases  or  changing  of  train  or  tram  types,  and  some  of  its  elements  become  slightly  damaged,  all  of  which  can  influence  human  perception  of  vibrations.  it  is  impossible  to  change  the  location  of  an  existing  urban  infrastructure.  the  vibration  monitoring  system  can  provide  solutions  to  the  necessary  infrastructure  design  i.e.,
__label__environmentmonitoring by  introducing  additional  vibroinsulation  ,  .  some  small  repairs  in  the  existing  infrastructure  system  are  sufficient  to  ensure  vibrational  comfort  in  buildings  located  nearby.  a  few  years  after  the  opening  of  its  first  metro  line,  warsaw  metro  owners  observed  a  growing  number  of  complaints  from  the  residents  of  neighbouring  buildings.  this  prompted  scientists  and  engineers  from  the  cracow  university  of  technology  to  design  and  build  the  vibration  monitoring  system.  the  basis  for  building  the  monitoring  system  was  to  understand  the  phenomenon  related  to  the  propagation  of  vibration  for  shallow  subways.  the  vibrations  generated  when  the  wheel  comes  into  contact  with
__label__environmentmonitoring the  rail  are  propagated  through  the  subway  tunnel  and  ground,  which  are  then  transmitted  to  buildings  located  near  the  metro  line.  some  numerical  and  analytical  solutions  of  the  contact  problem  between  the  rail  and  wheel  can  be  found  in  literature,  for  example,  .  in  these  paper  authors  focused  on  experimental  solution  of  the  problem.  a  point  of  focus  for  the  warsaw  metro  is  the  human  perception  of  vibrations,  but  it  is  worth  noting  that  for  these  shallow  subways,  vibrations  are  perceived  to  be  larger  on  lower  floors.  this  was  the  most  critical  observation  which  has  contributed  towards  building  the  system.
__label__environmentmonitoring human  sensitivity  to  the  vertical  vibrations  of  floors,  in  some  buildings  located  near  metro  line,  was  particularly  evident  in  the  preconstruction  measurements.  the  sensitivity  of  individual  floors  depends  on  their  dynamic  characteristics,  which  is  contingent  on  their  floor  structure,  stiffness,  and  dimensions.  these  three  factors  made  it  necessary  to  select  representative  measurements  points  within  buildings  that  are  not  always  located  close  to  the  metro  tunnel.  monitoring  the  human  perception  of  vibrations  of  each  metro  train  helps  warsaw  metro  owners  to  determine  which  trains  should  continue  operating  and  those  that  should  not.  this  paper  describes  the  observations  and  analysis  of  this
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring  system  between  2003  and  2011.  after  proper  verification  of  the  system  developed  by  the  authors,  other  proposals  of  systems  appeared  .  another  way  for  evaluation  of  the  vibration  impacts  in  the  transport  infrastructure  environment  was  presented  in  .  the  monitoring  system  was  developed  at  the  institute  of  structural  mechanics  at  cracow  university  of  technology.  this  system  allows  for  constant  monitoring  of  vibrations.  based  on  the  measured  vibrations  in  three  selected  buildings,  the  identification  of  the  technical  condition  of  metro  trains  is  performed.  the  vibrations  generated  when  the  wheel  comes  into  contact  with  the  rail  are  transferred  through  the  tunnel
__label__environmentmonitoring structure  and  the  ground,  around  the  building,  and  close  to  the  metro  line.  previous  experience  shows  that  the  wheels  profile  has  a  significant  influence  on  the  level  of  vibrations.  therefore,  these  vibrations  are  a  source  of  discomfort  for  the  people  in  buildings  close  to  the  metro  lines.  the  perception  of  vibrations  by  humans  in  the  buildings  is  a  complex  problem,  and  it  depends  on,  for  example,  the  ceiling  structure,  its  stiffness,  and  dimensions.  therefore,  it  is  important  to  select  the  accurate,  representative  position  of  sensors  in  the  buildings.  in  the  presented  system,  developed  for  the  warsaw  metro  line,  the  results
__label__environmentmonitoring of  analysis,  in  relation  to  the  comfort  limits  required  for  the  people,  constitute  the  criterion  for  evaluating  the  admissibility  of  the  train  for  further  operation  .  continuous  monitoring  of  the  vibration  caused  by  each  of  the  passing  trains  allows  the  individual  trains  to  be  eliminated  before  the  vibration  limit  is  reached.  moreover,  these  trains  can  be  removed  from  operation  before  any  complaint  from  the  residents  of  the  buildings  near  the  subway  line  occurs.  the  accelerometer  is  mounted  on  the  floor  of  the  room  in  the  building  and  is  used  to  measure  the  vertical  vibrations  of  the  ceiling.  exemplary  record  of
__label__environmentmonitoring vertical  component  of  the  floor  apartment  vibrations  and  corresponding  fft  are  presented  in  figure  .  horizontal  components  were  also  measured  but  the  level  of  maximum  values  of  vibrations  is  smaller  compared  with  the  vertical  component  see  figure  .  the  results  of  analyses  concerning  these  components  are  therefore  not  presented  at  work.  it  can  be  found  in  the  ,  where  data  not  presented  in  the  paper  was  showed.  figure  1:  figure  2:  signal  vibration  is  triggered  by  the  signal  transmitted  wireless  from  the  measuring  point  located  in  the  tunnel,  triggering  the  registration  with  a  photocell  when  passing  a  subway  train.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring system  also  records  the  speed  of  train.  the  vibration  monitoring  system  consists  of  two  independent  measuring  sys,  each  of  which  consists  of  two  measuring  stations.  one  station  is  located  in  a  residential  building  and  the  other  in  the  underground  tunnel  under  the  building.  every  single  passage  of  metro  train  was  registered  and  considered  in  the  analysis.  metro  passages  were  identified  by  photocell  monitoring  in  metro  tunnels.  figure  shows  the  block  diagram  of  complete  monitoring  system  with  all  the  sensors.  in  this  paper  we  consider  only  human  vibration  comfort  inside  buildings.  the  sensor  which  is  responsible  for  this  parameter  is  only
__label__environmentmonitoring a3zs  mounted  in  the  middle  of  the  ceiling  of  the  cellar.  as  in  the  system  and  during  our  measurement  activities,  we  use  the  same  reference  system:  direction  is  always  horizontal  and  perpendicular  to  the  source  of  vibrations,  is  horizontal  and  parallel  to  the  source  of  vibrations,  and  direction  is  vertical.  from  the  beginning  the  assumption  in  the  monitoring  system  was  to  get  data  from  direction  with  respect  to  the  building  vibration  influence  a2x  sensor  corresponding  to  the  data  from  the  tunnel  a5x.  another  assumption  was  to  get  data  of  vertical  vibrations  from  the  building  a1z  and  tunnel  a4z.  these  calculations
__label__environmentmonitoring are  not  presented  in  this  paper.  figure  3:  in  the  system  high  sensitivity  seismic  accelerometers  type  pcb  393b12  are  used,  with  the  sensitivity  on  the  level  of  10v/g  0,5g  range  and  frequency  range  from  0,15hz  till  1khz  5.  sampling  rate  is  set  on  400hz  which  is  adequate  for  studied  problem  and  it  fulfils  the  nyquists  condition.  noise  level  is  much  lower  than  signal  from  metro  train  compare  figures  and  registered  data  is  transferred  to  the  central  unit.  then,  the  following  analyses  are  performed:  the  results  are  presented  as  wodl  ratios.  the  wodl  ratio  in  english,  the  human  vibration  perceptivity  ratio,
__label__environmentmonitoring proposed  in  and  in  polish  code  ,  is  the  measure  of  vibration  perception  by  people.  it  is  the  maximum  ratio  of  the  acceleration  rms  value,  obtained  from  the  analysis  of  the  acceleration  rms  value,  equivalent  to  the  threshold  for  the  perception  of  vibration  by  humans  in  the  same  1/3  octave  band,  chosen  from  each  1/3  octave  band,  comp.  equation  .  the  advantage  of  such  a  coefficient  is  that  the  result  of  the  analysis  from  the  frequency  band  is  not  independent,  since  the  wodl  indicates  directly  how  many  times  the  threshold  for  human  vibration  has  been  exceeded.  where  is  acceleration  rms
__label__environmentmonitoring value  obtained  from  analysis;  is  acceleration  rms  value  equivalent  to  the  threshold  for  the  perception  of  vibration  in  a  direction  in  the  same  1/3  octave  band  as  in  frequency  values  corresponding  to  1/3  octave  bands  used  in  analysis  are  equal  to  and  listed  also  in  table  3  of  iso  standard  .  wodl  ratios  are  coefficients  calculated  according  to  using  rms  basic  procedure  described  in  polish  standards  ,  and  in  iso  standard  .  recorded  signals  are  filtered  using  butterworth  lowpass  filter  with  cutoff  frequency  of  120hz  according  to  requirements  described  in  polish  standard  .  rms  method  averages  acceleration  values  in  duration:
__label__environmentmonitoring where  is  weighted  acceleration  as  a  function  of  time  m/s  ;  is  the  duration  of  measurement  s.  rms  is  basic  method  of  evaluation  according  to  iso  standard  .  for  signals  with  high  crest  factor  greater  than  9,  occasional  shocks  and  transient  vibration  additional  evaluation  method  like  vdv  analysis  or  mtvv  analysis  are  required.  vibrations  recorded  in  metro  monitoring  system  are  signals  without  shocks  and  with  crest  factor  below  9  that  is  why  rms  method  was  chosen  for  analysis  and  wodl  ratio  illustrated  in  most  friendly  way  the  percentage  of  exceedance  of  perception  threshold  of  vibration.  measurements  in  metro  system  last
__label__environmentmonitoring 24  hours  and  about  350  dynamical  events  are  registered  per  day  concerning  the  tracks  closer  to  the  building.  metro  managements  care  about  good  relations  with  residents  of  the  buildings  located  in  zone  of  metro  dynamic  influences.  because  of  many  complaints  of  residents,  researchers  decided  to  use  duration  time  of  single  event  according  to  polish  standard  in  which  duration  of  vibration  is  defined  as  time  in  which  amplitudes  are  greater  than  0.2  of  maximum  value  of  vibrations.  adoption  of  such  procedure  is  more  rigorous  than  using  of  the  whole  record  of  vibrations  for  analysis  and  results  of  analyses  are  more  independent
__label__environmentmonitoring from  arbitral  decision  where  to  start  and  stop  analyses.  in  the  case  of  determining  the  vibration  comfort  of  people  in  buildings,  the  decision  parameter  is  the  maximum  rms  values  obtained  in  each  onethird  octave  band  from  the  analysis  of  the  perceived  human  horizontal  and  vertical  vibrations  of  the  floors.  the  influence  on  the  vertical  vibration  of  the  ceilings  has  been  assumed,  since  the  vibration  measurements  generated  by  the  metro  in  warsaw  have  indicated  that  people  are  more  sensitive  to  vertical  vibrations  of  the  ceilings  .  the  distribution  of  these  values  in  time  can  be  important  for  drawing  practical  conclusions.  exemplary
__label__environmentmonitoring results  of  the  analysis  are  given  in  this  section.  the  data  presented  below  relates  to  the  selected  measurement  point  installed  in  building  n118,  as  well  as  building  m22  see  figure  .  the  n118  building  is  a  masonry  residential  building  built  in  the  1950s.  the  building  has  7  storeys  above  ground  level  and  a  basement.  the  bearing  walls  are  arranged  in  the  longitudinal  direction.  in  the  horizontal  plan  the  building  is  lshaped.  the  dimensions  of  the  building  in  plan  are  25.4m  by  72.8m.  the  distance  to  the  metro  tunnel  wall  is  14.0m.  figure  4:  the  m22  building  was  built  in  1936
__label__environmentmonitoring and  survived  world  war  ii.  it  is  a  masonry  residential  building.  the  building  has  four  storeys  above  ground  level  and  a  basement.  the  bearing  walls  are  arranged  in  longitudinal  direction.  the  ceiling  above  the  basement  is  denseribbed,  while  those  in  the  upper  levels  are  klein  type.  the  dimensions  of  the  building  in  plan  are  18.9m  by  12.6m.  the  distance  to  the  metro  tunnel  wall  is  19.5m.  currently,  both  buildings  are  being  operated.  due  to  the  function  they  perform  they  are  subject  to  regular  reviews.  their  technical  condition  is  maintained  in  proper  condition.  the  sensor  installed  in  the  building  is  also
__label__environmentmonitoring regularly  monitored  and  calibrated.  the  results  of  our  experimental  investigations  show  that  despite  many  years  of  influence  of  dynamic  loads  originating  from  metro  line,  there  is  no  significant  degradation  of  the  buildings  stiffness  and  their  natural  frequencies.  referring  to  the  results  of  previous  experiments  ,  ,  ,  the  condition  of  the  wheels  is  responsible  for  increasing  vibrations  in  the  buildings  in  the  neighbourhood  of  metro  line.  we  established  that  technical  condition  of  the  building,  ground  properties,  and  the  metro  tunnel  itself  are  unchangeable  in  contrary  to  wheels  condition.  wodl  indicator  shows  the  real  influence  of  vibrations  on  people  inside  buildings
__label__environmentmonitoring without  calculating  floors  parameters;  the  results  come  from  real  measurements.  the  main  idea  of  this  parameter  is  to  measure  vibration  comfort  inside  buildings.  it  is  not  necessary  to  calculate  floors  parameters;  it  is  just  diagnostics  indicator.  when  measuring  hundreds  of  floors,  it  is  impossible  to  calculate  all  of  their  constructions,  but  using  wodl  indicator  we  can  in  a  relative  short  time  qualify  if  the  human  vibration  comfort  is  exceeded  or  it  is  normative  according  to  the  standard.  each  of  the  recorded  vertical  vibrations  of  the  ceiling  is  automatically  analyzed,  according  to  the  polish  code  ,  based  on  the  experienced  vibration
__label__environmentmonitoring by  people.  in  this  section,  a  more  detailed  analysis  is  presented  on  the  daily  distribution  for  the  sensor  located  on  the  ceiling.  each  passing  of  the  train  is  represented  by  a  single  point.  within  one  day,  the  same  train  may  pass  by  a  sensor  many  times.  there  are  also  days  or  weeks  when  a  train  is  not  in  use;  therefore,  there  is  no  sensor  registration  for  this  train.  the  individual  coloured  lines  in  the  graphs  indicate  the  threshold  values  defined  in  the  system:  the  selected  train  number  18  was  analyzed  from  2003  to  2011.  figures  and  present  exemplary  results  from
__label__environmentmonitoring the  continuous  warsaw  metro  vibration  monitoring  system  for  the  chosen  metropolis  trains.  the  results  presented  in  figure  were  recorded  for  8  months  from  september  2003  to  april  2004.  figure  5:  figure  6:  more  recent  results  from  2008  excluding  2009,  no  data  for  continuous  monitoring  of  vibration  until  february  2011  are  presented  in  figure  .  the  longer  the  train  is  in  operation,  the  greater  the  difference  is  in  wodl  value  for  each  day  see  figure  .  this  indicates  an  increase  in  radial  defects  of  the  wheels.  if  the  trains  wheels  reprofile,  the  daily  values  of  the  wodl  coefficient  are  more  consolidated
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  chart.  this  was  observed  for  all  analyzed  trains.  it  can  be  assumed  that  when  the  values  of  wodl  are  scattered  and  high,  usually  followed  by  a  sudden  decrease  in  value,  it  indicates  a  reprofiling  of  the  wheels.  another  characteristic  of  this  reprofiling  is  manifested  when  the  train  presents  high  wodl  values,  with  an  increased  quantity  over  a  short  period.  as  shown  in  figure  ,  the  wodl  value  can  change  by  more  than  one.  figure  shows  the  results  for  the  m22a  building  for  the  previously  presented  subway  train  number  18,  between  march  2008  and  april  2011.  based  on  the
__label__environmentmonitoring available  data,  the  trend  function  values  for  the  periods  between  wheel  reprofiling  were  calculated.  this  data  is  presented  in  table  .  in  the  table,  the  underlined  equations  indicate  the  trends  from  the  2003  to  2004  service  life,  while  the  remaining  equations  display  the  trends  from  2008  to  2011.  this  data  was  analyzed  by  calculating  the  mean  value,  standard  deviation  of  mean  value,  and  maximum  and  minimum  values  for  the  obtained  trend  equation  coefficients  see  table  .  linear  functions  were  used  to  describe  trends  in  specific  time  periods  because  of  good  fit,  in  most  cases  values  are  higher  than  0.9,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring in  other  cases  they  are  close  to  this  value.  this  system  is  dedicated  to  use  for  engineers  in  their  everyday  tasks  not  only  for  scientific  purposes.  liner  trend  was  used  in  case  to  maximum  simplify  diagnostic  conclusions  and  characterised  good  fit  with  values  of  the  adjustment  coefficients  in  most  cases  higher  than  0.9.  table  1:  table  2:  based  on  the  data  collected  from  2003  to  2004,  the  average  value  of  was  almost  three  times  larger  than  in  the  period  spanning  from  2008  to  2011  comp.  table  .  this  shows  that  vibrations  increased  about  three  times  faster  in  the  first  period,
__label__environmentmonitoring with  a  similar  standard  deviation  in  both  periods  and  a  similar  range  of  values  from  0.0003  to  0.0151  in  the  first  period  and  from  0.0002  to  0.0159  in  the  second.  the  lower  value  of  for  the  period  20082011,  reflects  the  average  level  of  vibration  measured  on  the  ceiling,  comp.  table  .  the  average  level  of  vibration  for  the  analyzed  period  was  lower  than  in  the  20032004  period.  the  continuous  monitoring  system  of  the  warsaw  metro  has  been  operating  since  2003.  the  data  from  2009  illustrates  a  significant  change  in  the  use  of  monitoring  systems.  from  the  information  obtained  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring operators  of  the  system,  it  has  also  changed  the  procedure  of  reprofiling  the  wheels  in  trains.  at  present,  if  the  train  is  retracted  for  reprofiling,  all  the  wheels  are  corrected  in  shape,  not  only  those  on  the  axle  where  the  greatest  deviations  are  found  in  the  radial  run  measurements  e.g.,  in  the  first  years  of  use  of  monitoring  system.  such  a  procedure  has  contributed  to  a  significant  improvement  in  the  protection  against  human  perceived  vibration  in  buildings.  this  is  presented  in  the  drawings  from  2008  to  2011.  the  data  from  2008  shows  significant  levels  of  wodl.  the  nature  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring presented  data  in  the  following  years  differs  from  this  trend  and  has  been  converted  into  visuals,  for  clarity  and  ease  of  use.  this  change  was  the  result  of  closer  monitoring  of  changes  in  trends  in  operating  warehouses.  this  computer  visualization  was  analyzed  positively  by  the  operators  in  the  warsaw  metropolis.  currently,  the  visual  trend  analysis  is  implemented  in  the  latest  version  of  the  monitoring  system  gui  version  and  allows  the  system  operator  to  create  such  charts  for  proper  operation.  trend  monitoring  is  very  important  in  terms  of  operating  costs,  as  it  allows  the  user  to  schedule  the  necessary  repairs  in
__label__environmentmonitoring advance,  while  saving  unnecessary  overhaul  costs.  in  the  next  part  of  this  chapter,  the  wodl  coefficients  were  calculated  as  a  function  of  time  over  the  following  eight  months  for  selected  trains.  the  selection  of  trains  for  analysis  was  dictated  by  the  longtime  period  between  reprofiling.  when  this  period  was  relatively  short,  the  train  was  not  suitable  for  longterm  analysis  since  the  trend  was  difficult  to  estimate.  the  metropolis  trains  are  numbered  17,  18,  19,  20,  24,  25,  and  28  for  detailed  analysis.  for  each  of  the  trains,  the  chart  presents  the  analyzed  time  period,  followed  by  a  trend  analysis  for
__label__environmentmonitoring maximum  and  average  wodl.  to  get  a  ratio  to  the  design  due  to  the  estimation  of  dynamic  influences,  it  was  necessary  to  specify  the  envelope  values  of  the  wodl.  this  is  the  maximum  achievable  experimental,  not  computationally  value  that  determines  the  real  dynamic  impact  limit  on  the  roof  of  the  building  to  be  measured.  it  can  be  used  in  the  future  as  an  indicator  that  has  been  determined  based  on  measurements  and  can  be  used  to  determine  the  maximum  possible  dynamic  impacts  on  building  ceilings,  which  corresponds  to  human  perceptions  in  buildings.  identifying  the  indicator  is  important,  as  there  is
__label__environmentmonitoring a  design  trend  that  aims  to  estimate  future  adverse  dynamic  influences  from  individual  sources  of  vibration,  in  the  case  of  the  design  of  buildings  in  the  dynamic  impact  zone.  this  data  is  the  result  of  experiential  measurements,  not  from  approximate  calculations.  in  figure  ,  there  are  the  time  periods  for  the  individual  trains,  from  which  data  are  selected  for  further  analysis.  these  are  the  periods  between  the  wheels  reprofiling,  when  the  wodl  ratio  increases.  in  the  next  step,  the  maximum  value  of  the  wodl  and  the  average  value  are  calculated  for  each  day;  the  single  point  represents  the  max  wodl
__label__environmentmonitoring for  the  day  or  the  average  wodl  for  the  day.  the  results  for  train  number  18  are  presented  in  figure  ,  while  the  aggregate  results  for  selected  metro  trains  and  the  value  of  determination  factor  are  presented  in  table  .  table  3:  figure  7:  figure  8:  the  increase  in  wodl  over  the  week  ranges  from  about  0.9  to  1.8  and  determines  a  range  between  69.5  and  93.7.  the  conclusion  is  that  adjusting  the  trend  lines  is  not  very  advantageous  especially  for  trains  numbers  18,  25,  17,  and  19.  to  determine  diagnostic  indicators  that  could  be  used  in  building  calculations  in
__label__environmentmonitoring neighbourhoods  of  the  metro  line,  an  attempt  should  be  made  to  narrow  the  dataset  so  as  not  to  lose  the  most  relevant  value.  due  to  the  large  spread  of  data  and  the  desire  to  set  a  limit  value  for  the  most  unfavorable,  calculating  the  envelope  of  the  maximum  value  of  wodl  seems  intentional  and  appropriate.  this  analysis  may  be  used  in  the  future  to  predict  the  maximum  possible  dynamic  impacts  on  people  living  in  buildings  close  to  the  metro  line.  figure  presents  the  wodl  ratio  envelope  but  in  the  uptrend.  figure  9:  therefore,  even  in  the  following  days,  the  wodl
__label__environmentmonitoring values  were  lower;  they  were  omitted  from  the  trend  chart  and  only  the  next  value  if  it  was  higher  than  the  previous  one.  in  conclusion,  the  wodl  ratios  do  not  exceed  3  maximum  for  train  number  18,  ratio  2.6.  figure  presents  the  trend  for  the  envelopes  of  increasing  max  wodl  values  from  figure  .  figure  10:  the  coefficient  shows  how  much  of  the  variation  of  the  explanatory  variable  approximates  the  modeled  phenomenon.  it  is  a  measure  of  the  degree  to  which  a  model  explains  the  development  of  an  explanatory  variable.  it  can  also  be  said  that  the  deterministic  factor  describes
__label__environmentmonitoring the  part  of  the  explanatory  variable  that  results  from  its  dependence  on  the  explanatory  variables  included  in  the  model.  the  coefficient  of  determination  takes  values  from  the  range  if  the  model  is  free,  and  the  least  squares  method  is  used  to  estimate  the  parameters.  its  values  are  expressed  in  percentages.  model  matching  is  the  better,  and  the  value  is  closer  to  unity.  it  is  expressed  as  where  is  the  actual  value  of  variable  at  time  is  theoretical  value  of  the  explanatory  variable  based  on  the  model;  is  the  arithmetic  mean  of  the  empirical  values  of  the  explanatory  variable.  weekly  wodl
__label__environmentmonitoring increments  range  from  1  to  2  and  the  determinate  range  is  from  92.3  to  98.1  see  table  .  in  summary,  it  is  possible  to  assume  for  the  most  unfavorable  situation  which  may  occur  in  the  future  during  the  operation  of  subway  trains  in  warsaw,  the  increase  of  wodl  is  2  see  figure  ,  for  train  number  18,  and  table  and  the  wodl  value  2.6  see  figure  ,  train  number  18.  figure  shows  the  trend  line  for  the  wodl  max  envelope  value  with  the  value  of  the  function,  as  well  as  the  value  of  the  determinant  percentages  show  the  wodl  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  calculated  trend  line  per  week  delta  wat/week.  the  data  presented  are  summarized  in  table  for  all  tested  trains  with  a  comparison  for  the  wodl  max  envelope  and  wodl  max  in  the  table.  table  4:  table  5:  as  can  be  seen  the  values  of  wodl  increments  are  quite  similar,  while  the  value  of  the  determinant  varies  considerably  see  table  .  this  is  caused  by  a  large  spread  of  data.  by  analyzing  the  envelope  value  of  the  maximum  wodl  value,  it  can  be  concluded  that  the  fit  of  the  model  is  much  closer  to  value  1.0  100.  first  step  in  this
__label__environmentmonitoring kind  of  analysis  was  to  define  time  of  day  in  which  rush  hours  in  warsaw  metro  occur.  number  of  tickets  that  were  bought  on  two  metro  stations,  raclawicka  and  pola  mokotowskie,  was  used  to  estimate  rush  hours  for  first  line  of  warsaw  metro.  analysis  was  made  during  working  days  and  on  saturdays  on  data  covering  years  2003  and  2004.  based  on  these  data  rush  hours  on  the  test  measuring  profile  are  as  follows:  because  of  differences  between  working  days  and  weekends  and  because  of  smaller  number  of  passengers  during  weekends,  working  days  rush  hours  were  chosen  for  monitoring  as  decisive.
__label__environmentmonitoring exemplary  results  of  daily  distribution  of  maximum  value  of  wodl  coefficient  for  train  number  18  recorded  in  january  2004  on  building  n118  are  shown  in  figure  .  figure  11:  average  values  of  wodl  coefficient  for  train  number  18  for  different  time  of  day:  morning,  rush  hours  and  evening  are  listed  in  table  .  in  this  table  date  of  measurement  and  number  of  trains  passing  during  the  day  is  also  listed.  table  6:  in  thirteen  days  from  working  days  during  january  2004  average  value  of  wodl  is  higher  during  rush  hours  than  in  the  morning,  and  in  twelve  days  average  wodl
__label__environmentmonitoring values  were  higher  during  rush  hours  than  in  the  evening.  the  total  average  value  calculated  for  whole  month  also  shows  that  wodl  coefficient  is  higher  for  rush  hour  than  beyond  them.  what  is  interesting  this  difference  between  average  value  of  wodl  is  higher  comprising  rush  hours  to  the  evening  than  to  the  morning,  but  the  highest  value  of  wodl  occurs  in  the  evening  not  in  the  rush  hours.  between  6  and  10  of  february  wheels  of  train  number  18  were  rolled  which  of  course  effect  on  wodl  results.  daily  distribution  after  this  renovation  is  shown  in  figure  and  average  values
__label__environmentmonitoring of  wodl  are  listed  in  table  .  table  7:  figure  12:  the  main  observation  is  that  renovation  of  wheels  has  much  higher  influence  on  wodl  values  than  rush  hours  effect.  which  is  proper  for  diagnosis  of  wheel  train  condition,  and  which  was  assumption  of  monitoring  system  in  warsaw  metro.  total  average  value  calculated  for  whole  february  is  higher  for  rush  hours  but  differences  between  rush  hours  and  the  other  time  of  day  are  not  as  significant  as  it  was  before  wheels  were  rolled.  comparing  days  in  which  during  rush  hours  average  value  of  wodl  was  higher  than  in  other  time
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  day  it  can  be  seen  that  before  and  after  renovation  of  train  wheels  average  values  of  wodl  are  higher  but  not  very  significant  during  the  rush  hours  than  for  other  time  of  day.  these  differences  are  in  both  cases  higher  when  rush  hours  are  compared  with  the  evening.  standard  deviation  for  rush  hours  is  higher  than  for  the  other  daytime.  this  all  suggest  that  train  filled  with  passengers  can  give  higher  human  perception  of  vibration  residing  in  buildings  located  close  to  metro  line.  rush  hours  in  warsaw  metro  are  not  estimated  precisely  which  could  be  a  reason  of
__label__environmentmonitoring relatively  small  differences  between  morning  and  rush  hours.  this  indicates  that  morning  rush  hours  should  be  specified  during  more  precise  measurements.  in  the  paper  the  monitoring  system  in  warsaw  metro  was  presented.  since  2003,  when  the  system  was  installed,  many  changes  have  been  made  in  the  operation  and  management  of  the  metro.  many  advantages  can  be  distinguished  after  the  system  was  introduced.  first  of  all,  the  number  of  complaints  related  to  the  negative  impact  of  vibrations  on  people  in  nearby  buildings  has  decreased.  the  main  reason  for  these  complaints  was  problems  with  wheel  profiling.  the  level  of  these  impacts  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  rate  of  change  were  observed  only  after  the  system  was  installed.  this  significantly  contributed  to  improving  the  comfort  of  use  of  buildings  near  the  metro  line.  the  method  of  repairing  wheels  on  trains  has  also  been  fundamentally  changed.  during  the  first  period  of  system  operation,  only  the  wheels  with  the  largest  damage  were  repaired,  which  did  not  give  good  results.  the  system  introduced  the  principle  of  repairing  all  wheels  on  the  train,  which  improved  comfort  and  contributed  to  the  extension  of  the  period  between  subsequent  repairs.  the  system  also  allowed  better  planning  of  repairs.  thanks  to  the  introduced  alarm
__label__environmentmonitoring levels  in  the  system,  it  is  possible  to  plan  repairs  for  individual  trains.  it  also  allows  for  better  planning  of  costs  and  organization  of  costs.  the  measurement  system  together  with  the  software  allows  you  to  make  decisions  that  affect  the  image  of  the  metro  manager  in  an  easy  and  quick  way  and  enables  the  rationalization  of  costs.  the  vibration  monitoring  system  introduced  on  the  first  metro  line  in  warsaw  has  fulfilled  its  role  so  well  that  it  is  currently  being  expanded  on  subsequent  sections  of  the  second  metro  line  in  warsaw.  the  authors  declare  that  there  are  no  conflicts  of
__label__environmentmonitoring interest  regarding  the  publication  of  the  paper.  smart  structures  and  systems  mechanical  systems  and  signal  processing  journal  of  civil  structural  health  monitoring  smart  materials  and  structures  earthquake  spectra  smart  materials  and  structures  shock  and  vibration  earthquake  engineering  and  engineering  vibration  soil  dynamics  and  earthquake  engineering  tunnel  construction  canadian  journal  of  civil  engineering  vibration  from  underground  railways  ph.d.  thesis  proceedings  of  the  27th  international  conference  on  vibroengineering  proceedings  of  the  the  eleventh  international  conference  on  computational  structures  technology  proceedings  of  the  d.  makovikajr  archive  of  applied  mechanics  proceedings  of  the  royal  society  a  mathematical,  physical  and  engineering  sciences  wear  proceedings  of
__label__environmentmonitoring conference  structural  dynamics  eurodyn  2002  proceedings  of  4th  international  conference  on  experiments/process/system/modelling/simulation/optimization  archive  of  applied  mechanics  effect  of  longterm  dynamic  loads  generated  by  subway  trains  passes  by  ph.d.  thesis  wydawnictwo  pk,  krakw  2018  hindawi  limited  unless  otherwise  stated.
__label__environmentmonitoring download  sign  in  buy  now  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  download  sign  in  buy  now  buy  now  on  ubibot  online  store  buy  now  on  ubibot  online  store  free  worldwide  shipping  on  orders  over  250  temperature  sensor  precision0.3  range20  to  60  4  to  140  precision0.3  range20  to  60  4  to  140  humidity  sensor  precision3rh  range10  to  90  precision3rh  range10  to  90  ambient  light  sensor  precision2  range0.01  to  83k  lux  vibration  index  sensor  precision4mg  range  16  to  16g  external  temperature  sensor  precision0.5  range  55  to  125  67  to  257f  the  device  is  not
__label__environmentmonitoring waterproof.  for  outdoor  use  or  indoor  environment  with  constant  90  or  higher  humidity  ,  please  use  a  and  connect  the  .  temperature  sensor  precision0.3  range20  to  60  4  to  140  precision0.3  range20  to  60  4  to  140  humidity  sensor  precision3rh  range10  to  90  precision3rh  range10  to  90  ambient  light  sensor  precision2  range0.01  to  83k  lux  vibration  index  sensor  precision4mg  range  16  to  16g  external  temperature  sensor  precision0.5  range  55  to  125  67  to  257f  the  device  is  not  waterproof.  for  outdoor  use  or  indoor  environment  with  constant  90  or  higher  humidity  ,  please  use  a  and  connect  the  .  wifi:
__label__environmentmonitoring requires  2.4ghz  802.11  b/g/n,  channels  113  network.  5ghz  wifi  is  not  supported  wifi  security:  supports  open,  wep,  or  wpa/wpa2  types  wifi  channel  width:  supports  20mhz  or  auto  setting  compatibility:  ios  11,  android  8.1,  or  windows  7or  os  x  v10.8  power  source:  2  x  aa  batteries  /  micro  usb  5v/2a  battery  life:  46  months  length:  2.56  65mm  height:  2.56  65mm  width:  0.651.6.5mm  onboard  memory:  300,000  sensing  records  external  probe:  supports  ds18b20  temperature  probeoptional  extra  weight:  32  3g  without  batteries  ports:1  mini  usb,  1  micro  usb  sensing  rangetemperature  4  to  14020  to  60  humidity10  to  90  device  setting:  supports  minimum  device  sync
__label__environmentmonitoring interval  upload  is  1  minute,  and  minimum  sensing  interval  is  1  minute  temperature,  humidity,  light,  external  probe  and  battery  voltage.  alert  types:  supports  app  push  notifications,  email,  sms  text  and  phone  call  alerts.  alerts  can  be  set  on  numericbased  sensor  readings  and  network  status  e.g.  when  connection  is  lost  or  batteries  are  low.  all  alerts  are  sent  from  the  ubibot  cloud.  the  quoted  battery  life  was  tested  using  varta  industrial  batteries  under  stable  signal  conditions  with  default  synchronisation  and  sampling  settings.for  more  details,  please  click  .  the  device  is  not  waterproof.  for  outdoor  use  or  indoor  environment  with  constant  90
__label__environmentmonitoring or  higher  humidity  ,  please  use  a  and  connect  the  .  depending  on  the  specific  model  purchased.  the  quoted  battery  life  was  tested  using  varta  industrial  batteries  under  stable  signal  conditions  with  default  synchronisation  and  sampling  settings.for  more  details,  please  click  .  ce  fcc  rosh  ic  rcm  ce  fcc  rosh  ic  rcm  historic  silk  textiles  are  extremely  precious  and  need  to  be  carefully  preserved.  the  slightest  change  in  temperature  or  humidity  could  damage  them.  museum  curators  can  use  the  ws1  to  monitor  the  environment  remotely  and  will  receive  an  alert  if  conditions  ever  change.  wine  is  best  kept  at  5070
__label__environmentmonitoring relative  humidity  and  needs  a  consistent  cool  temperature.  by  installing  ubibot  ws1  sensors  in  your  wine  cellar  you  are  assured  that  you  will  be  notified  of  any  deviation  from  the  ideal  conditions.  the  ubibot  ws1  gives  museum  curators  and  gallery  owners  peace  of  mind  by  providing  realtime  visibility  of  environmental  conditions  and  configurable  alerts  when  conditions  go  outside  safe  bounds.  environmental  conditions  are  critical  when  storing  medications.  ubibot  gives  you  round  the  clock  monitoring  of  storage  conditions  to  ensure  quality  and  safety.  servers  are  sensitive  to  extremes  of  heat  and  humidity.  to  keep  them  safe  businesses  can  combine  our  wireless
__label__environmentmonitoring monitoring  device  with  customised  alerts  to  warn  them  when  things  are  getting  critical.  realtime  monitoring  is  vital  in  intelligent  agriculture  and  horticulture.  because  the  ws1  offers  automatic  syncing  of  data,  you  can  monitor  conditions  remotely  through  our  app  or  via  the  ubibot  iot  platform.  products  dashboards  business  partners  docs  where  to  buy  company  ws1  ubibot  web  console  volume  pricing  platform  api  ubibot  partners  about  us  ws1  pro  ubibot  space  become  a  distributor  qa  aliexpress  store  contact  gs1  ubibot  support  desk  affiliates  privacy  policy  online  store  system  status  accessories  agency  console  terms  of  service  products  ws1  ws1  pro  gs1  accessories  dashboards
__label__environmentmonitoring ubibot  web  console  ubibot  space  ubibot  support  desk  agency  console  business  partners  volume  pricing  become  a  distributor  affiliates  docs  platform  api  qa  privacy  policy  terms  of  service  where  to  buy  ubibot  partners  aliexpress  store  online  store  company  about  us  contact  system  status
__label__environmentmonitoring download  sign  in  buy  now  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  download  sign  in  buy  now  the  ubibot  iot  platform  lets  you  monitor  all  your  ubibot  sensors  in  one  location.  it  also  allows  you  to  connect  other  devices  and  to  create  your  own  services  using  our  open  api.  with  worldwide  connectivity,  you  can  monitor  your  devices  and  data  from  anywhere,  at  any  time  and  use  our  custom  alerts  to  receive  notifications  wherever  you  are.  we  will  never  charge  you  for  uploads  to  the  ubibot  iot  platform.  as  long  as  you  have  storage
__label__environmentmonitoring available,  you  can  upload  as  much  data  as  you  need.  the  ubibot  iot  platform  lets  you  monitor  all  your  ubibot  sensors  in  one  location.  it  also  allows  you  to  connect  other  devices  and  to  create  your  own  services  using  our  open  api.  with  worldwide  connectivity,  you  can  monitor  your  devices  and  data  from  anywhere,  at  any  time  and  use  our  custom  alerts  to  receive  notifications  wherever  you  are.  we  will  never  charge  you  for  uploads  to  the  ubibot  iot  platform.  as  long  as  you  have  storage  available,  you  can  upload  as  much  data  as  you  need.  our  restful  api  is
__label__environmentmonitoring free  to  use  and  lets  iot  developers  create  their  own  apps.  sign  up  to  one  of  our  plans  to  get  all  the  storage  and  outbound  traffic  you  need.  the  data  always  belongs  to  you  and  we  promise  unrestricted  access  via  our  platform.  everyone  who  buys  a  device  from  ubibot  gets  access  to  our  iot  platform.  view  your  data,  create  visualisations  and  manage  custom  alerts,  all  without  the  need  for  any  expertise.  even  better,  every  user  gets  200mb  of  storage  and  1gb  of  outbound  traffic  for  free  credits  200mb  1gb  credits  1gb  5gb  credits  2gb  10gb  credits  4gb  20gb  credits  8gb
__label__environmentmonitoring 40gb  credits  16gb  80gb  fee  credits/month  pricing  plans  are  at  devicelevel.  take  the  free  plan  as  an  example.  the  free  200mb  storage  and  1gb  outbound  traffic  is  for  each  device.  if  you  have  multiple  devices,  each  of  it  will  have  200mb  storage  and  1gb  outbound  traffic.  200mb  storage  is  for  lifetime  and  1gb  of  outbound  traffic  is  rotated  monthly.  but  any  balance  of  the  outbound  traffic  will  not  roll  over  to  the  next  month.  for  example,  if  you  have  500  mb  outbound  traffic  unused  this  month,  you  still  have  1  gb  next  month.  a  maximum  of  20  alert  rules  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  added  to  each  channel  free  free  free  from  0.03  credit  /  call  and  0.02  credit  /  sms  view  datails  free  1  credits/month  getting  started  getting  started  1  credit  /month  per  device  a  maximum  of  20  alert  rules  can  be  added  to  each  channel  free  free  free  from  0.03  credit  /  call  and  0.02  credit  /  sms  view  datails  free  1  getting  started  getting  started  1  credit  /month  per  device  charges:  n/a  creditsper  call  charges:  n/a  creditsper  message  threshold  of  200  free  alert  emails  per  device  per  month  is  rotated  monthly  if  you  own  10  devices,  you  would  have  2000
__label__environmentmonitoring free  email  sends  per  month.  overage  costs  2  credits  per  thousand  email  alerts  sent.  the  voice  call  and  sms  text  alerts  might  be  blocked  by  the  operator  when  alerts  are  sent  in  high  frequency  to  the  same  phone  number  within  a  short  period  of  time.  this  depends  on  specific  operators  and  fees  are  charged  accordingly.  we  offer  3  times  free  trial  data  forwarding  services  for  new  ubibot  device.  each  trial  is  valid  for  24  hours.  monthly  fees  will  be  charged  if  you  would  like  to  continue  with  this  function.  click  to  learn  detailed  configuration  steps.  the  credits  in  your  account
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  used  to  pay  for  any  ubibot  platform  services,  including  monthly  plan  fees,  chargeable  alerts  and  outbound  traffic  renewal,  etc.  the  credits  can  not  be  exchanged  to  cash  or  transferred  to  others.  1  credit  equals  to  1  usd.  products  dashboards  business  partners  docs  where  to  buy  company  ws1  ubibot  web  console  volume  pricing  platform  api  ubibot  partners  about  us  ws1  pro  ubibot  space  become  a  distributor  qa  aliexpress  store  contact  gs1  ubibot  support  desk  affiliates  privacy  policy  online  store  system  status  accessories  agency  console  terms  of  service  products  ws1  ws1  pro  gs1  accessories  dashboards  ubibot  web  console  ubibot  space
__label__environmentmonitoring ubibot  support  desk  agency  console  business  partners  volume  pricing  become  a  distributor  affiliates  docs  platform  api  qa  privacy  policy  terms  of  service  where  to  buy  ubibot  partners  aliexpress  store  online  store  company  about  us  contact  system  status
__label__environmentmonitoring download  sign  in  buy  now  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  download  sign  in  buy  now  manage  all  your  iot  data  in  one  location,  extract  clear  insights  and  maximise  its  value.  you  always  retain  full  control  over  your  data.  unlimited  cloudbased  storage  ensures  you  will  never  run  out  of  space.  this  allows  you  to  view  all  your  historical  data  via  the  app  or  browser.  our  free  restful  api  gives  you  full  access  to  our  platform,  allowing  you  to  build  your  own  apps  to  access  your  data  securely.  use  powerful  analysis  and  visualisation
__label__environmentmonitoring tools  to  get  the  most  out  of  your  data.  spot  trends  and  make  direct  comparisons.  our  fully  customisable  alerts  system  will  notify  you  by  app  notifications  or  emails  as  soon  as  any  metrics  cross  the  thresholds  you  set.  our  platform  is  designed  to  keep  all  your  data  secure  so  you  never  have  to  worry  about  hackers  or  other  security  breaches.  products  dashboards  business  partners  docs  where  to  buy  company  ws1  ubibot  web  console  volume  pricing  platform  api  ubibot  partners  about  us  ws1  pro  ubibot  space  become  a  distributor  qa  aliexpress  store  contact  gs1  ubibot  support  desk  affiliates  privacy  policy  online
__label__environmentmonitoring store  system  status  accessories  agency  console  terms  of  service  products  ws1  ws1  pro  gs1  accessories  dashboards  ubibot  web  console  ubibot  space  ubibot  support  desk  agency  console  business  partners  volume  pricing  become  a  distributor  affiliates  docs  platform  api  qa  privacy  policy  terms  of  service  where  to  buy  ubibot  partners  aliexpress  store  online  store  company  about  us  contact  system  status
__label__environmentmonitoring download  sign  in  buy  now  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  home  products  platform  console  pricing  docs  news  download  sign  in  buy  now  buy  now  on  ubibot  online  store  free  worldwide  shipping  on  orders  over  250  depending  on  the  specific  model  purchased.  length  :  4.96  126mm  height  :  3.38  86mm  width  :  0.88  22.5mm  weight  :  143g  3g  without  batteries  sensing  range  :  temperature  4  to  14020  to  60,  humidity  10  to  90  accuracy  :  temperature:  0.3,  humidity:  3  rh,  ambient  light:  2  screen  :  4.4  lcd  with  backlight  power  source  :  4  x  aa  batteries  or  micro  usb
__label__environmentmonitoring 5v/2a  battery  life  :  812  months  wifi  only;  12  months  wifi  and  sim  compatibility  :  ios  11,  android  8.1,  or  windows  7or  os  x  v10.8  ports  :  2  micro  usb  external  probe  :  supports  ds18b20  temperature  probe  optional  extra  onboard  memory  :  300,000  sensing  records  network  :  supports  wifi,  gprs  /  3g  /  4g  wifi  channel  width  :  supports  20mhz  or  auto  setting  wifi  security  :  supports  open,  wep,  or  wpa/wpa2  types  wifi  :  requires  2.4ghz  802.11  b/g/n,  channels  113  network  5ghz  wifi  is  not  supported  gsm  band  :  900/1800mhz  3g  band  :  cdmabc0  lte  band  :  lte  fdd  b1/b3/b5/b8;lte
__label__environmentmonitoring tddb34/b38/b39/b40  /b41;wcdma  b1/b8;tdscdma  b34/b39  device  setting:  the  minimum  device  sync  interval  upload  is  1  minute,  and  minimum  sensing  interval  is  1  minute  temperature,  humidity,  light,  external  probe  and  battery  voltage.  alert  types:  supports  app  push  notifications,  email,  sms  text,  phone  call  alerts  and  audible  alerts.  alerts  can  be  set  on  numeric  based  sensor  readings  and  network  status  e.g.  when  connection  is  lost  or  batteries  are  low.  all  alerts  are  sent  from  the  ubibot  cloud.  the  sensor  precision  might  fluctuate  slightly  in  actual  usage  because  of  enviroment  condition,  deployed  position,  etc.  see  for  detailed  parameters.  the  quoted  battery  life  was  tested
__label__environmentmonitoring using  varta  industrial  batteries  under  stable  signal  conditions  with  default  synchronisation  and  sampling  settings.for  more  details,  please  click  .  depending  on  the  specific  model  purchased.  the  device  is  not  waterproof.  for  outdoor  use  or  indoor  environment  with  constant  90  or  higher  humidity  ,  please  use  a  and  connect  the  .  depending  on  the  specific  model  purchased.  the  quoted  battery  life  was  tested  using  varta  industrial  batteries  under  stable  signal  conditions  with  default  synchronisation  and  sampling  settings.for  more  details,  please  click  .  the  ws1  pro  uses  world  leading  industrial  grade  sensors  in  order  to  provide  accurate  measurement  and  great  performance  time
__label__environmentmonitoring after  time.  the  ws1  pro  is  sleek  enough  to  blend  into  any  room,  yet  beautiful  enough  to  be  the  centre  of  attention.  the  ws1  pro  provides  you  with  programmable  smart  alerts  whenever  any  readings  go  outside  the  range  you  define.  alerts  are  delivered  to  you  using  multiple  channels  text,  notifications,  etc.  the  4.4  inch  screen  allows  you  to  quickly  see  the  temperature  celsius  or  fahrenheit,  ambient  light  and  humidity.  tell  the  humidity  at  a  glance  using  the  emoticons  on  screen.  setting  up  the  ws1  pro  takes  just  3  minutes  and  it  uses  wifi  or  mobile  data  to  sync  your  data
__label__environmentmonitoring automatically.  our  app  allows  you  to  access  the  data  via  your  smartphone  or  you  can  access  it  from  any  browser.  the  ws1  pro  comes  with  two  micro  usb  ports  allowing  you  to  further  extend  the  functionality  of  your  device  using  our  external  measurement  probes.  ce  fcc  rosh  ic  rcm  ce  fcc  rosh  ic  rcm  products  dashboards  business  partners  docs  where  to  buy  company  ws1  ubibot  web  console  volume  pricing  platform  api  ubibot  partners  about  us  ws1  pro  ubibot  space  become  a  distributor  qa  aliexpress  store  contact  gs1  ubibot  support  desk  affiliates  privacy  policy  online  store  system  status  accessories  agency  console
__label__environmentmonitoring terms  of  service  products  ws1  ws1  pro  gs1  accessories  dashboards  ubibot  web  console  ubibot  space  ubibot  support  desk  agency  console  business  partners  volume  pricing  become  a  distributor  affiliates  docs  platform  api  qa  privacy  policy  terms  of  service  where  to  buy  ubibot  partners  aliexpress  store  online  store  company  about  us  contact  system  status
__label__environmentmonitoring covering  the  latest  news  and  technologies  around  internet  of  things,  machine  learning,  and  more.  menu  choosing  an  iot  temperature  sensor  for  connected  hardware  applications  may  seem  like  a  straightforward  decision.  everyone  has  experience  monitoring  the  temperature  using  their  own  sense  of  hot  cold,  analog  thermometers,  and  the  many  digital  temperature  displays  on  thermostats,  car  dashboards,  and  smart  phones.  but  selecting  the  right  temperature  sensor  for  internet  of  things  applications  involves  taking  many  factors  into  account  and  is  not  a  simple  decision.  for  example,  our  customers  here  at  temboo  build  and  run  iot  applications  for  aviation,  agriculture,  ,  ,  and  many
__label__environmentmonitoring other  industries.  theyre  measuring  the  temperature  of  very  different  things  in  very  different  settings  with  very  different  needs.  choosing  the  right  temperature  sensor  in  each  case  requires  taking  into  account  the  scale,  location,  budget,  and  intended  use  of  your  iot  application.  i  generally  dive  into  looking  for  iot  sensors  with  octopart;  then  i  look  at  digikey,  texas  instruments,  and  mouser;  and  other  suppliers  to  find  out  what  exists  and  compare  them.  you  really  want  to  make  sure  youve  got  all  the  information  you  need.  with  temboo,  the  choices  for  hardware  are  nearly  limitless.  our  software  libraries  come  preinstalled  on  hardware
__label__environmentmonitoring platforms  from  samsung,  texas  instruments,  and  arduino,  and  our  downloadable  sdks  work  on  many  devices.  and  since  most  sensors  only  require  a  few  gpio  pins  to  connect  a  hardware  board,  the  available  choices  are  almost  endless.  today,  well  cover  temperature  sensors  in  general  and  the  rationale  for  our  choice  of  temperature  sensor  used  in  .  in  general,  its  important  to  keep  in  mind  a  few  key  factors  when  picking  an  iot  temperature  sensor:  cost:  supplier:  accuracy  precision:  accessibility:  measurement  range:  power  consumption:  texas  instruments  ,  the  sensor  that  we  chose  for  our  cloudconnected  sensors.  its  got  great  precision  at  a
__label__environmentmonitoring very  competitive  price  with  industrialgrade  quantities:  texas  instruments  ,  although  used  commonly  amongst  the  diy  community,  it  is  not  something  that  would  be  able  to  fulfill  our  needs  for  a  sensor  suitable  in  industrial  usage  due  to  its  precision  range  and  costs  per  unit:  sparkfuns  ,  wired  probe  sensor.  with  a  heftier  price  tag,  it  wasnt  suitable  for  our  intended  usage  on  industrial  farms  but  might  be  interesting  for  those  working  in  more  extreme  environments:  atmels  ,  with  a  price  point  much  more  enticing  than  our  pick  for  the  cloudconnected  sensors,  we  passed  over  this  choice  only  because  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring less  precise  nature  of  the  instrument:  for  our  connected  sensors  iot  app,  the  intended  use  case  is  monitoring  the  temperature  of  delicate  assets  such  as  biological  stock  that  can  go  from  good  to  bad  in  the  span  of  0.5c.  to  enable  a  massproduced  and  productionready  iot  temperature  sensor  solution,  our  main  considerations  were  cost  and  accuracy.  the  texas  instruments  lmt84lp  thus  fit  our  needs  because  of  its  relatively  high  accuracy  and  low  per  unit  cost.  had  we  been  monitoring  machines,  we  could  potentially  have  gone  with  a  less  accurate  temperature  sensor,  as  the  difference  between  a  degree  point  or  two
__label__environmentmonitoring for  an  industrial  machine  would  still  result  in  the  same  automated  system  shutdown  or  cooling  procedure.  youll  not  only  want  to  find  the  sensor  that  meets  your  applications  requirements  for  range  and  accuracy,  but  is  also  easily  accessible  in  the  right  quantities  for  your  devices.  however,  priorities  may  shift  for  developers  who  are  looking  for  temperature  sensors  that  work  under  special  conditions  such  as  the  ds18b20  for  underwater  projects  or  require  sensors  that  work  under  different  power  consumption  levels.  for  cases  where  the  deployment  is  on  a  larger  scale  or  requires  a  highertouch  of  customization,  it  may  be  best  to
__label__environmentmonitoring approach  a  sensor  manufacturer  directly  to  request  sensors  that  would  fit  the  solutions  needs.  there  are  many  iot  temperature  sensor  manufacturers  out  therethis  exhibitor  list  from  the  upcoming  is  a  good  resource  to  start  investigating  them.  40  of  the  food  produced  in  the  united  states  is  wasted,  in  many  cases  not  even  making  it  to  your  table  through  the  distribution  chain.  recently  vaccines  worth  1.3m  spoiled  in  pakistan,  imperiling  the  health  of  many.  aviation  firms  spend  millions  of  dollar  each  year  complying  with  audit  requirements  to  ensure  their  equipment  is  safe.  these  are  just  a  few  industry  examples  where  better
__label__environmentmonitoring temperature  monitoring  will  significantly  reduce  costs  while  also  bringing  big  benefits  to  health,  safety,  and  .  the  internet  of  things  enables  companies  to  improve  their  bottom  lines  while  making  the  world  a  better  place.  our  connected  sensors  iot  app  can  serve  as  an  offtheshelf  temperature  sensing  solution  for  your  business,  and  since  temboo  automatically  generates  the  application  code  for  the  device  youre  using,  you  can  modify  and  extend  the  iot  application  so  that  it  becomes  a  custom  solution  for  your  own  businesss  needs.  start  building  your  own  today.  related  temboos  mission  is  to  empower  more  people  and  organizations  to  build
__label__environmentmonitoring their  own  software  for  physical  and  digital  systems,  using  machinegenerated  code  to  expand  who  can  participate  in  software  development.  is  temboos  allinone  saas  offering  for  industrial  internet  of  things  applications.  a  powerful  software  toolkit  that  lets  companies  develop,  deploy,  and  manage  their  own  iot  systems  no  coding  required.
__label__environmentmonitoring 12,388  82  8  featured  hello  everyone  today  i  am  going  to  design  an  iotinternet  of  things  based  room  temperature  monitoring  system.  here  i  will  use  esp8266  to  connect  to  the  internet.  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  1  arduino  uno  any  arduino  board  2  esp01  esp8266  family  3  lm35  temperature  sensor  according  to  its  developers,  thingspeak  is  an  open  source  internet  of  things  iot  application  and  api  to  store  and  retrieve  data  from  things  using  the  http  protocol  over  the  internet  or  via  a
__label__environmentmonitoring local  area  network.  thingspeak  enables  the  creation  of  sensor  logging  applications,  location  tracking  applications,  and  a  social  network  of  things  with  status  updates  go  to  and  sign  up  with  your  matlab  account.  if  you  dont  have  then  create  one.  to  make  a  private  channel  on  thingspeak.com  follow  these  steps:  1  open  your  web  browser  and  go  to  thingspeak.com  and  click  on  sign  up  tab  in  right  top  corner.  2  fill  in  the  details  and  click  on  create  account.  3  now  click  on  new  channel  tab.  4  again  fill  in  details  for  channel  and  enable  1  fields  as  we  will  be
__label__environmentmonitoring sending  1  sensor  values,  scroll  down  and  click  on  save  channel  tab.  5on  this  page  click  on  api  keys  tab  and  note  down  your  write  api  key  and  past  it  to  your  arduino  code.  thats  all  folks,  now  you  have  your  private  thingspeak  channel.  connect  the  wires.  use  you  own  api  key,  and  change  the  ssid  and  password.  github  after  burning  the  code  login  to  and  click  private  view.  you  can  edit  the  channel  and  check  the  public  view  to  monitor  without  login.  enjoy  participated  in  the  participated  in  the  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,593
__label__environmentmonitoring enrolled  1  year  ago  hi,  im  trying  to  compile  the  code  and  it  gives  an  stdlib.h  error.  can  you  help  me?  2  years  ago  please  try  the  whole  things  without  arduino  reply  2  years  ago  thank  you  for  suggesting.  my  next  instructable  will  be  on  that.  reply  2  years  ago  dear  adil  can  you  show  how  the  same  system  could  be  run  with  temperature  sensor  ds18b20.  is  the  wiring  diagram  is  the  same  ,  what  do  i  need  to  modify  in  the  code.  manythanks  ahmed  2  years  ago  can  you  tell  why  there  are  some  missing  points  in  the  graphs?
__label__environmentmonitoring in  my  application  it  also  happens  some  times.  reply  2  years  ago  the  esp8266  needs  its  own  3.3v  power  supply.  there  isnt  enough  juice  from  the  arduino  3.3v  pin.  reply  2  years  ago  thanks  2  years  ago  to  adil95b  and  others.....  make  sure  you  use  the  library  thinkspeak.h  which  makes  these  applications  so  much  simpler.  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring 3,997  37  update:  the  article  below  is  from  our  legacy  android  app.  .  well  help  you,  your  teams,  and  your  business  with  using  .  we  recommend  using  with  since  theyre  much  more  reliable  than  androids  for  like:  you  can  use  with  any  of  the  following  :  is  ,  timestamped,  and  sent  to  via  any  internet  connectivity  like  wifi,  ethernet,  or  cell  network.  you  can  use  with  youll  find  services  for  ,  ,  and  to  help  you  with  your  .  valarm  compatible  .  have  a  look  at  .  learn  how  all  of  this  works  together  with  .  this  video  shows  you
__label__environmentmonitoring how  easy  it  is  for  you  to  do  remote  temperature  monitoring  with  the  .  temperature  and  other  mobile  environmental  sensors  compatible  with  valarm  are  available  at  .  transcript  /  voiceover:  the  runs  on  android  devices  and  is  compatible  with  a  variety  of  sensors  via  usb  otg  bluetooth  and  integrates  with  the  website.  we  recommend  using  a  dedicated  device  you  can  leave  in  the  field  for  your  scenario.  this  is  a  made  by  yoctopuce.  the  as  well  as  holes  for  easy  mounting  your  sensor  on  various  surfaces.  we  also  use  double  stick  tape  or  adhesivebacked  velcro  since  the  sensor  is  really
__label__environmentmonitoring light.  for  you  to  do  remote  temperature  monitoring  you  first  get  the  .  once  youve  installed  the  plug  in  and  launch  valarm.  im  using  a  here  that  allows  you  to  charge  a  phone  at  the  same  time  as  talking  to  usb  otg  devices  like  sensors.  you  can  get  a  aka  at  .  now  go  to  the  all  settings  screen  and  click  yoctopuce  then  yoctometeo  and  light.  turn  on  yoctopuce  sensors  at  the  top  if  you  havent  already.  use  the  scan  all  button  to  see  what  the  current  environment  is  like.  use  the  sliders  to  set  the  maximum  and  minimum  temperature
__label__environmentmonitoring values.  if  the  temperature  goes  above  the  maximum  or  below  the  minimum  you  will  trigger  an  alert,  which  you  can  monitor  and  view  on  valarm  tools  web  maps  and  receive  the  alert  in  a  text  message.  you  can  go  back  to  the  settings  screen  and  turn  on  the  interval  timer  to  trigger  alerts  at  your  desired  time  intervals,  for  example  every  15  minutes.  to  see  your  sensor  data  uploaded  to  the  web  .  now  you  can  set  up  sms  or  text  message  alerts  by  going  to  sms/remote  control  settings.  turn  on  sms  alerts  at  the  top  of  the  screen.  if
__label__environmentmonitoring you  do  custom  sms  alerts  you  can  choose  which  valarm  sensor  triggers  will  send  you  text  messages.  this  is  useful  if  you  want  to  have  the  interval  timer  record  your  environments  temperature  every  15  minutes  and  upload  your  sensor  data  to  the  web  but  at  the  same  time  you  only  want  to  receive  a  text  message  when  the  temperature  goes  above  100  degrees.  you  do  that  by  only  checking  the  ambient  temp  checkboxes  in  the  custom  list  and  leaving  the  interval  timer  box  unchecked.  back  on  the  main  sms  settings  page  you  can  set  an  sms  throttle  which  allows  you
__label__environmentmonitoring to  set  the  maximum  rate  at  which  the  device  will  send  you  messages.  click  any  of  the  question  mark  buttons  throughout  the  app  to  learn  more  about  that  feature.  enter  up  to  3  phone  numbers  to  receive  valarm  alerts.  at  the  bottom  of  this  screen  youll  also  see  the  remote  control  settings  where  you  can  set  a  password  for  remotely  controlling  your  valarm  device  by  text  message.  for  example  you  can  send  your  device  a  text  message  to  arm  or  disarm  at  any  time.  see  for  more  about  remote  control  commands.  now  youre  good  to  go  so  go  back  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  home  screen  and  arm  valarm.  once  valarm  is  armed  your  device  is  monitoring  the  .  if  the  temperature  goes  above  your  custom  maximum  or  below  your  minimum  then  a  text  message  will  be  sent  with  the  temperature  and  current  location  of  the  valarmequipped  device.  here  ive  breathed  my  hot  air  onto  the  and  triggered  a  max  temperature  alert  on  the  dedicated  valarm  device.  i  receive  a  text  message  alert  on  my  personal  phone  that  tells  me  the  reading  has  gone  above  75  degrees  fahrenheit  and  the  location  where  this  happened.  you  can  get  more  info  about  this  at  and
__label__environmentmonitoring if  you  have  any  questions  or  comments  email  us  at  infovalarm.net  .  teachers  did  you  use  this  instructable  in  your  classroom?  add  a  teacher  note  to  share  how  you  incorporated  it  into  your  lesson.  participated  in  the  participated  in  the  did  you  make  this  project?  share  it  with  us  23,593  enrolled  2019  autodesk,  inc.
__label__environmentmonitoring component  suppliers  end  product  suppliers  service  providers  please  be  advised  that  this  radio  configuration  rc1  is  not  adapted  for  united  states  .  the  sigfox  tm  outdoor  temperature  from  nke  watteco  is  a  narrowband,  long  range,  low  power  consumption,  high  performance  and  high  quality  wireless  sensor  transmitting  temperature  from  a  ntc  probe.  the  outdoor  temperature  sensor  is  ideal  to  supervise  air  temperature.  it  provides  connection  to  any  wireless  network  using  the  sigfoxtm  protocol.  the  transmission  is  done  on  regular  basis  and  by  threshold  alert.  the  unit  reports  every  24  hours  the  average,  minimum,  maximum  temperature  measured  that  is  useful  to  compute
__label__environmentmonitoring unified  degree  days  which  is  a  typical  indicator  of  energy  consumption  and  costs  for  heating  or  cooling.  the  outdoor  temperature  sensor  is  easy  to  use,  deploy  and  maintain:  the  measured  temperature  can  be  locally  stored,  concatenated  and  compressed.  this  unique  batch  mechanism  significantly  reduce  the  amount  of  data  transmission  for  demanding  applications  and  drastically  increase  the  autonomy.  powered  through  a  lithium  battery,  in  datacompressed  mode  it  allows  an  autonomy  of  up  to  12  years  when  measuring  one  time  per  hour  and  radio  transmitting  data  one  time  per  day.  the  configuration  of  the  transmitter  can  be  done  at  factory  or  onsite
__label__environmentmonitoring allowing  the  choice  of  measurement  cycle,  measurement,  information  frame  radiotransmission  periodicity,  alarms  threshold  values,  data  compression  mode.  in  order  to  download  a  datasheet  please  or  sigfox  ready  end  product  certificate  p001deaca01  ce  1,00010,000  items  84  x  82  x  55  200  gr  temperature  mandatory  internal  12  years  not  replaceable  no
__label__environmentmonitoring find  your  next  opportunity  with  us  the  external  probe  measures  temperature  using  an  external  temperature  probe.  an  is  also  available  for  outdoor  and  industrial  use.  some  situations  require  data  plans.  see  the  sections  below,  and  contact  us  for  volume  pricing.  access  to  the  radio  bridge  online  console  is  not  available  when  purchasing  network  service  directly  from  sigfox  a  gateway  purchase  or  lease  from  machineq  is  required  radio  bridge  provides  a  convenient  webbased  console  where  you  can  configure  your  sensors,  monitor  activity,  set  up  alerts,  and  more.  if  you  are  buying  products  that  require  a  data  plan,  you  can  buy  the
__label__environmentmonitoring plan  right  on  the  console.  if  you  are  using  sensor  products  that  do  not  require  a  plan,  the  console  is  available  for  free.  click  on  the  link  below  to  get  started.  please  visit  our  support  center  to  search  our  knowledge  base  or  submit  a  question  to  our  technical  support  team  radio  bridge  inc  designs  and  manufactures  longrange  wireless  sensors  for  the  internet  of  things  iot  industry  using  the  lorawan  wireless  standard.  wed  love  to  hear  from  you  email  us  at  inforadiobridge.com  or  give  us  a  call  at  833  7234624  copyright  2018  radio  bridge  inc.  all  rights  reserved
__label__environmentmonitoring find  your  next  opportunity  with  us  the  externalprobe  air  uses  air  flow  through  a  sintered  porous  stainless  steel  filter  to  allow  for  temperature  and  humidity  measurements  in  outdoor  and  industrial  environments.  the  enclosure  and  cable  are  ip67  rated  and  the  sintered  porous  filter  is  ip54  rated  to  protect  against  dust  and  debris.  some  situations  require  data  plans.  see  the  sections  below,  and  contact  us  for  volume  pricing.  access  to  the  radio  bridge  online  console  is  not  available  when  purchasing  network  service  directly  from  sigfox  a  gateway  purchase  or  lease  from  machineq  is  required  radio  bridge  provides  a  convenient  webbased  console
__label__environmentmonitoring where  you  can  configure  your  sensors,  monitor  activity,  set  up  alerts,  and  more.  if  you  are  buying  products  that  require  a  data  plan,  you  can  buy  the  plan  right  on  the  console.  if  you  are  using  sensor  products  that  do  not  require  a  plan,  the  console  is  available  for  free.  click  on  the  link  below  to  get  started.  please  visit  our  support  center  to  search  our  knowledge  base  or  submit  a  question  to  our  technical  support  team  radio  bridge  inc  designs  and  manufactures  longrange  wireless  sensors  for  the  internet  of  things  iot  industry  using  the  lorawan  wireless  standard.  wed  love
__label__environmentmonitoring typical  uses  of  the  wireless  temperature  sensors  include  facility  monitoring,  food  safety  in  food  manufacturing  and  in  restaurants,  greenhouse  monitoring,  and  agriculture.  our  wireless  and  vibration  monitoring  system  provide  critical  information  to  ensure  your  systems  are  operating  at  peak  efficiency  at  all  times.  built  by  industry  experts  with  extensive  experience  in  wireless  communication,  cloudstorage,  and  cyber  security,  the  temperature  monitoring  system  is  easy  to  deploy  and  requires  no  ongoing  software  maintenance.  in  order  to  maintain  the  integrity  of  articles  exhibited,  it  is  essential  to  have  a  system  in  place  that  maintains  accurate  and  reliable  data  for  temperature,  humidity  and  light.
__label__environmentmonitoring easily  add  motion  sensors  and  door  sensors  to  track  activity  and/or  compliment  your  existing  video  surveillance.  data  centers  require  exact  air  temperature  and  humidity  settings.  swift  sensors  cloud  wireless  sensor  monitoring  system  allows  monitoring  of  all  your  data  centers  environmental  conditions  anywhere  in  the  world.  swift  sensors  transportation  bridge  includes  gps  so  you  can  track  the  location  of  your  fleet  and  vehicles  in  realtime  on  the  map  inside  the  swift  sensors  console.  the  measures  ambient  temperature  and  relative  humidity  near  the  sensor.  ideal  for  factories,  warehouses,  assembly  lines,  and  refrigerated  and  heated  enclosures.  we  have  a  large  system  of  coolers
__label__environmentmonitoring and  compressors  throughout  our  plant.  these  critical  equipment  assets  are  monitored  to  ensure  efficient  and  quality  operations.  we  deployed  hundreds  of  wireless  sensors  from  swift  sensors  to  upgrade  our  existing  sensors  and  automate  our  manual  monitoring  processes.  my  team  now  focuses  their  time  on  important  daily  tasks  rather  than  manually  checking  temperatures  or  equipment  status.  .  i  learned  of  the  swift  sensors  solution  from  a  trusted  pointofsale  vendor.  as  an  owneroperator  of  12  mcdonalds  stores,  i  wanted  a  simple,  easy  to  deploy  solution  to  monitor  all  of  my  storesfrom  the  temperature  of  our  walkin  coolers,  the  condensers  in  our  refrigerators,
__label__environmentmonitoring to  the  safe  door  in  each  location.  through  a  single  dashboard,  im  alerted  when  something  needs  my  attention.  we  deployed  the  swift  sensors  solution  during  one  of  our  largest  and  busiest  supply  events:  austin  city  limitsacl.  we  had  11  refrigerated  trailers  onsite  to  store  food  inventory  worth  hundreds  of  thousands  of  dollars  for  our  customers.  protecting  food  inventory  is  paramount  for  sysco  and  our  customers.  with  swift  sensors  we  set  thresholds  and  notifications  for  temperature,  humidity  and  door  status  of  each  trailer.  when  the  trailers  were  unattended  at  night  and  when  the  outside  temperatures  increased  during  the  day.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  collectible  data  includes  those  various  signals  that  both  animate  and  inanimate  object  can  send  to  the  iot  systems.  hence,  the  objects  should  have  some  highly  specific  signalgenerating  devices  to  share  information  within  the  iot.  original  article  why  specific?  because  of  a  wide  range  of  signals  they  potentially  can  generate.  even  such  a  complex  system  as  human  body  perfectly  fitted  by  evolution  has  different  organs  for  processing  various  signals  from  the  ambient  environment.  we  are  talking  about  sensors,  the  sensors  used  in  internet  of  things,  of  course.  two  basic  types  of  interaction  are  inherent  in  all  available  sensors:  measurement  and
__label__environmentmonitoring control.  in  addition,  these  types  distinguish  the  direction  of  data  flows  moving  either  from  or  to  the  end  points.  it  corresponds  well  to  how  living  organisms  work:  every  action  creates  a  reaction.  the  behavior  of  machines  mimicking  living  beings  looks  similar  when  the  iot  modus  operandi  takes  place.  however,  the  proportion  between  income  and  outcome  data  flows  may  significantly  vary.  and  what  determines  the  prevailing  type  of  sensors  in  each  case  is  a  domain  where  one  or  another  iot  system  works.  the  following  domains  are  used  to  be  considered  the  most  appropriate  for  iot  applications:  mother  nature  supplied  humans  with
__label__environmentmonitoring unique  patterns  on  their  fingers.  however,  we  have  no  organ  capable  of  detecting  our  fingerprints.  this  is  so,  probably,  because  humans  have  some  different  advanced  capabilities  of  recognizing  each  other.  until  quite  recently,  touch  id  sensors  in  our  phones  were  one  of  the  most  reliable  methods  of  user  identification.  this  is  an  exemplary  case  of  how  the  sensor  industry  transforms  something  naturally  available  into  collectible  data.  the  iot  sensors  list  is  continuously  expanding  since  sensor  manufacturers  keep  figuring  out  more  and  more  signals  that  can  be  detected  and  utilized  through  various  iot  solutions.  new  types  of  the  internet  of  things
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  start  combining  the  entire  clusters  of  signals  due  to  growing  computation  power  of  the  iot  processors.  the  advanced  security  monitoring  systems,  for  example,  are  not  limited  with  just  optical  sensors  motion,  temperature,  infrared  radiation,  sound,  and  weight  constitute  the  properties  that  can  be  detected,  measured,  and  identified  by  the  complex  iot  solutions  through  appropriate  sensors.  to  name  a  few,  the  following  sensors  are  popular  among  many  iot  solution  providers:  the  exact  distance  between  objects  is  what  proximity  sensors  can  detect.  the  scope  of  applications  of  such  sensors  is  really  huge  due  to  very  property  of  space  where  we  live
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  three  dimensional.  the  methods  of  determining  proximity  depend  on  numerous  factors  importation  in  every  given  case.  thats  why  proximity  sensor  manufacturers  can  choose  between  different  basic  technologies  providing  such  types  of  sensors  as  capacitive,  inductive,  ultrasound,  and  photoelectric.  everyone  is  probably  familiar  with  how  the  proximity  sensors  work  when  it  is  necessary  to  fit  your  car  into  a  free  parking  spot  in  a  city  center  where  cars  are  usually  parked  bumper  to  bumper.  an  autoparking  feature  inherent  in  some  nonbudget  cars  is  a  good  example  of  the  iot  application  of  the  proximity  sensors.  infrared  sensors  can  work  in
__label__environmentmonitoring both  directions:  detecting  an  external  infrared  radiation  and  emitting  infrared  radiation  outside.  such  sensors  can  detect  surrounding  objects  through  catching  the  heat  the  latter  emit.  human  body  emits  heat  undetectable  by  our  eyes.  thats  why  infrared  sensors  provide  us  with  a  unique  ability  to  see  through  walls,  for  example.  many  hollywood  scifi  blockbusters  terminator,  predator  used  infrared  vision  effects  to  add  impressive  superhuman  capabilities  to  their  characters.  in  a  real  life,  the  iot  infrared  sensors  are  widely  used  in  wearables  smart  watches  to  measure  pulse  and  blood  pressure.  many  iot  solutions  in  healthcare  are  based  on  the  infrared  sensors  when
__label__environmentmonitoring a  blood  leakage  should  be  detected  or  body  temperature  is  to  be  measured  remotely,  for  example.  the  industrial  iot  application  of  infrared  sensors  implies  remotely  operated  overheat  alarming  along  with  noncontact  temperature  measurement.  asahi  kasei  microdevices,  murata,  and  intersil  are  infrared  sensors  brands,  to  name  a  few.  these  two  types  of  sensors  can  be  grouped  for  a  reason.  both  can  detect  leakages  of  either  water  or  gases.  both  are  used  to  be  applied  to  various  air  quality  control  systems  that  become  more  and  more  popular  with  regard  to  emerging  urbanization.  the  recent  hype  around  the  climate  change  generates  a  growing
__label__environmentmonitoring demand  in  smart  iot  solutions  capable  of  monitoring  living  conditions  both  indoor  and  outdoor.  besides,  one  of  the  implicit  impetuses  for  an  extensive  use  of  such  gas  sensors  as,  for  example,  co2  detectors  is  the  contemporary  staff  efficiency  rush  inherent  in  a  corporate  business  sector  where  workability  of  personnel  is  directly  correlated  with  the  air  quality  in  working  premises.  the  iotbased  smart  ventilation  capable  of  regulating  co2  content  automatically  is  becoming  a  musthave  feature  for  such  public  spaces  as  libraries,  gyms,  shopping  malls,  hospitals,  and  corporate  offices.  needless  to  say  that  humidity  and  gas  sensors  are  indispensable  for  the  air
__label__environmentmonitoring quality  control  and  monitoring  systems.  we  live  on  a  planet  having  quite  significant  gravity  that  imposes  certain  limitations  on  mass  of  physical  objects.  thats  why  no  onshore  living  creature  can  be  more  massive  that  elephants  nowadays.  weight  measurement  is  important  in  a  construction  sector.  recollect  that  awkward  moment  when  you  have  to  leave  an  overcrowded  elevator  somewhere  in  a  business  center  due  to  overweight  detector  which  starts  flashing  if  you  are  in.  namely  weight  sensors  allow  a  secure  exploitation  of  elevators.  the  iotbased  automation  in  every  sector  where  bulk  loading  takes  place  can  hardly  cope  without  iot  weight  sensors:  overweight
__label__environmentmonitoring is  dangerous  for  both  dump  trucks  in  openpit  mines  and  glass  ampules  at  pharmaceutical  enterprises.  as  regards  our  health,  weight  sensors  are  the  integral  parts  of  our  bathroom  scales  that  suggest  us  oftentimes  to  consider  a  less  burgerintensive  diet.  vibration  sensors  help  figuring  out  a  secure  level  of  resonance  in  the  industrial  equipment  whatever  type  of  motion  takes  place.  it  so  happened  that  rotation  became  the  main  type  of  motion  for  any  industry  after  the  invention  of  a  wheel  about  2000  bc.  even  a  very  precise  rotating  mechanisms  generate  a  more  or  less  intensive  vibration.  predictive  maintenance  along  with  selfanalyzing
__label__environmentmonitoring capabilities  of  robotic  production  lines  constitute  a  wide  field  for  the  iot  technology  providers.  continuous  vibration  monitoring  tells  a  lot  about  the  current  state  of  equipment.  the  one  who  controls  vibration  controls  both  the  costeffective  uninterrupted  operation  of  equipment  and  its  overall  lifespan.  hence,  iot  vibration  sensors  as  an  integral  part  of  the  industrial  vibration  diagnostic  systems  bring  a  hidden  but  significant  profit  through  mitigating  risks  of  accidents  and  unplanned  downtimes.  every  automatic  firefighting  system  includes  temperature  sensors.  smart  iot  solutions  for  public  premises  smart  offices,  smart  stores,  smart  gyms,  smart  whatever  else  cannot  do  without  temperature  monitoring.  while  a
__label__environmentmonitoring primitive  but  reliable  bimetallic  temperature  sensor  can  signal  about  only  a  significant  temperature  increase  in  case  of  fire,  a  precise  measurement  of  temperature  for  automatic  air  quality  control  requires  more  sophisticated  digital  iot  temperature  sensors.  temperature  sensors  are  fundamental  for  modern  heating  and  conditioning  systems  both  in  premises  and  transport  vehicles.  what  is  a  fancy  smart  thermostat  in  its  essence?  nothing  but  a  set  of  temperature  sensors  and  data  transmitters.  yet  another  reason  to  remember  about  the  global  climate  change  is  more  frequent  flooding  happening  throughout  the  world.  arctic  ice  is  melting,  sea  level  is  rising.  water  level  detection  is
__label__environmentmonitoring becoming  crucial  for  coastal  areas.  early  detection  and  forecasting  of  flood  is  the  domain  where  iot  solutions  helps  a  lot.  level  sensors  constitute  the  primary  end  points  from  which  water  level  data  starts  running  to  analytic  software.  in  general,  level  sensors  are  widely  used  in  numerous  fields  where  people  deal  with  liquid  substances.  a  fuel  gauge  in  your  car  uses  a  similar  level  sensor  as  a  huge  gas  tank  at  a  fueling  station  contains.  automatic  distribution  of  any  liquid  is  often  based  on  signals  of  two  sensors:  an  upper  level  sensor  and  a  bottom  level  one.  both  capacitive  and  optical
__label__environmentmonitoring working  principles  are  usually  used  in  level  sensors.  we  face  effects  of  a  level  sensor  several  times  a  day  visiting  our  toilets:  a  toilet  tank  stops  getting  water  when  its  floating  level  sensor  blocks  water  supply.  those  who  travel  a  lot  by  air  knows  well  that  unpleasant  feeling  when  your  ears  seem  full  of  cotton.  a  slight  decompression  in  a  cabin  creates  such  a  feeling.  it  means  that  the  air  pressure  in  an  aircraft  differs  from  our  natural  pressure  level  on  the  ground.  perhaps  pressure  sensors  work  a  little  bit  incorrectly  in  this  case.  since  pressure  as  a  physical  property
__label__environmentmonitoring belongs  to  both  gases  and  liquids,  a  list  of  domains  where  pressure  sensors  are  used  can  be  really  impressive.  both  household  and  industrial  applications  are  present  there.  automatic  pressure  control  relates  to  a  secure  operation  of  such  heating  equipment  as,  for  example,  boilers,  water  heaters,  and  radiators.  blood  pressure  sensors  are  integrated  in  numerous  smart  devices  for  medical  diagnosis.  the  tyre  pressure  indication  is  a  fancy  iot  feature  inherent  in  modern  smart  cars.  even  a  daily  weather  forecast  is  incomplete  without  barometric  pressure.  and  in  each  given  case  iot  pressure  sensors  are  engaged.  as  we  mentioned  in  the  beginning  of
__label__environmentmonitoring this  post,  some  types  of  sensors  have  quite  a  long  history.  motion  sensors  have  evolved  from  chinese  tubular  bells  to  sophisticated  digital  devices  operating  on  ultrasonic,  microwave,  photovoltaic,  and  infrared  working  principles.  security  alarm  systems  having  motion  detection  are  widely  used  in  museums,  warehouses,  dangerous  areas,  and  in  many  other  places  where  unauthorized  entry  is  prohibited.  iot  manufacturers  equip  both  industrial  and  household  lighting  systems  with  iot  motion  sensors  to  provide  an  automatic  noncontact  switching  on/off  the  light.  in  addition  to  a  positive  user  experience,  a  significant  energy  reduction  can  be  achieved  due  to  the  smart  lighting  based  on  motion
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors.  another  promising  domain  where  motion  detection  is  gaining  momentum  is  touchless  gesture  control  of  modern  gadgets.  fitness  trackers  are  capable  of  recognizing  whether  we  stay,  walk,  or  run.  after  getting  rid  of  a  3.5  jack  from  iphone  7,  both  apple  and  the  other  smartphone  manufacturers  started  eliminating  physical  control  buttons  one  by  one  from  their  devices.  the  day  will  soon  come  when  mobile  gadgets  become  total  screens  operated  by  our  facial  expressions.  motion  sensors  will  rule  then.  irrespective  of  types  of  iot  sensors,  any  end  point  is  where  the  iot  begins.  sensors  generate  primary  signals  that  reflect  one  or
__label__environmentmonitoring another  property  of  objects  where  sensors  are  installed.  no  sensors  no  data.  the  wider  variety  of  sensors  appears,  the  more  flexible  iot  development  is  provided.  we  greatly  appreciate  our  natural  sensors  eyes,  ears,  fingers  etc  being  afraid  of  losing  any  of  our  sensory  capabilities.  the  industrial  iot  sensors  described  above  constitute  just  a  tiny  part  of  all  available  datagenerating  devices.  nevertheless,  a  deep  expertise  even  in  a  given  brief  list  of  sensors  enables  any  iot  solution  provider  to  create  powerful  iiot  systems  for  a  broad  range  of  applications.  tags:  iot,  sensors,  iiot,  internet  of  things  signed  up  yet?  dev  is
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering,  faculty  of  science  and  technology,  universidade  nova  de  lisboa,  2829516  lisboa,  portugal;  j.p.;  p.a.d.c.s.  centro  de  tecnologas  biomdicas,  universidad  politcnica  de  madrid,  28223  madrid,  spain;  m.z.;  e.m.r.  centro  de  tecnologas  biomdicas,  universidad  politcnica  de  madrid,  28223  madrid,  spain;  m.z.;  e.m.r.  department  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering,  faculty  of  science  and  technology,  universidade  nova  de  lisboa,  2829516  lisboa,  portugal;  j.p.;  p.a.d.c.s.  department  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering,  faculty  of  science  and  technology,  universidade  nova  de  lisboa,  2829516  lisboa,  portugal;  j.p.;  p.a.d.c.s.  one  of  the  hottest  topics  being
__label__environmentmonitoring researched  in  the  field  of  iot  relates  to  making  connected  devices  smarter,  by  locally  computing  relevant  information  and  integrating  data  coming  from  other  sensors  through  a  local  network.  such  works  are  still  in  their  early  stages  either  by  lack  of  access  to  data  or,  on  the  other  hand,  by  the  lack  of  simple  test  cases  with  a  clear  added  value.  this  contribution  aims  at  shading  some  light  on  how  knowledge  can  be  obtained,  using  a  simple  use  case.  it  focuses  on  the  feasibility  of  having  a  home  refrigerator  performing  temperature  forecasts,  using  information  provided  by  both  internal  and  external  sensors.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  problem  is  reviewed  for  both  its  potential  applications  and  to  compare  the  use  of  different  algorithms,  from  simple  linear  correlations  to  arima  models.  we  analyse  the  precision  and  computational  cost  using  real  data  from  a  refrigerator.  results  indicate  that  small  average  errors,  down  to  0.09  c,  can  be  obtained.  lastly,  it  is  devised  how  can  the  scenario  be  improved,  and,  most  importantly,  how  this  work  can  be  extended  in  the  future.  the  introduction  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  paradigm  is  dramatically  transforming  the  philosophy  behind  the  design  and  operation  of  many  devices  ,  ,  .  these  devices  were
__label__environmentmonitoring once  isolated  elements,  which  could  only  rely  on  themselves  and  on  their  internal  resources;  now,  they  can  form  a  network  sharing  both  resources  and  information.  as  an  example,  just  a  few  years  ago,  if  one  device  needed  some  specific  information  about  the  environment,  the  only  possible  solution  entailed  including  the  corresponding  sensor  and  all  its  controlling  logic  within  the  device  itself.  this  implied  a  twofold  consequence:  the  additional  cost  associated  with  the  new  sensors,  and  the  fact  that  nonessential  information  was  seldom  gathered.  the  iot  radically  changed  this  state  of  affairs:  the  same  device  can  now  wirelessly  communicate  with  other
__label__environmentmonitoring devices,  and  receive  from  them  any  or  part  of  the  information  they  customarily  collect.  to  better  illustrate  the  significance  of  the  changes  introduced  by  this  paradigm,  let  us  focus  on  the  specific  example  of  measuring  and  forecasting  the  temperature  inside  a  building.  the  knowledge  of  the  present  and  future  indoor  temperature  has  many  potential  applications.  first  of  all,  on  a  meso  scale,  it  can  be  used  to  forecast  the  building  energy  consumption,  which  in  turn  can  result  in  a  more  efficient  energy  management  and  thus  in  a  reduction  of  its  environmental  impact  ,  .  information  coming  from  different  buildings  can
__label__environmentmonitoring then  be  aggregated  at  a  macro  scale,  to  forecast  the  energy  consumption  of  a  city  or  of  a  country  .  down  to  a  more  micro  scale,  individual  appliances  could  finally  use  this  information  to  optimise  their  internal  dynamics.  for  instance,  refrigerators  can  anticipate  changes  in  the  temperature  in  order  to  minimise  internal  variations;  or  participate  in  energy  markets  and  arbitrage,  and  combine  shortterm  environmental  forecasts  with  price  projections  to  reduce  operating  costs  .  additionally,  refrigerators  can  also  use  this  information  to  forecast  their  future  energy  needs,  and  drive  the  dynamics  of  a  connected  smart  grid  ,  .  in  the  preiot
__label__environmentmonitoring era,  this  would  have  required  the  installation  of  one  temperature  sensor  per  device;  additionally,  and  in  order  to  have  a  good  spatial  resolution,  the  centralised  system  controlling  the  building  heating  would  possibly  have  required  one  sensor  per  room.  this  would  have  been  both  expensive  and  inefficient,  as  one  room  may  end  up  containing  multiple  redundant  sensors.  iot  technology  allows  to  simplify  this  scenario,  by  enabling  devices  to  communicate  between  them.  the  temperature  recorded  by  the  refrigerator  for  its  own  use,  and  eventually  a  simple  forecast,  can  be  shared  with  other  appliances;  and  a  centralised  heating  system  may  use  this  information
__label__environmentmonitoring as  backup  for  its  own  sensor,  or  as  a  way  of  improving  the  spatial  resolution  of  the  information  ,  .  moreover,  indoor  temperature  can  be  compared  to  that  of  the  outdoor  sensors,  so  that  even  further  conclusions  can  be  made  and  more  efficiency  can  be  obtained  in  the  control  of  all  the  devices  included  in  an  automated  household.  while  being  packed  with  many  advantages,  this  distributed  scenario  also  presents  several  challenges.  while  recording  the  actual  room  temperature  is  a  simple  task,  making  a  forecast  entails  a  higher  cost,  both  in  terms  of  required  memory  and  computational  power.  any  solution  should
__label__environmentmonitoring thus  balance  the  scenario  requirements  and  the  limited  resources  available  inside  this  kind  of  devices.  secondly,  the  information  is  made  available  without  a  central  control,  implying  that  a  same  data  element  can  be  provided  by  multiple  devices.  any  consumer  of  such  data  should  then  be  able  to  integrate  different  sources;  and,  following  the  previous  example,  be  able  to  choose  among  the  many  sources  providing  a  forecast.  lastly,  the  distributed  nature  of  iot  requires  a  synchronisation  between  the  different  systems  that  belong  to  a  given  context.  this  issue  is  particularly  important,  as  data  need  to  still  be  relevant  at  the  moment
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  being  communicated  to  other  devices.  the  problem  of  using  machine  learning  for  predicting  the  indoor  temperatures  is  not  new  to  the  literature,  with  scenarios  ranging  from  individual  houses  ,  to  offices  and  buildings  ,  .  in  such  literature,  the  methods  vary  from  the  use  of  neural  networks  to  customarily  methods  and  formulas  to  predict  the  evolution  of  indoor  temperature  according  to  other  features  as  heat  waves  and  humidity.  despite  this,  less  attention  has  been  devoted  to  an  iot  context.  some  exceptions  are  ,  ,  ,  with  the  majority  of  the  research  works  found  in  an  iot  context  tending
__label__environmentmonitoring to  focus  on  how  energy  efficiency  can  be  achieved,  being  indoor  temperature  used  as  only  a  mean  instead  of  an  end.  not  only  that,  it  was  also  almost  impossible  to  find,  in  the  literature,  any  work  which  used  outdoor  temperature  to  predict  the  indoor  one.  the  sole  exception  was  where  the  control  was  simulated  using  fuzzy  logic  and  there  is  not  much  indications  as  to  what  was  used  for  the  actual  learning.  in  this  sense,  it  is  possible  to  conclude  that  there  is  a  gap  in  the  research  where  indoor  temperature  is  not  predicted  using  outdoor  temperature,  especially  considering  an
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  context.  such  prediction  can  be  particularly  useful  when  modelling  the  functioning  of  iot  devices  whose  behaviour  depend  on  the  variability  of  its  environment  temperature,  as  it  is  the  case  of  refrigerators.  this  prediction  ability  enables  iot  refrigerators  to  optimise  their  behaviour  using  the  information  regarding  its  surrounding  environment.  this  very  particular  gap  is,  therefore,  where  this  work  is  inserted  in.  in  this  contribution,  we  propose  a  first  feasibility  study  of  a  scenario  in  which  one  appliance  measures  the  environmental  temperature,  calculates  a  shortterm  forecast,  and  broadcast  such  information  to  other  devices.  for  this,  we  discuss  two  main  challenges.  firstly,
__label__environmentmonitoring while  many  models  have  been  proposed  for  predicting  the  meteorological  temperature,  much  less  attention  has  been  devoted  to  the  indoor  temperature,  as  the  one  that  can  be  recorded  in  a  building.  accordingly,  presents  and  explains  the  datasets  used  for  this  work,  while  presents  several  alternatives  for  temperature  forecasting,  drawn  from  statistics  and  statistical  physics,  which  are  compared  and  evaluated  in  .  secondly,  we  discuss  the  problem  of  the  computational  cost,  and  provide  a  comparison  of  each  method  in  .  to  validate  these  results,  we  use  a  data  set  representing  the  real  temperature  in  lisbon,  portugal,  both  environmental  and  indoor.  we
__label__environmentmonitoring finally  draw  some  conclusions  in  .  the  validation  of  the  models  that  will  be  described  in  relies  on  two  real  data  sets.  the  first  one  includes  the  evolution  of  the  indoor  temperature  recorded  by  the  internal  sensor  of  a  refrigerator  located  in  a  room  at  uninova,  lisbon,  portugal.  data  correspond  to  the  period  from  march  2017  to  july  2017,  with  nine  values  recorded  per  dayeach  one  of  them  representing  the  average  temperature  for  time  intervals  of  approx.  9600  s.  the  second  data  set  complements  this  information,  by  reporting  the  corresponding  outside  temperature  in  the  city  of  lisbon  more  specifically,  at
__label__environmentmonitoring the  airport  of  lisboa  portela,  as  obtained  from  the  website.  both  time  series  are  depicted  in  left.  the  801  observed  values  span  between  c  to  c  indoor  average  of  ,  standard  deviation  of  ,  and  between  c  and  c  average  of  ,  standard  deviation  of  outdoor.  additionally,  right  depicts  a  scatter  plot  representing  how  changes  in  the  indoor  temperature  follow  those  observed  outside.  denoting  the  temperature  recorded  at  time  t  as  ,  such  changes  are  calculated  as:  evolution  of  the  two  considered  time  series,  representing  the  indoor  red  line  and  outdoor  blue  temperature  in  lisbon,  portugal.  evolution  of  the  changes
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  outdoor  temperature,  as  a  function  of  the  indoor  onesee  main  text  for  definition.  the  absence  of  a  clear  trend  in  right  suggests  that  the  evolution  of  the  indoor  temperature  is  largely  independent  from  that  of  the  outside  one,  due  to  the  building  heating/air  conditioning  system.  from  the  point  of  view  of  this  work,  this  suggests  that  standard  temperature  forecast  models,  as  the  one  used  in  outdoor  weather  forecasting,  may  not  work  when  considering  indoor  temperature.  understanding  the  patterns  behind  the  evolution  of  temperature,  and,  hence,  its  prediction  over  more  or  less  long  periods  of  time,  is  a  problem
__label__environmentmonitoring whose  first  scientific  solution  attempts  date  back  to  the  beginning  of  the  20th  century  .  if  initial  solutions  were  based  on  the  construction  of  analytical  models  see  for  instance  ,  the  advent  of  machine  learning  enabled  the  development  of  prediction  systems  based  on  historical  data  as  opposed  to  expert  knowledge.  considered  algorithms  include  neural  networks  ,  ,  ,  support  vector  machines  or  consensus  forecasters  .  as  previously  discussed,  these  models  may  not  be  suitable  when  considering  the  evolution  of  the  indoor  temperature,  firstly  because  the  problem  is  inherently  different  i.e.,  the  system  to  be  modelled  is  the  heating/cooling  one,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring not  nature;  and  secondly,  because  of  the  limitations  associated  with  iot  devices,  especially  in  terms  of  computational  power.  to  solve  this  problem,  we  here  consider  and  describe  a  set  of  simple  models,  which  will  be  the  basis  to  perform  a  short  term  forecast.  in  the  remainder  of  this  section,  we  review  the  techniques  that  have  been  considered,  and  that  include:  linear  regression  models,  data  filtering  through  temperature  profile  similarities,  and  arima  models.  we  finally  review  two  naive  forecast  methods,  respectively  the  mean  of  the  day  and  the  last  recorded  value,  which  will  be  used  to  validate  the  models  performance.  for
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sake  of  clarity,  the  following  notation  will  be  used:  :  temperature  recorded  at  time  i  .  t  :  time  whose  temperature  is  to  be  forecast.  thus  represents  the  temperature  to  be  forecast,  and  the  moment  in  time  in  which  the  forecast  is  executed.  :  vector  of  temperature  values  between  time  a  and  b  inclusive.  as  a  first  and  basic  approach,  we  have  considered  the  possibility  that  past  and  future  temperature  data  may  be  related  by  a  simple  linear  relation.  as  nine  values  were  recorded  per  day,  and  one  may  expect  to  find  some  daily  periodicities  as,  for  example,  because
__label__environmentmonitoring the  heating  may  always  be  disconnected  at  night,  a  model  has  been  constructed  taking  into  account  vectors  of  9  historical  values.  mathematically,  this  maps  to  the  following  linear  model:  being  the  temperature  recorded  at  time  t  and  a  noise  term.  using  a  vector  notation,  this  translates  to  .  please  note  that  due  to  the  fact  that  9  temperature  values  are  available  per  day,  8  of  them  are  used  to  forecastthe  remainder  one  being  the  target  value.  therefore  the  elements  of  the  parameter  vector  encode  how  the  temperature  at  one  moment  in  time  depends  on  the  last  days  values  at  that
__label__environmentmonitoring same  time.  the  values  of  have  been  obtained  through  a  least  squares  fit,  in  each  case  using  the  information  corresponding  to  the  30  previous  days  as  training.  for  the  success  of  such  models,  it  is  key  that  the  noise  is  not  correlated  with  the  regressors.  the  previously  described  linear  model  can  be  improved  if  one  considers  the  structure  of  similarity  between  days.  specifically,  it  is  plausible  to  expect  some  days  to  share  similar  characteristics  in  this  case,  temperature  profiles,  for  instance  because  similar  activities  are  performed  in  the  building;  on  the  contrary,  other  day  pairs  may  be  completely  different.  to
__label__environmentmonitoring check  this  hypothesis,  top  reports  an  histogram  of  the  absolute  value  of  the  correlation  coefficient  between  pairs  of  daily  temperature  profiles.  the  flatness  of  the  distribution  confirms  that  very  different  situations  can  be  observed,  from  pairs  containing  almost  identical  to  completely  uncorrelated  days.  more  importantly,  and  of  relevance  for  the  present  work,  this  result  suggests  that  several  days  may  be  eliminated  from  the  training  set,  as  they  are  not  correlated  with  the  target  one  and  are  only  introducing  noise  into  the  model.  in  other  words,  the  30  days  used  to  train  the  linear  model  of  equation  could  firstly  be  analysed
__label__environmentmonitoring and  organised  in  groups;  afterwards,  only  those  days  belonging  to  the  same  group  as  the  target  one  and  thus  presenting  a  high  similarity  with  it  are  used  to  train  the  model.  the  reduction  in  the  quantity  of  noise  introduced  in  the  training  should  then  result  in  a  more  effective  modelan  approach  known  as  feature  selection  in  machine  learning  .  identification  of  correlation  patterns  in  temperature  data.  histogram  of  the  absolute  correlation  between  all  pairs  of  daily  temperature  profiles.  correlation  matrix  between  all  pairs  of  daily  temperature  profiles  i.e.,  the  nodes  of  the  network.  please  note  that  nodes  days  are  sorted
__label__environmentmonitoring in  order  to  highlight  the  community  structure.  average  correlation  within  and  between  communities.  to  define  such  groups  of  days,  a  complex  network  approach  has  been  implemented  .  a  functional  network  has  been  reconstructed  for  each  value  to  be  forecast,  with  nodes  representing  sets  of  8  consecutive  historical  values  thus,  the  days  to  be  analysed,  and  links  between  pairs  of  them  the  degree  of  correlation  between  the  corresponding  values.  please  note  that  only  8  values  are  considered  because  the  target  temperature  value  is  not  known;  thus,  the  vectors  associated  with  nodes,  which  should  also  be  composed  of  8  values,  correspond  to
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  ,  and  so  forth.  afterwards,  the  absolute  value  of  the  pearsons  linear  correlation  coefficient  between  each  pair  of  vectors  has  been  calculated,  and  stored  in  a  matrix  of  size  being  29  the  number  of  vectors  considered,  and  the  element  the  correlation  between  vectors  i  and  j  .  please  note  that  is  called  the  adjacency  matrix  of  the  corresponding  network  .  bottom  left  depicts  an  example  of  such  adjacency  matrix,  where  dark  blue  respectively,  light  blue  shades  indicate  strong  weak  correlations.  thanks  to  the  way  nodes  are  sorted,  it  is  possible  to  appreciate  the  existence  of  communities,  or  strongly  connected
__label__environmentmonitoring groups,  which  correspond  to  the  blue  squares  located  along  the  main  diagonal.  subsequently,  nodes  thus,  vectors  of  historical  temperatures  have  been  divided  in  homogeneous  groups  by  applying  a  community  detection  algorithm  .  this  family  of  algorithms  tries  to  identify  two  or  more  subclusters  maximising  the  modularity  ,  i.e.,  reaching  a  situation  in  which  strong  connections  appear  between  the  nodes  within  a  same  module  and  weak  connections  only  between  nodes  of  different  modules.  we  have  specifically  used  the  python  implementation  of  the  louvain  algorithm  ,  usually  considered  one  of  the  most  reliable  and  easily  scalable.  bottom  represents  the  resulting  adjacency  matrix,
__label__environmentmonitoring in  which  the  original  29  nodes  have  been  grouped  into  three.  in  this  case,  the  element  of  the  adjacency  matrix  represents  the  average  absolute  correlation  between  the  elements  composing  the  community  i  and  those  composing  the  community  j  .  it  has  to  be  noted  that  the  reconstructed  community  structure  is  meaningful  only  when  the  average  correlation  within  one  community  is  always  higher  than  that  with  other  communitiesi.e.,  .  while  this  is  indeed  the  case  in  bottom  right,  we  checked  this  condition  for  all  networks  through  a  pairwise  t  test  also  known  as  students  t  test,  testing  the  hypothesis  that  the
__label__environmentmonitoring correlations  between  the  nodes  belonging  to  a  same  community  and  those  belonging  to  different  ones  come  from  two  distributions  of  equal  average.  the  resulting  p  values  oscillate  between  and  ,  with  a  of  them  being  below  the  threshold  of  ,  thus  confirming  the  relevance  of  the  obtained  communities.  as  a  final  step,  a  linear  model  has  been  trained,  as  described  in  ,  only  using  information  of  those  days  that  were  classified  as  belonging  to  the  same  community  as  the  day  to  be  forecast.  many  forecasting  methods,  such  as  regressions,  rely  on  the  assumption  that  the  time  series  being  forecast  are
__label__environmentmonitoring stationarya  situation  seldom  encountered  in  realworld  problems.  when  this  condition  is  not  fulfilled,  but  the  time  series  can  still  be  made  stationary  through  differencing,  the  most  general  solution  entails  the  use  of  an  autoregressive  integrated  moving  average  arima  model.  such  class  of  models,  widely  used  in  econometrics,  are  usually  denoted  by  the  notation  arima  ,  where  p  is  the  order  of  the  autoregressive  part,  d  is  the  order  of  the  differencing  part,  and  q  is  the  order  of  the  movingaverage  part.  given  a  time  series  ,  the  arima  model  is  defined  as:  b  being  the  backshift  or  lag  operator,  defined
__label__environmentmonitoring as  .  additionally,  and  respectively  represent  the  parameters  of  the  autoregressive  and  moving  average  part  of  the  model;  the  average,  or  drift,  of  the  time  series;  and  error  terms.  in  the  sake  of  synthesis,  the  arima  model  can  also  be  expressed  through  operators  as:  being  the  autoregressive  operator,  defined  as  ;  and  the  moving  average  operator.  before  training  the  model  with  historical  information,  it  is  necessary  to  define  the  value  of  the  parameters  p  ,  d  and  q  .  usually  this  is  done  by  observing  the  time  series,  and  by  calculating  the  maximum  of  functions  like  the  partial  autocorrelation  function
__label__environmentmonitoring pacf.  this  ensures  that  the  chosen  parameters  are  optimal  or  close  to  optimal  for  the  time  series  under  analysis.  nevertheless,  it  has  to  be  noted  that  the  limitations  in  computational  power  of  the  iot  devices,  where  such  computations  ought  to  be  executed,  prevent  such  optimal  solution.  as  an  alternative,  we  here  consider  a  suboptimal  approximation  in  which  a  single  set  of  parameters  is  calculated  a  priori  ,  using  reference  historical  data.  specifically,  all  possible  parameter  values  have  been  tested,  between  zero  and  nine,  and  the  set  yielding  the  lowest  error  retained.  please  note  that  the  top  has  been  set  to
__label__environmentmonitoring nine  for  being  the  number  of  values  describing  the  temperature  vector  of  one  day,  and  thus  being  the  lag  corresponding  to  the  maximum  expected  autocorrelation.  a  different  approach  one  can  take  when  it  comes  to  time  series  forecasting  is  that  of  filters.  well  known  in  the  engineering  world,  filters  are  commonly  used  to  remove  spurious  components  such  as  noise  or  vibration,  depending  on  the  case  study.  one  of  the  most  used  filters  in  the  field  of  time  series  analysis  is  the  kalman  filter  .  such  filter  has  proven  to  be  useful  in  almost  every  situation  where  there  is  uncertain  information
__label__environmentmonitoring about  a  systems  dynamics,  and  an  educated  guess  the  filters  response  is  required  about  the  systems  next  state.  its  advantages  include  the  ability  to  extract  accurate  estimations  from  noisy  time  series  and  its  simple  implementation.  on  the  other  hand,  the  usage  of  this  type  of  filter  is  gaining  momentum  in  iot  contexts,  as  it  requires  virtually  no  memory  to  performall  the  past  dynamics  is  synthesized  within  the  filter  state  .  the  kalman  filter  depends  on  two  tuning  parameters:  the  measurement  noise  covariance,  r  and  the  process  noise  covariance  q  ,  which  basically  relate  to  how  much  does  the  measurement  and
__label__environmentmonitoring process  change,  respectively.  on  the  other  hand,  and  considering  a  time  series  ,  the  implementation  of  this  filter  depends  on  five  different  sets  of  variables,  namely:  the  a  posteriori  estimate  of  x  ;  p  the  a  posteriori  error  estimate;  the  a  priori  estimate  of  x  ;  the  a  priori  error  estimate;  k  the  gain  or  blending  factor,  which  tends  to  minimize  p  ;  denoting  by  the  time  series  under  analysis,  the  aforementioned  sets  relate  to  each  other  in  the  following  manners:  following  this  implementation,  in  order  to  obtain  the  filters  result  at  any  given  time  point  i  ,  and  hence
__label__environmentmonitoring the  prediction  of  the  time  series  x  at  time  i  ,  one  simply  queries  .  please  note  that  the  result  of  the  filter  is  equivalent  to  consider  that  the  time  series  under  analysis  is  oscillating  around  a  true  value,  which  we  can  only  observe  in  a  noisy  way.  thus  represent  such  hidden  average  value,  supposing  the  stationarity  of  the  time  series.  if  the  previously  described  models  are  expected  to  yield  good  predictions  of  the  future  temperature,  it  is  still  necessary  to  validate  them,  i.e.,  demonstrating  that  the  forecast  is  above  random  chances,  and  comparing  the  relative  gain  in  information  by
__label__environmentmonitoring them  provided.  to  obtain  a  baseline,  two  validation  models  are  here  considered:  last  temperature  value:  the  last  recorded  value  is  used  as  the  future  prediction,  i.e.,  the  temperature  is  supposed  to  be  constant.  is  thus  assumed  equal  to  .  please  note  that  this  would  be  the  default  information  used  by  a  device  without  forecasting  capabilities.  average  daily  temperature:  the  expected  future  temperature  is  assumed  to  be  the  average  of  the  period  to  which  it  belongs  to.  in  other  words,  .  by  comparing  the  model  predictions  with  these  ones,  it  is  possible  to  assess  the  increment  in  the  forecast  precision,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring compare  this  with  the  increase  in  the  computational  cost.  once  the  six  methods  for  forecasting  the  ambient  temperature  in  iot  devices  have  been  defined  including  the  two  validation  models,  this  section  focuses  on  their  validation  by  analysing  the  results  they  yield  for  the  two  data  sets  presented  in  .  to  assess  and  compare  the  error  of  each  method,  we  used  the  mean  squared  error  metric,  defined  as:  n  being  the  data  set  size,  the  observed  real  temperature  at  time  i  ,  and  the  predicted  value.  is,  therefore,  a  risk  function  that  allows  to  understand  how  accurate  a  predictor  is.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring higher  the  value  of  the  ,  the  worst  the  predictor.  additionally,  the  expected  average  error  of  each  model  can  be  approximated  as  .  in  what  follows,  results  are  organised  in  four  parts.  firstly,  we  discuss  the  results  obtained  from  the  application  of  the  models  to  the  data  that  originated  from  the  refrigerator  ,  for  then  presenting  similar  results  for  the  temperatures  in  lisbon  .  afterwards,  both  approaches  are  combined  in  ,  and  their  computational  cost  analysed  in  .  as  a  first  step,  it  is  necessary  to  optimise  the  parameters  of  the  arima  model  to  minimise  its  error  in  the  prediction.
__label__environmentmonitoring as  discussed  in  ,  multiple  arima  models  were  generated  and  applied  to  the  data,  in  order  to  find  the  most  suitable  values  for  the  parameters  p  ,  d  and  q  .  the  graph  shown  in  presents  the  results  from  this  initial  study,  by  depicting  the  obtained  for  each  set  of  parameters.  please  note  that  only  those  models  that  behave  better  than  the  validation  models  are  shown,  and  the  best  and  the  worst  of  them  are  highlighted  in  green  and  red,  respectively.  two  conclusions  can  be  drawn.  firstly,  that  the  sensitivity  of  the  model  to  these  parameters  is  fairly  low,  as
__label__environmentmonitoring the  best  and  worst  parametrizations  yield  a  of  respectively  and  .  secondly,  the  best  results  are  obtained  for  high  values  of  the  autoregressive  order  p  ,  combined  with  an  integration  order  d  of  one.  comparison  between  different  parametrisations  of  the  arima  model,  in  terms  of  the  of  the  forecast,  when  applied  to  the  refrigerators  data  set.  the  red  and  green  bars  respectively  indicate  the  worst  and  best  set  of  parameters.  additionally,  the  two  vertical  lines  represent  the  values  yielded  by  the  two  validation  methods,  i.e.,  the  last  and  average  temperature.  once  the  best  arima  parametrization  was  established,  specifically  the  one,
__label__environmentmonitoring we  compared  the  six  forecasting  methods  previously  described.  using  the  same  approach  of  ,  in  left  we  report  the  obtained  by  each  model.  as  opposed  to  what  observed  in  ,  the  gap  between  the  best  and  the  worst  model  is  larger  than  just  a  few  decimals.  results  span  from  of  the  basic  linear  model,  to  the  of  the  linear  model  with  the  networkbased  feature  selection.  this  compares  to  the  and  obtained  by  the  two  validation  models,  i.e.,  the  daily  average  and  the  last  temperature  value,  respectively.  additionally,  right  reports  the  evolution  of  the  as  a  function  of  the  number  of
__label__environmentmonitoring days  used  for  the  training  of  the  linear  model.  it  can  be  appreciated  that  30  is  a  conservative  value,  and  that  similar  performances  can  be  obtained  for  as  low  as  19  days.  error,  measures  as  ,  obtained  by  the  six  considered  forecasting  methods,  when  applied  to  the  refrigerators  temperature  data  set.  the  red  and  green  bars  respectively  indicate  the  worst  and  best  prediction  models.  evolution  of  the  ,  as  obtained  by  the  linear  model,  as  a  function  of  the  number  of  days  used  in  the  training.  as  previously  introduced,  all  analyses  shown  for  the  evolution  of  the  indoor  temperature  have
__label__environmentmonitoring been  repeated  for  the  time  series  corresponding  to  the  city  of  lisbons  outside  temperature.  consequently,  and  are  constructed  in  the  same  way,  and  represent  the  same  information  as  and  .  comparison  between  different  parametrisations  of  the  arima  model,  in  terms  of  the  of  the  forecast,  when  applied  to  the  lisbons  temperature  data  set.  the  red  and  green  bars  respectively  indicate  the  worst  and  best  set  of  parameters.  error,  measured  as  ,  obtained  by  the  six  considered  forecasting  methods,  when  applied  to  the  lisbons  temperature  data  set.  the  red  and  green  bars  respectively  indicate  the  worst  and  best  prediction  models.  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  optimisation  of  the  arima  parameters,  depicted  in  ,  one  can  note  that  similar  results  are  obtained,  with  lowest  prediction  scores  associated  with  high  values  of  the  autoregressive  order  p  .  the  main  difference  resides  in  the  scale  of  the  error:  while,  in  the  case  of  the  refrigerator  temperature,  all  models  scored  below  ,  when  predicting  lisbons  temperature  the  range  increases  to  28  .  this  suggests  that  forecasting  the  ambient  temperature  is  a  more  complex  task  than  predicting  the  indoor  onea  topic  that  will  be  discussed  in  .  when  comparing  all  models,  including  the  arima  with  parameters  ,  the  ranking
__label__environmentmonitoring of  models  is  similar  to  the  one  previously  obtainedsee  .  it  has  nevertheless  to  be  noted  that,  as  opposed  to  the  refrigerators  example,  when  predicting  lisbons  temperature  the  three  models  arima,  and  linear  with/out  communities  behave  much  better  than  the  validation  ones  being  the  exception  the  kalman  filter,  which  scored  similarly  to  one  of  the  validation  models,  with  a  reduction  of  the  error  of  almost  14  orders  of  magnitude  between  the  average  and  the  linear  model.  as  previously  discussed,  the  cornerstone  of  the  iot  paradigm  is  the  possibility  of  sharing  information  among  different  devices,  thus  enabling  the  integration  of  different
__label__environmentmonitoring perceptions  on  the  environment  in  which  they  are  located.  in  the  context  here  considered,  one  can  envision  a  scenario  in  which  the  refrigerator  is  connected  to  internal  and  external  devices  and  receives  from  them  additional  information.  such  information  could  then  be  combined  with  the  internal  one,  in  order  to  construct  a  more  complex  forecasting  model.  in  other  words,  thanks  to  the  iot  paradigm,  the  refrigerator  would  be  able  to  sense  the  world  beyond  its  more  immediate  neighbourhood.  to  simulate  such  scenario,  we  here  consider  the  following  extension  of  the  linear  model  presented  in  :  being  the  external  temperature  recorded  at
__label__environmentmonitoring time  t  ;  a  binomial  variable  whose  value  is  one  if  it  is  raining  at  time  t  and  zero  otherwise;  and  a  second  variable  whose  value  is  one  if  t  is  bank  holiday.  please  note  that  the  first  new  term  represents  the  evolution  mathematically,  the  discrete  derivative  of  the  external  temperature;  the  second  additional  information  about  the  external  environment,  also  obtained  through  ;  and  the  last  one  information  about  the  usage  of  the  building.  the  model  is  then  able  to  include  information  about  the  external  dynamics,  and  adapt  its  forecast  in  cases  of  strong  external  perturbations,  e.g.,  rapid  temperature  drops,
__label__environmentmonitoring reduced  activity  in  the  building,  and  so  forth.  when  the  model  of  equation  is  trained  and  compared  with  the  original  linear  model,  the  effect  is  a  modest  reduction  in  the  forecast  error,  from  to  .  while  in  this  case  the  improvement  is  of  only  a  ,  it  is  enough  to  shed  light  on  the  potential  usefulness  of  an  ecosystem  of  interconnected  devices.  as  a  last  issue,  the  previous  results  must  be  complemented  with  an  analysis  of  the  computational  cost  of  each  forecasting  model,  as,  due  to  the  limited  power  available  in  most  iot  devices,  a  compromise  between  precision  and  requirements
__label__environmentmonitoring may  be  needed.  consequently,  reports  the  time  required  both  for  training  grey  bars  and  applying  blue  bars  each  algorithm,  as  calculated  in  a  5th  generation  intel  core  i75500u  cpu  and  implemented  in  python  3.6.  please  note  that  here  we  are  only  interested  in  the  relative  magnitude  of  the  computational  cost,  and  not  in  the  exact  valuewhich  would  strongly  depend  on  the  onboard  hardware  and  software.  also  note  that,  in  the  case  of  the  arima  model,  the  cost  of  optimising  the  models  parameters  has  not  been  consideredwe  thus  suppose  that  an  optimal  model  has  already  been  chosen,  and  that  it  does
__label__environmentmonitoring not  change  with  time.  time,  in  seconds,  each  method  took  to  be  trained  grey  bars  and  forecasting  blue  bars  for  the  refrigerator  data  set.  the  only  green  bar  refers  to  the  arduino  uno  forecasting  tests  performance.  the  values  refer  to  a  total  of  100  consecutive  executions  of  the  same  operation.  it  can  be  appreciated  that  results  are  very  heterogeneous,  with  the  arima  models  cost  being  one  and  three  orders  of  magnitude  higher  than  that  of  the  linear  respectively,  with  and  without  communities  models.  when  considering  that  the  simplest  linear  model  was  also  the  most  precise  and  ,  it  is  easy
__label__environmentmonitoring to  conclude  that  it  should  be  the  method  of  choice  for  the  described  scenario.  if  storing  information  about  the  last  30  days  may  suppose  a  memory  problem,  right  suggests  that  this  can  be  mitigated  by  reducing  the  size  of  the  training  data  set,  and  still  get  acceptable  prediction  errors.  it  is  finally  worth  noting  that  the  training  cost  can  be  avoided  by  supposing  that  the  forecast  model  is  constant  a  condition  which  holds,  provided  the  indoor  heating/cooling  logic  is  not  changed.  the  parameters  of  the  model  can  then  be  passed  to  the  refrigerator  by  an  external  system;  or  alternatively,  be
__label__environmentmonitoring calculated  by  the  refrigerator  itself  with  a  low  frequency,  e.g.,  once  per  week  or  per  month.  as  an  iot  application  will  seldom  be  constructed  upon  a  laptop  hardware,  one  last  question  is  related  to  how  the  figures  presented  in  translate  to  a  real  application.  to  compare,  a  firstgeneration  raspberry  pi  hardware,  one  of  the  most  commonly  used  platforms  for  testing  iot  concepts,  yields  a  computational  power  of  gflops,  roughly  of  that  of  an  i75500u  cpu  per  core.  supposing  a  conservative  estimation  of  a  slowdown,  this  still  implies  that  a  prediction  with  the  linear  model  can  be  executed  in  less  than
__label__environmentmonitoring s  in  a  raspberry  pi,  still  enough  to  support  any  application.  on  the  other  hand,  considering  many  of  presentday  iot  devices  are  embedded  with  8bit  devices,  as  it  is  the  case  of  the  arduino,  the  algorithm  that  presented  best  results  linear  was  also  uploaded  to  an  arduino  uno  to  understand  how  it  behaved,  computationally  speaking.  this  cannot  be  referenced  without  noting  that,  in  such  devices,  the  algorithm  should  not  be  trained  inloco,  but,  rather,  trained  on  a  different  machine  and  then  uploaded  to  the  device  where  it  will  perform.  in  fact,  it  was  impossible,  with  the  limited  memory  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring specific  arduino  model  that  was  used,  to  train  the  model.  that  being  said,  the  linear  algorithm  coefficients  were  calculated  and  the  model  built  upon  those  in  the  arduino  uno.  then,  the  same  method  for  calculating  the  forecasting  performance  running  100  consecutive  executions  was  executed  on  the  device  and  the  elapsed  time  calculated  this  result  can  be  seen  in  the  green  bar  on  the  linear  index.  as  it  can  be  observed  in  the  aforementioned  figure,  the  arduino  uno  performs  quite  well  on  forecasting  values  using  the  provided  model.  in  fact  it  is  even  faster  than  the  cpu  used  for  this  work.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  is  influenced,  of  course,  by  the  fact  that,  in  the  arduino,  the  model  is  nothing  more  than  simple  algebra,  calculated  directly  by  the  processor  of  the  device  whereas,  in  the  cpu,  a  whole  software  stack  must  be  considered,  all  the  way  from  the  programming  language  to  the  operating  system.  yet  other  metrics  worth  noting  are  the  fact  that  the  simple  arduino  program  occupied  no  more  than  190  bytes  of  dynamic  memory  of  a  total  of  2048  bytes  available.  regarding  program  storage  space,  it  occupied  1690  bytes  of  a  maximum  of  32,256  bytes  available,  as  provided  by  the  arduino  ide.
__label__environmentmonitoring additionally,  iot  hardware  has  seen  an  important  improvement  in  the  last  few  years,  being  easily  possible  to  reduce  this  time  by  one  order  of  magnitude  .  we  can  therefore  conclude  that  the  computational  cost  will  not  be  a  major  issue  in  the  application  here  presented.  in  this  work  we  have  discussed  the  feasibility  of  an  iot  scenario  composed  of  an  home  appliance  specifically,  a  refrigerator  integrating  information  from  own  and  external  sensors,  and  performing  a  forecast  on  the  ambient  temperature.  several  forecast  models  have  been  compared,  both  in  terms  of  their  precision  and  computational  cost.  from  a  global  point  of
__label__environmentmonitoring view,  results  indicate  that  such  scenario  is  technically  feasible,  and  that  the  refrigerator  could  use  models  to  integrate  information  and  generate  shortterm  temperature  forecasts  without  the  need  for  specific  hardware.  while  the  computational  cost  has  been  calculated  in  a  standard  computer,  it  is  nevertheless  small  enough  to  not  pose  a  problemeven  supposing  a  reduction  in  the  computational  speed  of  three  order  the  magnitudes,  the  time  required  for  a  prediction  is  still  of  the  order  to  a  second.  also,  it  is  worth  noting  that  the  performance  of  the  best  algorithm  is  remarkable,  being  able  to  predict  the  temperature  within  a  temporal
__label__environmentmonitoring horizon  of  2  and  half  hours  with  an  error  of  0.09  c.  from  a  more  specific  perspective,  several  conclusions  can  be  drawn,  which  we  discuss  below.  first  of  all,  the  scenario  here  described  should  be  understood  beyond  the  specific  problem  of  forecasting  the  temperature  inside  a  building.  it  is  instead  representative  of  the  general  problem  of  integrating  and  processing  information  in  an  iot  environment,  with  the  limitations  e.g.,  computational  power,  memory,  or  bandwidth  typical  of  iot  devices.  the  specific  data  mining  task,  i.e.,  forecasting  the  temperature,  is  also  archetypical  of  an  iot  application:  a  prima  facie  simple  problem,  whose  solution
__label__environmentmonitoring can  open  novel  applications,  including,  in  this  case,  the  participation  in  energy  markets  and  arbitrage.  secondly,  the  problem  of  the  shortterm  temperature  forecasting  is  an  interesting  one.  the  most  simple  model,  just  including  a  weighted  linear  combination  of  past  data,  is  able  to  outperform  more  complex  approaches,  including  feature  selection  strategies  or  arima  models.  when  compared  with  the  average  daily  temperature,  as  would  be  calculated  by  a  nonintelligent  device,  this  model  is  able  to  reduce  the  error  by  two  third.  additionally,  the  when  forecasting  the  indoor  temperature  resulted  substantially  lower  than  the  one  for  the  outdoor  temperature.  this  seems  to
__label__environmentmonitoring suggest  that  the  dynamics  of  the  cooling/heating  system  of  a  building  is  more  simple,  or  at  least  more  predictable,  than  that  of  nature.  when  these  results  are  combined,  one  can  conclude  that  this  specific  data  mining  task  is  especially  suitable  to  be  prototyped  in  an  iot  environment.  digging  deeper  in  the  iot  paradigm,  we  have  studied  the  possibility  of  merging  information  from  several  sources;  in  this  case,  we  supposed  the  refrigerator  was  also  getting  information  about  the  external  weather  and  the  building  usage  from  external  devices.  due  to  the  way  the  temperature  is  recorded  and  processed,  i.e.,  just  nine  values
__label__environmentmonitoring per  day,  the  improvement  associated  with  the  use  of  the  external  temperature  has  been  marginalthe  time  between  subsequent  measurements  is  probably  too  large  to  describe  sudden  changes  in  the  external  environment.  also,  the  discrimination  between  working  days  and  holidays  yielded  minimal  improvementsas  the  heating/cooling  of  the  building  is  kept  constant  throughout  the  year.  despite  this,  this  study  reveals  that  several  improvements  can  be  foreseen.  first  of  all,  one  can  consider  increasing  the  temporal  resolution  of  both  external  and  internal  temperature  measurements,  which  may  possibly  increase  the  forecasting  capabilities  of  the  system.  please  note  that  such  resolution  is  not  arbitrary,  but
__label__environmentmonitoring instead  a  constrain  of  the  specific  hardware  considered,  and  cannot  at  present  be  changed  by  the  user.  secondly,  it  is  possible  to  foresee  a  scenario  in  which  the  external  device  forecasts  the  future  external  temperature,  using  one  of  the  tailored  available  algorithms  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  for  then  transmitting  this  information  to  the  refrigerator.  in  principle,  this  would  allow  to  obtain  a  more  precise  indoor  forecast,  as  it  would  include  the  expected  future  as  opposed  to  past  variation  in  the  external  temperature.  p.l.m.,  p.a.d.c.s.  and  j.p.  conceived  the  idea.  p.l.m.  performed  the  data  recollection  and  analysis.  m.z.,  e.m.r.,  j.p.
__label__environmentmonitoring and  p.a.d.c.s.  supervised  the  project  and  contributed  to  the  interpretation  of  results.  all  authors  wrote  and  reviewed  the  manuscript.  this  work  has  been  funded  by  fctfundao  para  a  cincia  e  a  tecnologia  under  the  framework  of  the  research  unit  ctscentro  de  tecnologia  e  sistemas,  with  reference  uid/eea/00066/2013.  the  authors  declare  no  conflicts  of  interest.
__label__environmentmonitoring jun  20,  2019  4:56:09  pm  /  by  more  iot  analytics  is  a  new  and  challenging  field.  it  takes  in  huge  volumes  of  heterogeneous  data  from  iot  devices,  with  the  objective  of  processing,  storing,  and  extracting  business  value  from  them.  this  requires  a  combination  of  tools,  from  data  lakes  to  stream  processing  frameworks  and  analytics  tools.  this  article  will  help  you  understand  how  iot  analytics  is  used  in  different  industries,  what  are  the  key  challenges  involved  in  extracting  value  from  iot  data,  and  how  to  solve  them  with  a  state  of  the  art  iot  analytics  infrastructure.  the  objective  of  iot  analytics
__label__environmentmonitoring is  to  gain  value  from  large  volumes  of  data  generated  by  devices  connected  via  the  internet  of  things  iot.  iot  analytics  is  typically  connected  to  the  industrial  iot  iiot.  organizations  use  iiot  to  collect  and  analyze  data  from  pipelines,  weather  stations,  sensors  on  manufacturing  equipment,  smart  meters,  delivery  trucks,  and  other  machinery.  iot  analytics  is  also  used  in  retail,  data  center  management,  healthcare.  iot  data  is  a  subset  of  big  data,  and  is  constantly  growing  in  volume,  variety  and  velocity  the  3vs  model.  it  consists  of  heterogeneous  streams  that  need  to  be  transformed  and  combined  to  produce  current,  comprehensive  and
__label__environmentmonitoring accurate  information  for  business  analysis  and  reporting.  many  iot  devices  were  not  developed  for  compatibility  with  other  iot  devices  and  systems.  iot  data  integration  is  thus  complex,  as  is  the  analytics  that  relies  on  it.  focuses  on  whats  happening,  by  monitoring  the  status  of  iot  devices,  machines,  products  and  assets.  determines  if  things  are  going  as  planned,  and  notifies  if  anomalies  occur.  descriptive  analytics  is  generally  implemented  as  dashboards  that  show  current  and  historical  sensor  data,  key  performance  indicators  kpis,  statistics  and  alerts.  addresses  questions  such  as:  answers  the  question:  why  is  something  happening?  analyzes  iot  data  to  identify  core
__label__environmentmonitoring problems  and  to  fix  or  improve  a  service,  product  or  process.  diagnostic  capabilities  are  typically  extensions  to  dashboards  that  permit  users  to  drill  into  data,  compare  it,  and  visualize  correlations  and  trends  in  an  adhoc  manner.  many  organizations  employ  domain  experts  knowledgeable  about  a  specific  process,  machine,  device  or  product,  rather  than  data  scientists,  to  perform  diagnostics  on  data.  addresses  questions  such  as:  raises  the  question:  what  will  happen?  assesses  the  likelihood  that  something  will  happen  within  a  specific  timeframe,  according  to  historical  data.  the  aim  is  to  proactively  take  corrective  action  before  an  undesired  outcome  occurs,  to  mitigate  risk,
__label__environmentmonitoring or  to  isolate  opportunities.  typically  implemented  via  machine  learning  models  that  are  trained  with  historical  data,  and  stationed  on  the  cloud  so  that  they  can  be  accessed  by  enduser  applications.  addresses  questions  such  as:  poses  the  question:  what  action  should  i  take?  suggests  actions  based  on  the  result  of  a  prediction  or  diagnosis,  or  provides  some  visibility  to  the  rationale  behind  a  prediction  or  diagnostic.  recommendations  tend  to  be  about  how  to  optimize  or  fix  something.  addresses  questions  such  as:  iot  analytics  can  help  optimize  marketing  and  sales  for  companies  selling  large  quantities  of  physical  items:  manufacturers  in  industries  including
__label__environmentmonitoring automotive,  electronics,  durable  goods,  and  chemicals,  have  invested  in  iot  analytics  to  improve  production  efficiency.  they  use  manufacturing  equipment  with  intelligent  sensors  to  help  with  smart  manufacturing.  this  aids  in  cost  containment  and  revenue  generation,  for  example,  by  saving  on  energy  costs.  the  development  of  health  apps  and  connected  medical  devices  has  lead  to  patientcentered  analytics.  the  apps  or  devices  are  programmed  to  automatically  provide  alerts  and  initiate  a  response  from  a  healthcare  professional  when  a  health  problem  is  detected.  for  example,  an  inhaler  with  sensors  to  monitor  environmental  conditions  that  can  affect  asthmatic  patients.  sensors  are  now  embedded  in
__label__environmentmonitoring diagnostic  equipment,  personal  health  and  fitness  equipment,  surgical  robots,  drug  dispensing  systems,  and  implantable  devices.  these  sensors  enable  realtime  monitoring  of  patients,  and  also  monitoring  equipment  to  minimize  downtime  and  avoid  failures.  iot  analytics  can  be  applied  to  a  predictive  maintenance  model,  where  sensors  keep  track  of  the  condition  of  infrastructure  and  equipment.  for  example,  sensors  embedded  in  roads  or  train  tracks  can  relay  ultrasonic  and  vibrational  data  in  real  time,  allowing  maintenance  teams  to  repair  vulnerable  sections  of  the  road  or  track  before  they  are  damaged.  one  way  to  view  iot  analytics  challenges  is  to  consider  a  possible  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring deployment.  lets  take  the  following  scenario.  a  huge  industrial  food  storage  warehouse  and  distribution  center  uses  internetconnected  devices  to  maintain  the  temperature  of  specific  zones,  such  as  a  refrigeration  area  for  items  that  need  ongoing,  nonfreezing  cooling,  and  a  freezer  area  for  items  that  need  to  be  consistently  frozen.  the  total  amount  of  data  being  collected  may  be  so  large  that  it  may  not  be  possible  to  move  it  over  the  network  to  a  central  location.  take,  for  example,  a  single  outside  temperature  sensor  in  the  warehouse.  to  fulfill  its  role  it  transmits  data,  including  temperature,  humidity,  battery  level,  software
__label__environmentmonitoring versions,  hardware  versions,  and  motion/position  changes.  sensors  could  transmit  this  information  every  30  seconds,  and  there  could  be  several  hundred  of  these  sensors  across  the  warehouse.  this  may  be  only  one  of  dozens  of  sensor  types.  it  is  essential  for  connected  devices  to  work  together  for  most  iot  use  cases,  but  this  approach  raises  security  issues.  the  overall  security  profile  is  only  as  effective  as  the  weakest  device.  if  the  security  on  a  specific  vendors  outdoor  sensor  is  weak,  and  the  sensor  is  connected  to  other  devices,  the  likelihood  of  indirect  critical  impact  is  high.  attackers  can  compromise  the  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring and  modify  its  data  or  exploit  the  connection  to  other  devices  to  cause  damage.  for  example,  a  breached  sensor  could  provide  the  system  with  an  incorrect  outdoor  temperature  reading  to  the  system.  the  system  could  adjust  a  zone  temperature  in  a  way  that  destroys  the  food  in  that  area.  these  are  devices  or  sensors  that  go  bad  and  begin  sending  false  readings  to  the  system.  for  example,  a  low  battery,  a  software  bug,  or  a  hardware  failure,  could  cause  such  readings.  this  could  ruin  the  inventory  of  the  warehouse.  iot  analytics  requires  three  key  components  to  operate:  storage,  stream  processing
__label__environmentmonitoring software,  and  an  analytics  engine.  in  an  iot  architecture,  there  are  thousands  of  sensors  collecting  huge  volumes  of  unstructured  data,  from  clickstream  data  to  video  footage.  modern  data  streaming  architectures  use  data  lakes  like  amazon  s3  to  store  this  raw  data.  the  benefits  of  data  lakes  are  that  they  can  grow  indefinitely,  integrate  with  many  processing  and  analytics  tools,  and  provide  a  relatively  low  cost  of  storage.  you  can  read  more  about  the  advantages  of  data  lakes  .  to  enable  analytics  on  iot  data,  organizations  need  to  plan  their  storage  carefully.  just  dumping  data  into  a  data  lake  with  no
__label__environmentmonitoring prior  treatment  can  create  a  data  swamp.  is  a  stream  processing  and  data  lake  management  platform  that  can  save  iot  data  to  a  data  lake  in  a  format  that  enables  sqlbased  analysis  by  traditional  analytics  tools.  stream  processing  allows  you  to  analyze  continuous  data  flows  in  memory,  with  only  state  changes  transported  to  a  database  or  file  system.  this  process,  called  change  data  capture  cdc,  is  useful  in  an  iot  setting  as  it  permits  a  system  to  recognize  relevant  information  while  removing  less  useful  data  points.  an  event  stream  processor,  like  ,  lets  you  write  logic  for  each  actor,  representing
__label__environmentmonitoring a  type  of  iot  device  which  is  transmitting  data,  wire  the  actors  up,  and  connect  them  to  data  sources.  connecting  the  stream  processor  to  large  numbers  of  data  sources  in  an  iot  environment,  and  managing  storage  effectively,  is  a  major  challenge  and  requires  data  engineering  expertise.  upsolver  provides  an  endtoend  stream  processing  solution,  based  on  kafka,  which  lets  you  set  up  an  iot  analytics  pipeline  without  needing  to  invest  in  data  engineering.  lets  you  integrate  with  data  sources  in  one  click  and  store  everything  in  a  data  lake,  in  an  optimized  format  that  permits  high  performance,  sqlbased  analysis.  several  vendors
__label__environmentmonitoring provide  purposebuilt  analytics  engines  designed  to  work  with  iot  data.  you  can  use  one  of  these  solutions,  or  analyze  iot  data  directly  with  standard  analytics  tools,  like  you  would  any  type  of  big  data.  aws  iot  analytics  transforms,  filters  and  enriches  iot  data  prior  to  storing  it  in  a  timeseries  data  store  for  analysis.  it  collects  data  from  your  devices,  transforms  it  into  a  usable  form,  enriches  the  data  with  devicespecific  metadata,  and  stores  the  processed  data.  you  can  then  analyze  data  by  initiating  adhoc  or  scheduled  queries  using  the  builtin  sql  query  engine,  or  run  machine  learning  algorithms  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  data.  aws  iot  analytics  includes  prebuilt  models  for  common  iot  use  cases  like  predictive  maintenance  and  smart  agriculture.  azure  stream  analytics  integrates  with  open  source  cloud  platforms  to  provide  real  time  analytics  on  data  from  iot  applications  and  devices.  azure  iot  analytics  allows  you  to:  upsolver  lets  you  transform  iot  streaming  data  into  workable  data,  enhancing  timetovalue  and  increasing  the  success  rate  of  streaming  data  projects.  upsolvers  facilitates  streaming  data  integration,  preparation,  and  management  in  cloud  data  lakes,  allowing  a  single  user  with  no  data  engineering  expertise  to  transform  streaming  data  into  analytics,  using  a  draganddrop  data  interface.  this
__label__environmentmonitoring provides  the  analytical  capabilities  of  a  database,  at  the  scale  of  a  data  lake.  integrate  data  between  all  key  input  and  output  platforms  and  your  current  data  lake.  upsolver  deals  with  file  management  and  optimization  of  your  data  lake,  whether  on  or  onpremise.  topics:  ,  ,  ,  2018  upsolver  all  rights  reserved.  call:
__label__environmentmonitoring search  this  vendorwritten  tech  primerhas  beenedited  by  network  world  to  eliminate  product  promotion,  butreaders  should  note  it  will  likely  favor  the  submitters  approach.  heralded  for  driving  positive  transformations  in  consumer  products,  retailing,  healthcare,  manufacturing  and  more,  the  internet  of  things  iot  promises  a  smart  everything,  from  refrigerators,  to  cars,  to  buildings,  to  oil  fields.  but  theres  a  dark  side  to  iot,  and  if  we  dont  overcome  the  challenges  it  presents,  we  will  be  heading  for  trouble.  the  easiest  way  to  see  these  challenges  in  action  is  to  explore  a  possible  iot  deployment.  lets  assume  the  following.  a  very  large  industrial
__label__environmentmonitoring food  storage  warehouse  and  distribution  center  is  using  internetconnected  devices  to  ensure  the  proper  temperature  of  various  zones,  such  as  a  massive  refrigeration  area  for  items  requiring  constant,  nonfreezing  cooling  and  a  massive  freezer  area  for  items  requiring  constant  freezing.  some  of  the  requirements  of  the  deployment  include:  with  this  use  case  in  mind,  lets  explore  todays  top  four  iot  challenges  and  what  we  need  to  solve  them.  having  a  lot  of  data  doesnt  mean  you  can  understand  and  use  it.  because  of  the  range  and  diversity  of  iot  use  cases,  it  is  unlikely  that  a  single  vendor  can  create
__label__environmentmonitoring a  comprehensive  solution  for  an  environment  of  the  scale  of  this  warehouse.  even  if  one  were  created,  it  would  likely  force  a  ripandreplace  approach  that  would  be  cost  prohibitive.  instead,  creating  a  fully  functional,  secure,  and  robust  iot  environment  requires  a  complete  peertopeer  solution  in  which  devices  from  one  vendor  can  translate  the  information  from  the  devices  of  the  other  vendors.  this,  however,  isnt  feasible,  given  the  possible  involvement  of  perhaps  hundreds  of  vendors,  including  legacy  devices.  without  a  better  solution,  the  warehouse  solution  designer  is  facing  a  modern  day  tower  of  babel.  a  more  practical  solution  to  ensuring  all
__label__environmentmonitoring data  can  be  understood  and  fully  utilized  across  the  deployment  is  to  create  a  hub  model  in  which  one  or  more  iot  gateways  and  iot  central  servers  are  constantly  receiving  data  from  all  the  devices  and  sensors.  a  rules  engine  can  analyze  the  incoming  data,  and  the  hub  can  then  pass  on  appropriate  commands  to  a  receiving  controller,  such  as  turn  the  refrigeration  up  in  zone  2  where  the  sun  is  heating  up  the  southwest  outer  wall.  such  a  hub  needs  to  be  able  to  translate  different  data  types  or  units  of  measure,  such  as  fahrenheit  to  celsius.  it  also
__label__environmentmonitoring requires  a  common  data  model  to  make  it  possible  to  compare  and  integrate  data  from  any  vendors  devices,  thus  making  it  possible  for  the  system  to  understand  the  data.  in  some  cases,  the  total  amount  of  data  being  collected  may  be  so  great  that  moving  it  over  the  network  to  a  central  location  may  not  be  viable.  consider  an  individual  outside  temperature  sensor  on  the  warehouse.  to  serve  its  various  purposes,  including  maintenance,  it  transmits  temperature,  humidity,  hardware  version,  software  version,  battery  level,  motion/position  changes,  etc.  the  list  can  go  on  and  on.  this  information  may  be  sent  every  30
__label__environmentmonitoring seconds  maybe  even  every  second  depending  on  the  criticality  and  there  are  several  hundred  sensors  on  the  outside  of  the  large  warehouse.  and  this  is  only  one  type  of  perhaps  dozens  of  types  of  sensors.  whats  needed  is  an  integration  solution  with  the  ability  to  aggregate  only  the  desired  data  from  wherever  it  resides,  normalize  it  into  common  data  models,  and  make  it  accessible  as  needed  for  monitoring,  reporting,  maintenance,  and  other  scenarios.  for  example,  the  warehouse  solution  should  be  able  to  pull  the  outside  temperature  and  humidity  readings  from  only  the  50  outer  wall  sensors  in  zone  3  to
__label__environmentmonitoring check  the  climate  balance  for  zone  3.  while  the  iot  peertopeer  model  i.e.  multiple  connected  devices  working  together  is  essential  for  the  warehouse  solution  and  similar  largescale  iot  use  cases,  this  approach  introduces  an  important  security  issue.  the  overall  security  profile  is  only  as  strong  as  the  weakest  device  that  is  part  of  it.  if  the  security  on  a  particular  vendors  outdoor  sensors  is  weak,  and  a  number  of  the  other  vendors  sensors  and  devices  depend  on  the  data  from  those  potentially  compromised  sensors,  the  possibility  of  a  critical  indirect  impact  is  strong.  for  example,  a  breached  sensor  could  deliver
__label__environmentmonitoring the  wrong  outdoor  temperature  to  the  system,  resulting  in  a  system  decision  to  adjust  a  zone  temperature  in  a  way  that  ruins  the  food  in  that  zone.  to  solve  this  problem,  the  warehouse  iot  peertopeer  model  must  be  implemented  in  a  way  that  enables  the  system  to  doublecheck  a  particular  sensors  reading  by  checking  with  other  physically  colocated  sensors  to  confirm  that  reading.  for  example,  if  one  outdoor  sensor  is  reading  particularly  high  while  its  neighboring  sensors  uniformly  read  a  lower  temperature,  then  the  system  should  not  make  an  immediate  decision  to  adjust  the  relevant  zone  temperature.  instead,  the  system
__label__environmentmonitoring should  issue  an  alert  to  validate  the  functionality  of  that  sensor  and  to  check  the  physical  area  around  the  sensor.  while  checking  with  neighboring  sensors  is  an  important  technique  to  help  detect  a  possible  breach,  the  security  profile  of  the  solution  could  be  further  strengthened  by  adding  the  capability  to  look  at  historical  data  to  see  if  an  anomalous  reading  has  a  precedent,  based  on,  for  example,  weather  conditions,  time  of  year,  time  of  day,  amount  of  inventory,  etc.,  that  would  account  for  the  aberration.  another  dark  side  of  iot  is  what  i  call  psychotic  devices,  iot  devices  or  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring that  simply  go  bad  and  start  sending  false  readings  to  the  system.  the  cause  of  the  psychosis  can  be  any  number  of  issues,  from  the  obvious,  such  as  a  software  bug,  a  low  battery,  or  a  simple  device  failure,  to  the  not  so  obvious,  such  as  a  construction  worker  inadvertently  splattering  a  sensor  with  paint  or  covering  one  up  with  a  sheet  of  plywood.  while  psychotic  devices  are  not  an  external  security  threat,  the  impact  of  such  devices  can  be  just  as  destructive.  in  the  case  of  the  warehouse,  they  could  certainly  bring  on  the  ruin  of  the  inventory  inside
__label__environmentmonitoring if  the  precautions  already  mentioned  in  this  article  arent  followed.  likewise,  the  approach  to  preventing  psychotic  devices  from  compromising  an  iot  environment  is  similar  to  the  approach  to  improving  security.  techniques  such  as  comparing  an  anomalous  reading  to  the  output  of  neighboring  sensors  can  prevent  dangerous  and  destructive  system  decisions.  many  companies  see  iot  as  an  opportunity  to  improve  their  businesses.  for  this  to  become  a  reality,  it  is  imperative  that  iot  solution  providers  are  aware  of  and  are  developing  solutions  to  resolve  these  dark  side  challenges.  the  moral  of  the  story?  choose  vendors  carefully.  adopt  a  platform  designed  to
__label__environmentmonitoring integrating  iot  internet  of  things,  especially  through  using  sensors,  in  business  operations  has  increased  drastically  over  the  past  years.  in  fact,  ,  there  is  an  expectation  that  92  of  industrial  organizations  will  implement  some  form  of  iot  in  their  business.  specifically,  at  present,  68  of  business  heads  utilize  iot  for  maintenance  and  monitoring,  while  54  use  it  for  remote  processes  and  operations.  speaking  of  sensors,  there  are  currently  a  lot  out  there  that  serve  various  needs  in  the  industrial  sense.  from  temperature  monitoring  to  water  leakage  detection,  they  can  help  boost  operational  efficiency  and  enable  informed  decisions  for  the  betterment
__label__environmentmonitoring of  organizations.  however,  not  all  sensors  are  created  equal.  this  is  why  we  created  a  list  of  the  top  five  bestselling  lorawanconnected  sensors  from  the  .  read  on  to  discover  these  connected  devices  and  what  makes  them  stand  out.  leaks  and  water  damage  are  the  last  things  that  you  probably  want  to  deal  with  in  your  industrial  infrastructure.  initially,  little  spots  on  different  surfaces  may  be  negligible  but  as  time  passes,  this  can  cause  damage,  especially  to  equipment.  moreover,  server  rooms  and  data  centers  are  of  no  exception  when  it  comes  to  possible  water  damage.  this  is  because  they  highly
__label__environmentmonitoring utilize  water  in  their  cooling  systems  and  once  a  problem  arises,  it  could  cause  flooding.  for  these  reasons,  it  is  ultimately  essential  to  utilize  sensors  that  will  alert  you  at  the  first  sign  of  water  leakage.  and  the  does  this  well.  its  water  cable  detection  enables  the  discovery  of  water  presence  on  the  floor.  additionally,  this  smart  wireless  module  runs  on  the  lorawan  connectivity  protocol  and  sends  out  a  notification  once  it  detects  water  leakages.  what  makes  it  truly  competitive  are  its  bestinclass  features  which  include  long  battery  life  20  years,  rich  data  content  through  datalogging,  radio  performances,  and  its
__label__environmentmonitoring advanced  set  of  functionalities.  finally,  it  covers  a  wide  area  of  up  to  15km,  perfect  for  even  outdoor  use,  and  is  both  local  and  public  network  compliant.  to  avoid  this,  it  is  vital  to  have  the  right  temperature  sensor  in  place  and  the  is  exactly  that.  this  wireless  lorawanconnected  sensor  is  part  of  jris  mysirius  monitoring  solution  that  enables  effective  cold  chain  monitoring  and  maintenance  through  high  precision  data  loggers.  sensors  can  take  your  industry  to  a  whole  new  level  by  equipping  you  with  added  vision  to  variables  that  can  incredibly  impact  your  operations.  in  fact,  these  are  important  components
__label__environmentmonitoring when  you  want  your  organization  to  undergo  optimal  digital  transformation.  for  this  reason,  it  is  only  fitting  to  choose  which  sensors  would  be  the  best  to  use  based  on  the  nature  of  your  field  and  your  requirements.  aside  from  this,  the  kind  of  connectivity  the  devices  use  plays  a  vital  role  in  helping  you  achieve  the  functionalities  that  you  need.  in  the  case  of  largescale  organizations  and  industries,  is  ideal.  its  longrange,  lowpower  nature  enables  sensors  to  gather  information  effectively  minus  the  overly  costly  investment  and  regular  maintenance.  sharpen  your  organizations  senses  by  using  quality  sensors  with  the  right  connectivity.
__label__environmentmonitoring through  this,  you  can  better  make  datadriven  decisions  and  optimize  your  operations  leading  to  lower  costs  and  higher  profitability.  indeed,  the  more  informed  you  are,  the  more  ideal  actions  you  can  make.  like  what  you  read?  share  this  article  on  social  media:  wed  love  to  hear  your  thoughts.  share  your  insights  in  the  comments  section  below.  required  fields  are  marked
__label__environmentmonitoring the  iot  promises  to  reshape  entire  industries.  the  business  value  can  be  profoundranging  from  digitizing  an  organizations  internal  operations  and  customer  experience  to  unlocking  disruptive  new  digital  products  and  business  models.  mckinsey  estimates  that  iot  could  generate  up  to  11.1  trillion  a  year  in  economic  value  by  2025.  according  to  forrester,  there  are  two  fundamental  opportunities  for  the  internet  of  things  to  create  value  within  the  enterprise:  there  are  many  companies  who  are  already  taking  advantage  of  the  data  explosion  driven  by  iot,  using  machine  learning  and  predictive  analytics  to  optimize,  innovate  and  transform  their  business  by  ,  also  known
__label__environmentmonitoring as  .  ebook  view  an  equipment  tracking  app  provides  an  airlines  engineers  with  a  live  view  of  the  locations  of  each  piece  of  maintenance  equipment.  by  increasing  the  efficiency  of  engineers,  this  iot  application  is  not  only  generating  significant  cost  savings  and  process  improvements,  but  also  impacting  the  customer  experience  in  the  end  through  more  reliable,  ontime  flights.  a  medication  temperature  monitoring  app  uses  sensors  to  detect  if  the  medications  temperature  has  gone  outside  of  the  acceptable  range  and  ensures  medical  supplies  still  meet  quality  standards  upon  delivery.  the  handling  temperatures  are  medications,  vaccines  for  examples,  is  critical  to  their
__label__environmentmonitoring effectiveness.  iot  based  smart  applications  can  be  used  to  not  monitor  that  medications  are  kept  within  the  proper  handling  temperature  range,  but  also  to  remind  patients  when  it  is  time  to  take  their  medication.  a  lighting  manufacturer  for  the  horticultural  industry  built  a  smart  app  that  leverages  iot  sensors  and  predictive  analytics  to  perform  predictive  maintenance  and  optimize  lighting,  power  consumption  and  plant  photosynthesis.  the  iot  application  transformed  their  business  from  a  lighting  systems  manufacturer  to  a  greenhouse  optimization  asaservice  business.  an  insurance  company  offers  policyholders  discounts  for  wearing  internetconnected  fitbit  wristbands.  the  fitness  tracking  service  is  part  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring insurers  vitality  program  aimed  at  integrating  wellness  benefits  with  life  insurance.  through  this  iot  application,  this  insurer  is  creating  smart  life  insurance  products  and  rewarding  customers  for  their  positive  actions.  a  facility  services  company  uses  their  multidevice  iot  software  to  enable  support  personnel  to  receive  alerts  about  service  issues  and  take  immediate  action.  by  aggregating  data  from  thousands  of  sensors  in  devices  like  coffee  machines,  soap  dispensers,  paper  towel  dispensers  and  mouse  traps  rather  than  doing  manual  checks,  the  application  has  significantly  cut  costs  and  improved  service  levels.  an  entertainment  design  and  production  firm  uses  sensors  in  turnstiles  of  venues
__label__environmentmonitoring to  understand  the  foot  traffic  of  people  at  events.  their  iot  application  visualizes  the  attendee  traffic  patterns  in  real  time  to  help  sponsors  understand  the  best  places  to  advertise,  and  to  ensure  the  attendee  count  stays  within  the  fire  code  compliance  of  the  venue.  the  internet  of  things  can  be  leverage  for  any  number  of  uses  that  combines  an  interface,  realtime  sensory  equipment,  dashboards  and  databases.  in  addition  to  many  of  the  examples  featured  on  this  page,  other  use  cases  include:  internet  of  things  technology  can  include  any  sensor,  electronics  or  software  that  is  connected  to  the  internet  and  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  utilized  remotely  and  exchange  data.  often  the  technology  works  together  for  enhanced  functionality.  iot  applications  typically  incorporate  a  large  amount  of  remotely  accessed  information  made  available  through  the  internet.  a  platform  for  iot  simplifies  the  data  access  and  aggregation  of  this  data  so  that  the  app  developer.  while  most  software  development  platforms  can  facilitate  or  host  iot  functionality,  mendixs  platform  makes  developing  iot  enabled  smart  apps  intuitive  and  accessible  with  little  technical  knowledge.  the  internet  of  things  is  an  aggregation  of  internet  enabled  smart  devices,  sensors,  databases  and  software  that  can  be  manipulated  by  scripts,  applications  and  user  interfaces
__label__environmentmonitoring across  long  distances.  for  example,  a  smart  thermostat  that  is  connected  to  the  internet  and  can  be  controlled  remotely  by  a  phone  application  or  an  automated  script.  the  concept  of  the  internet  of  things  is  nearly  as  old  as  the  internet  itself  with  the  first  device  coming  online  in  1982  at  carnegie  melon  university.  however,  it  was  the  cofounder  of  mits  autoid  lab,  kevin  ashton  who  coined  the  term  in  1999  in  a  presentation  to  pg.  change  page  language  trending:
__label__environmentmonitoring industries  and  organizations  have  been  using  various  kinds  of  sensors  for  a  long  time  but  the  invention  of  the  internet  of  things  has  taken  the  evolutions  of  sensors  to  a  completely  different  level.  platforms  function  and  deliver  various  kind  of  intelligence  and  data  using  a  variety  of  sensors.  they  serve  to  collect  data,  pushing  it  and  sharing  it  with  a  whole  network  of  connected  devices.  all  this  collected  data  makes  it  possible  for  devices  to  autonomously  function,  and  the  whole  ecosystem  is  becoming  smarter  every  day.  by  combining  a  set  of  sensors  and  a  communication  network,  devices  share  information  with
__label__environmentmonitoring one  another  and  are  improving  their  effectiveness  and  functionality.  take  tesla  vehicles  as  an  example.  all  of  the  sensors  on  a  car  record  their  perception  of  the  surroundings,  uploading  the  information  into  a  massive  database.  the  data  is  then  processed  and  all  the  important  new  pieces  of  information  are  sent  to  all  other  vehicles.  this  is  an  ongoing  process,  through  which  a  whole  fleet  of  tesla  vehicles  is  becoming  smarter  every  day.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  key  sensors,  extensively  being  used  in  the  iot  world.  by  definition,  a  device,  used  to  measure  amount  of  heat  energy
__label__environmentmonitoring that  allows  to  detect  a  physical  change  in  temperature  from  a  particular  source  and  converts  the  data  for  a  device  or  user,  is  known  as  a  temperature  sensor.  these  sensors  have  been  deployed  for  a  long  time  in  a  variety  of  devices.  however,  with  the  emergence  of  iot,  they  have  found  more  room  to  be  present  in  an  even  greater  number  of  devices.  only  a  couple  of  years  ago,  their  uses  mostly  included  a/c  control,  refrigerators  and  similar  devices  used  for  environmental  control.  however,  with  the  advent  of  the  iot  world,  they  have  found  their  role  in  manufacturing  processes,  agriculture
__label__environmentmonitoring and  health  industry.  in  the  manufacturing  process,  many  machines  require  specific  environment  temperature,  as  well  as  device  temperature.  with  this  kind  of  measurement,  the  manufacturing  process  can  always  remain  optimal.  on  the  other  hand,  in  agriculture,  the  temperature  of  soil  is  crucial  for  crop  growth.  this  helps  with  the  production  of  plants,  maximizing  the  output.  followed  are  some  subcategories  of  temp  sensors:  thermocouples:  these  are  voltage  devices  that  indicate  temperature  measuring  with  a  change  in  voltage.  as  temperature  goes  up,  the  output  voltage  of  the  thermocouple  rises.  resistor  temperature  detectors  rtd:  the  resistance  of  the  device  is  directly  proportional  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  temperature,  increase  in  a  positive  direction  when  the  temperature  rises  resistance  going  up.  thermistors:  it  is  a  temperature  sensitive  resistor  that  changes  its  physical  resistance  with  the  change  in  temperature.  ic  semiconductor:  they  are  linear  devices  where  the  conductivity  of  the  semiconductor  increases  linearly  and  it  takes  advantage  of  the  variable  resistance  properties  of  semiconductor  materials.  it  can  provide  a  direct  temperature  reading  in  digital  form,  especially  at  low  temperatures.  infrared  sensors:  it  detects  temperature  by  intercepting  a  portion  of  emitted  infrared  energy  of  the  object  or  substance,  and  sensing  its  intensity,  can  be  used  to  measure  temperature  of
__label__environmentmonitoring solids  and  liquids  only,  not  possible  to  use  it  on  gases  because  of  their  transparent  nature.  a  device  that  detects  the  presence  or  absence  of  a  nearby  object,  or  properties  of  that  object,  and  converts  it  into  signal  which  can  be  easily  read  by  user  or  a  simple  electronic  instrument  without  getting  in  contact  with  them.  proximity  sensors  are  largely  used  in  the  retail  industry,  as  they  can  detect  motion  and  the  correlation  between  the  customer  and  product  they  might  be  interested  in.  a  user  is  immediately  notified  of  discounts  and  special  offers  of  nearby  products.  another  big  and  quite
__label__environmentmonitoring an  old  usecase  is  vehicles.  you  are  reversing  your  car  and  are  alrmed  about  an  obstacle  while  taking  reverse,  thats  the  work  of  proximity  sensor.  they  are  also  used  for  parking  availability  in  places  such  as  malls,  stadiums  or  airports.  following  are  some  of  the  proximity  sensors  subcategorised:  inductive  sensors:  inductive  proximity  sensors  are  used  for  noncontact  detection  to  find  out  the  presence  of  metallic  objects  using  electromagnetic  field  or  a  beam  of  electromagnetic  radiation.  it  can  operate  at  higher  speeds  than  mechanical  switches  and  also  seems  more  reliable  because  of  its  robustness.  capacitive  sensors  :  capacitive  proximity  sensors  can
__label__environmentmonitoring detect  both  metallic  as  well  as  nonmetallic  targets.  nearly  all  other  materials  are  dielectric  different  from  air.  it  can  be  used  to  sense  very  small  objects  through  a  large  portion  of  target.  so,  generally  used  in  difficult  and  complicated  applications.  photoelectric  sensors  :  photoelectric  sensor  is  made  up  of  lightsensitive  parts  and  uses  a  beam  of  light  to  detect  the  presence  or  absence  of  an  object.  it  is  an  ideal  alternative  of  inductive  sensors.  and  used  for  long  distance  sensing  or  to  sense  nonmetal  object.  ultrasonic  sensors:  ultrasonic  sensors  are  also  used  to  detect  the  presence  or  to  measure  the
__label__environmentmonitoring distance  of  targets  similar  to  radar  or  sonar.  this  makes  a  reliable  solution  for  harsh  and  demanding  conditions.  a  pressure  sensor  is  a  device  that  senses  pressure  and  converts  it  into  an  electric  signal.  here,  the  amount  depends  upon  the  level  of  pressure  applied.  there  are  plenty  of  devices  that  rely  on  liquid  or  other  forms  of  pressure.  these  sensors  make  it  possible  to  create  iot  systems  that  monitor  systems  and  devices  that  are  pressure  propelled.  with  any  deviation  from  standard  pressure  range,  the  device  notifies  the  system  administrator  about  any  problems  that  should  be  fixed.  deployment  of  these  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring is  not  only  very  useful  in  manufacturing,  but  also  in  the  maintenance  of  whole  water  systems  and  heating  systems,  as  it  is  easy  to  detect  any  fluctuation  or  drops  in  pressure.  water  quality  sensors  are  used  to  detect  the  water  quality  and  ion  monitoring  primarily  in  water  distribution  systems.  water  is  practically  used  everywhere.  these  sensors  play  an  important  role  as  they  monitor  the  quality  of  water  for  different  purposes.  they  are  used  in  a  variety  of  industries.  following  is  a  list  of  the  most  common  kind  of  water  sensors  in  use.  chlorine  residual  sensor:  it  measures  chlorine  residual  i.e.
__label__environmentmonitoring free  chlorine,  monochloramine  total  chlorine  in  water  and  most  widely  used  as  disinfectant  because  of  its  efficiency.  total  organic  carbon  sensor:  toc  sensor  is  used  to  measure  organic  element  in  water.  turbidity  sensor:  turbidity  sensors  measure  suspended  solids  in  water,  typically  it  is  used  in  river  and  stream  gaging,  wastewater  and  effluent  measurement.  conductivity  sensor:  conductivity  measurements  are  carried  out  in  industrial  processes  primarily  to  obtain  information  on  total  ionic  concentrations  i.e.  dissolved  compounds  in  water  solutions.  ph  sensor:  it  is  used  to  measure  the  ph  level  in  the  dissolved  water,  which  indicates  how  acidic  or  basic  alkaline  it  is.
__label__environmentmonitoring oxygenreduction  potential  sensor  :  the  orp  measurement  provides  insights  into  the  level  of  oxidation/reduction  reactions  occurring  in  the  solution.  chemical  sensors  are  applied  in  a  number  of  different  industries.  their  goal  is  to  indicate  changes  in  liquid  or  to  find  out  air  chemical  changes.  they  play  an  important  role  in  bigger  cities,  where  it  is  necessary  to  track  changes  and  protect  the  population.  main  use  cases  of  chemical  sensors  can  be  found  in  industrial  environmental  monitoring  and  process  control,  intentionally  or  accidentally  released  harmful  chemical  detection,  explosive  and  radioactive  detection,  recycling  processes  on  space  station,  pharma  industries  and  laboratory  etc.
__label__environmentmonitoring chemical  fieldeffect  transistor  chemiresistor  electrochemical  gas  sensor  fluorescent  chloride  sensors  hydrogen  sulfide  sensor  nondispersive  infrared  sensor  ph  glass  electrode  potentiometric  sensor  zinc  oxide  nanorod  sensor  gas  sensors  are  similar  to  the  chemical  ones,  but  are  specifically  used  to  monitor  changes  of  the  air  quality  and  detect  the  presence  of  various  gases.  like  chemical  sensors,  they  are  used  in  numerous  industries  such  as  manufacturing,  agriculture  and  health  and  used  for  air  quality  monitoring,  detection  of  toxic  or  combustible  gas,  hazardous  gas  monitoring  in  coal  mines,  oil  gas  industries,  chemical  laboratory  research,  manufacturing  paints,  plastics,  rubber,  pharmaceutical  petrochemical  etc.  following  are  some
__label__environmentmonitoring common  gas  sensors:  carbon  dioxide  sensor  breathalyzer  carbon  monoxide  detector  catalytic  bead  sensor  hydrogen  sensor  air  pollution  sensor  nitrogen  oxide  sensor  oxygen  sensor  ozone  monitor  electrochemical  gas  sensor  gas  detector  hygrometer  a  smoke  sensor  is  a  device  that  senses  smoke  airborne  particulates  gases  and  its  level.  they  have  been  in  use  for  a  long  period  of  time.  however,  with  the  development  of  iot,  they  are  now  even  more  effective,  as  they  are  plugged  into  a  system  that  immediately  notifies  the  user  about  any  problem  that  occurs  in  different  industries.  smoke  sensors  are  extensively  used  by  manufacturing  industry,  hvac,  buildings  and
__label__environmentmonitoring accommodation  infra  to  detect  fire  and  gas  incidences.  this  serves  to  protect  people  working  in  dangerous  environments,  as  the  whole  system  is  much  more  effective  in  comparison  to  the  older  ones.  common  type  of  smoke  sensors  smoke  sensors  detect  the  presence  of  smoke,  gases  and  flame  surrounding  their  field.  it  can  be  detected  either  optically  or  by  the  physical  process  or  by  the  use  of  both  the  methods.  optical  smoke  sensor  photoelectric  :  optical  smoke  sensor  used  the  light  scatter  principle  trigger  to  occupants.  ionization  smoke  sensor:  ionization  smoke  sensor  works  on  the  principle  of  ionization,  kind  of  chemistry  to
__label__environmentmonitoring detect  molecules  causing  a  trigger  alarm.  an  infrared  sensor  is  a  sensor  which  is  used  to  sense  certain  characteristics  of  its  surroundings  by  either  emitting  or  detecting  infrared  radiation.  it  is  also  capable  of  measuring  the  heat  being  emitted  by  the  objects.  they  are  now  used  in  a  variety  of  iot  projects,  especially  in  healthcare  as  they  make  monitoring  of  blood  flow  and  blood  pressure  simple.  they  are  even  used  in  a  wide  array  of  regular  smart  devices  such  as  smartwatches  and  smartphones  as  well.  other  common  use  includes  home  appliances  remote  control,  breath  analysis,  infrared  vision  i.e.  visualize  heat
__label__environmentmonitoring leaks  in  electronics,  monitor  blood  flow,  art  historians  to  see  under  layers  of  paint,  wearable  electronics,  optical  communication,  noncontact  based  temperature  measurements,  automotive  blindangle  detection.  their  usage  does  not  end  there,  they  are  also  a  great  tool  for  ensuring  highlevel  security  in  your  home.  also,  their  application  includes  environment  checks,  as  they  can  detect  a  variety  of  chemicals  and  heat  leaks.  they  are  going  to  play  an  important  role  in  the  smart  home  industry,  as  they  have  a  widerange  of  applications.  a  sensor  which  is  used  to  determine  the  level  or  amount  of  fluids,  liquids  or  other  substances  that  flow
__label__environmentmonitoring in  an  open  or  closed  system  is  called  level  sensor.  like  ir  sensors,  level  sensors  are  present  in  a  wide  array  of  industries.  they  are  primarily  known  for  measuring  fuel  levels,  but  they  are  also  used  in  businesses  that  work  with  liquid  materials.  for  example,  the  recycling  industry,  as  well  as  the  juice  and  alcohol  industry  rely  on  these  sensors  to  measure  the  number  of  liquid  assets  in  their  possession.  best  use  cases  of  level  sensor  is,  fuel  gauging  liquid  levels  in  open  or  closed  containers,  sea  level  monitoring  tsunami  warning,  water  reservoirs,  medical  equipment,  compressors,  hydraulic  reservoirs,  machine  tools,
__label__environmentmonitoring beverage  and  pharmaceutical  processing,  high  or  lowlevel  detection  etc.  this  helps  better  streamline  their  businesses,  as  sensors  collect  all  the  important  data  at  all  times.  with  the  use  of  these  sensors,  any  product  manager  can  precisely  see  how  much  liquid  is  ready  to  be  distributed  and  whether  the  manufacturing  should  be  stepped  up.  there  are  two  basic  level  measurement  types:  point  level  sensors:  point  level  sensors  usually  detect  the  particular  specific  level  and  respond  to  the  user  if  the  sensing  object  is  above  or  below  that  level.  it  is  integrated  into  single  device  to  get  an  alarm  or  trigger  continuous
__label__environmentmonitoring level  sensor:  continuous  level  sensors  measure  liquid  or  dry  material  levels  within  a  specified  range  and  provide  outputs  which  continuously  indicate  the  level.  the  best  example  of  it  is  fuel  level  display  in  the  vehicle.  image  sensors  are  instruments  which  are  used  to  convert  optical  images  into  electronic  signals  for  displaying  or  storing  files  electronically.  the  major  use  of  image  sensor  is  found  in  digital  camera  modules,  medical  imaging  and  night  vision  equipment,thermal  imaging  devices,  radar,  sonar,  media  house,  biometric  iris  devices.  two  main  types  of  sensors  are  used  in:  ccd  chargecoupled  device  and  cmos  complementary  metaloxide  semiconductor  imagers.  although
__label__environmentmonitoring each  type  of  sensor  uses  different  technology  to  capture  images,  both  ccd  and  cmos  imagers  use  metaloxide  semiconductors,  having  the  same  degree  of  sensitivity  to  light,  and  no  inherent  quality  difference  an  average  consumer  would  think  that  this  is  a  regular  camera,  but  even  though  this  is  not  far  from  the  truth,  image  sensors  are  connected  with  a  wide  range  of  different  devices,  making  their  functionality  much  better.  one  of  the  bestknown  uses  includes  the  car  industry,  in  which  imagery  plays  a  very  important  role.  with  these  sensors,  the  system  can  recognize  signs,  obstacles  and  many  other  things  that  a
__label__environmentmonitoring driver  would  generally  notice  on  the  road.  they  play  a  very  important  role  in  iot  industry,  as  they  directly  affect  the  progress  of  driverless  cars.  they  are  also  implemented  in  improved  security  systems,  where  images  help  capture  details  about  the  perpetrator.  in  the  retail  industry,  these  sensors  serve  to  collect  data  about  customers,  helping  businesses  get  a  better  insight  into  who  is  actually  visiting  their  store,  race,  gender,  age  are  only  some  of  the  useful  parameters  that  retail  owners  get  by  using  these  iot  sensors.  a  motion  detector  is  an  electronic  device  which  is  used  to  detect  the  physical  movementmotion
__label__environmentmonitoring in  a  given  area  and  it  transforms  motion  into  an  electric  signal  ;  motion  of  any  object  or  motion  of  human  beings  motion  detection  plays  an  important  role  in  the  security  industry.  businesses  utilize  these  sensors  in  areas  where  no  movement  should  be  detected  at  all  times,  and  it  is  easy  to  notice  anybodys  presence  with  these  sensors  installed.  these  are  primarily  used  for  intrusion  detection  systems,  automatics  door  control,  boom  barrier,  smart  camera  i.e  motion  based  capture/video  recording,toll  plaza,  automatic  parking  systems,  automated  sinks/toilet  flusher,hand  dryers,energy  management  systemsi.e.  automated  lighting,  ac,  fan,  appliances  control  etc.  on  the  other  hand,
__label__environmentmonitoring these  sensors  can  also  decipher  different  types  of  movements,  making  them  useful  in  some  industries  where  a  customer  can  communicate  with  the  system  by  waving  a  hand  or  by  performing  a  similar  action.  for  example,  someone  can  wave  to  a  sensor  in  the  retail  store  to  request  assistance  with  making  the  right  purchase  decision.  even  though  their  primary  use  is  correlated  with  the  security  industry,  as  the  technology  advances,  the  number  of  possible  applications  of  these  sensors  is  only  going  to  grow.  following  are  key  motion  sensor  types  widely  used:  passive  infrared  pir  :  it  detects  body  heat  infrared  energy
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  most  widely  used  motion  sensor  in  home  security  systems.  ultrasonic  :  sends  out  pulses  of  ultrasonic  waves  and  measures  the  reflection  off  a  moving  object  by  tracking  the  speed  of  sound  waves.  microwave  :  sends  out  radio  wave  pulses  and  measures  the  reflection  off  a  moving  object.  they  cover  a  larger  area  than  infrared  ultrasonic  sensors,  but  they  are  vulnerable  to  electrical  interference  and  more  expensive.  accelerometer  is  a  transducer  that  is  used  to  measure  the  physical  or  measurable  acceleration  experienced  by  an  object  due  to  inertial  forces  and  converts  the  mechanical  motion  into  an  electrical  output.  it
__label__environmentmonitoring is  defined  as  rate  of  change  of  velocity  with  respect  to  time  these  sensors  are  now  present  in  millions  of  devices,  such  as  smartphones.  their  uses  involve  detection  of  vibrations,  tilting  and  acceleration  in  general.  this  is  great  for  monitoring  your  driving  fleet,  or  using  a  smart  pedometer.  in  some  instances,  it  is  used  as  a  form  of  antitheft  protection,  as  the  sensor  can  send  an  alert  through  the  system  if  an  object  that  should  remain  stationary  is  moved.  they  are  widely  used  in  cellular  media  devices,  vibration  measurement,  automotive  control  and  detection,  free  fall  detection,  aircraft  and  aviation  industries,
__label__environmentmonitoring movement  detection,  sports  academy/athletes  behavior  monitoring,  consumer  electronics,  industrial  construction  sites  etc.  there  are  various  kinds  of  accelerometers  and  following  are  few  mainly  used  in  iot  projects:  halleffect  accelerometers  :  halleffect  accelerometers  are  using  hall  principle  to  measure  the  acceleration,  it  measures  the  voltage  variations  caused  by  changes  in  a  magnetic  field  around  them.  capacitive  accelerometers  :  capacitive  accelerometers  sensing  output  voltage  dependents  on  the  distance  between  two  planar  surfaces.  capacitive  accelerometers  are  also  less  prone  to  noise  and  variation  with  temperature.  piezoelectric  accelerometers:  piezoelectric  sensing  principle  is  working  on  the  piezoelectric  effect.  piezofilm  based  accelerometers  are  best  used  to
__label__environmentmonitoring measure  vibration,  shock,  and  pressure.  each  accelerometer  sensing  technology  has  its  own  advantages  and  compromises.  before  selecting,  its  important  to  understand  the  basic  differences  of  the  various  types  and  the  test  requirements.  gyroscope  sensors  :  a  sensor  or  device  which  is  used  to  measure  the  angular  rate  or  angular  velocity  is  known  as  gyro  sensors,  angular  velocity  is  simply  defined  as  a  measurement  of  speed  of  rotation  around  an  axis.  it  is  a  device  used  primarily  for  navigation  and  measurement  of  angular  and  rotational  velocity  in  3axis  directions.  the  most  important  application  is  monitoring  the  orientation  of  an  object.  their
__label__environmentmonitoring main  applications  are  in  car  navigation  systems,  game  controllers,cellular  camera  devices,  consumer  electronics,  robotics  control,  drone  rc  control  helicopter  or  uav  control,  vehicle  control/adas  and  many  more.  there  are  several  different  kinds  of  gyro  sensors  which  are  selected  by  their  working  mechanism,  output  type,  power,  sensing  range  and  environmental  conditions.  rotary  classical  gyroscopes  vibrating  structure  gyroscope  optical  gyroscopes  memsmicroelectromechanical  systems  gyroscopes  these  sensors  are  always  combined  with  accelerometers.  the  use  of  these  two  sensors  simply  provides  more  feedback  to  the  system.  with  gyroscopic  sensors  installed,  many  devices  can  help  athletes  improve  the  efficiency  of  their  movements,  as  they  gain  access
__label__environmentmonitoring to  the  athletes  movement  during  sports  activities.  this  is  only  one  example  of  its  application,  however,  as  the  role  of  this  sensor  is  to  detect  rotation  or  twist,  its  application  is  crucial  for  the  automation  of  some  manufacturing  processes.  humidity  is  defined  as  the  amount  of  water  vapour  in  an  atmosphere  of  air  or  other  gases.  the  most  commonly  used  terms  are  relative  humidity  rh  these  sensors  usually  follow  the  use  of  temperature  sensors,  as  many  manufacturing  processes  require  perfect  working  conditions.  through  measuring  humidity,  you  can  ensure  that  the  whole  process  runs  smoothly,  and  when  there  is  any  sudden
__label__environmentmonitoring change,  action  can  be  taken  immediately,  as  sensors  detect  the  change  almost  instantaneously.  their  applications  and  use  can  be  found  in  industrial  residential  domain  for  heating,  ventilating,  and  air  conditioning  systems  control.  they  can  also  be  found  in  automotive,  museums,  industrial  spaces  and  greenhouses  ,  meteorology  stations,paint  and  coatings  industries,  hospitals  pharma  industries  to  protect  medicines  a  sensor  which  measures  the  physical  quantity  of  light  rays  and  convert  it  into  electrical  signal  which  can  be  easily  readable  by  user  or  an  electronic  instrument/device  is  called  optical  sensor.  optical  sensors  are  loved  by  ,  as  they  are  practical  for  measuring  different
__label__environmentmonitoring things  simultaneously.  the  technology  behind  this  sensor  allows  it  to  monitor  electromagnetic  energy,  which  includes,  electricity,  light  and  so  on.  due  to  this  fact,  these  sensors  have  found  use  in  healthcare,  environment  monitoring,  energy,  aerospace  and  many  more  industries.  with  their  presence  oil  companies,  pharmaceutical  companies  and  mining  companies  are  in  a  much  better  position  to  track  environmental  changes  while  keeping  their  employees  safe.t  their  main  use  can  be  found  in  ambient  light  detection,  digital  optical  switches,  optical  fibres  communications,due  to  electrical  isolation  best  suited  for  oil  and  gas  applications,  civil  and  transportation  fields,  high  speed  network  systems,  elevator  door
__label__environmentmonitoring control,  assembly  line  part  counters  and  safety  systems.  following  are  key  type  of  optical  sensors:  photodetector:  it  uses  light  sensitive  semiconductor  materials  like  photocells,photodiodes  or  phototransistors  to  work  as  photodetector  fiber  optics  :  fibers  optics  carry  no  current,  so  its  immune  to  electrical  electromagnetics  interference  and  even  in  damaged  condition  no  sparking  or  shock  hazard  happens.  pyrometer  :  it  estimates  the  temperature  of  an  object  by  sensing  the  color  of  the  light  and  objects  radiate  light  according  to  their  temperature  and  produce  same  colors  at  same  temperature.  proximity  infrared  :  proximity  use  light  to  sense  objects  nearby  and  infrared  are
__label__environmentmonitoring used  where  visible  light  would  be  inconvenient.  it  is  clear  that  iot  has  become  incredibly  popular,  and  current  trends  show  that  it  is  the  future.  it  simply  helps  with  automation  of  various  processes,  making  these  systems  quite  useful  for  both  regular  consumers  and  businesses.  we  are  yet  to  see  the  full  potential  this  technology  carries,  as  the  whole  platform  is  becoming  smarter  through  the  fusion  of  all  the  abovementioned  sensors.  when  you  consider  the  fact  that  all  of  the  measured  data  is  collected  and  can  be  analyzed,  it  is  obvious  that  iot  is  going  to  become  even  smarter  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring future.  iot,  or  the  internet  of  things  is  considered  to  be  one  of  the  major  gamechanging  iot  app  development  is  more  than  just  connected  devices  and  network.  it  is  also  about  get  updates  on  your  email.  be  thorough,  plan  it  meticulously  to  make  your  app  a  success.  top  15  mistakes  other  companies  made  while  implementing  enterprisemobility.  make  sure  you  plan  in  advance  drop  in  your  details  and  an  analyst  will  be  in  touch  with  you  at  the  earliest.  suite  202,  600  e.  john  carpenter  fwy  irving,  texas  75062  tower  b,  9th  floor,  noida  one,  b  8,  block  b,  sector  62,
__label__environmentmonitoring noida,  up  201309,  be  thorough,  plan  it  meticulously  to  make  your  app  a  success.  top  15  mistakes  other  companies  made  while  implementing  enterprise  mobility.  make  sure  you  plan  in  advance  is  your  developer  playing  a  foul  game?  20102019  finoit  technologies  i  pvt  ltd.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring for  every  food  retailer,  digitization  and  iot  means  something  different.  here  is  an  overview  of  current  digitization  trends  in  the  industry.  in  an  earlier  blog  post,  we  wrote  about  the  diverse  needs  of  food  retailers  when  it  comes  to  digitization  and  iot.  in  our  discussions  with  food  retailers  about  the  challenges  of  digitization,  we  gain  insight  into  their  ideas  of  how  they  can  benefit  from  iot.  together,  we  identify  and  evaluate  use  cases  they  plan  to  implement  to  increase  customer  satisfaction  and  cost  efficiency.  we  are  happy  to  share  some  of  these  insights  here  with  you.  everybody  has  been  in
__label__environmentmonitoring this  situation:  you  enter  a  store  to  bring  back  your  bottles.  however,  the  reverse  vending  machine  is  full  of  empty  bottles,  there  is  a  growing  lineup  of  people,  and  everybody  is  waiting  for  the  employee  to  come  and  empty  the  machine.  in  order  to  avoid  this  situation,  we  have  defined  the  following  use  case:  the  bosch  iot  suite  controls  the  status  of  the  reverse  vending  machine  and  counts  the  bottles  in  the  machine.  once  the  machine  becomes  80  full,  the  system  sends  a  push  notification  via  email,  text  message  or  a  mobile  app  to  an  employee  of  the  retail  store.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  software  is  responsible  for  informing  the  store  employee  in  advance,  so  they  are  able  to  empty  the  reverse  vending  machine  before  the  queue  forms.  up  until  now,  the  employee  had  to  wait  for  a  failure  alarm.  now,  they  are  able  to  predict  failure  in  advance  and  can  increase  the  efficiency  of  the  process.  even  if  this  is  a  use  case  for  which  it  is  not  so  easy  to  calculate  the  return  of  investment,  it  is  an  emotional  topic.  it  has  high  potential  to  increase  customer  satisfaction  with  their  shopping  experience.  there  are  two  drivers  why  food  retailers  are  seeking
__label__environmentmonitoring solutions  that  remotely  monitor  cooling  systems:  1  to  comply  with  legislation,  and  2  to  reduce  the  amount  of  spoiled  food.  german  law  requires  the  temperature  and  humidity  levels  of  cooling  systems  to  be  monitored  and  logged  as  a  proof  the  food  has  been  adequately  stored.  up  until  now,  cooling  systems  are  manually  inspected  once  per  day  in  every  store.  depending  on  the  size  of  the  store  and  the  number  of  cooling  units,  this  may  take  up  to  several  hours  per  store.  in  addition,  stores  are  closed  sundays  and  public  holidays,  so  if  a  cooling  system  breaks,  no  one  may  notice
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  result  is  spoiled  food  that  needs  to  be  discarded.  in  order  to  avoid  an  unnoticed  malfunction  of  the  cooling  systems,  the  following  usecase  has  been  defined:  the  bosch  iot  suite  implements  an  automated  monitoring  system  that  works  24/7  and  eliminates  manual  inspections.  the  system  is  able  to  remotely  monitor  and  log  temperature,  humidity,  and  air  pressure  so  the  store  is  compliant  with  legislation.  any  change  in  conditions  triggers  notifications  that  are  sent  to  employees  so  corrective  actions  can  be  taken  before  any  food  is  spoiled.  with  this  solution,  retailers  experience  substantial  reduction  in  costs  due  automation  and  reduced
__label__environmentmonitoring food  spoiled.  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  for  retailers  is  the  energy  management  of  their  stores.  retail  stores  have  many  systems  that  consume  a  lot  of  energy,  such  as  lighting,  air  conditioning,  heating  or  cooling  units.  there  is  a  lot  of  room  for  improvement  in  this  area.  for  instance,  in  many  retail  stores  the  temperature  inside  a  store  is  not  balanced  with  the  outside  temperature.  this  leads  to  high  energy  consumption  and  costs  because  the  hvac  system  is  blowing  hot  air  in  the  retail  store  when  it  is  not  needed  since  the  outside  temperature  is  18  or  20  degrees,  or
__label__environmentmonitoring vice  versa.  in  addition,  retailers  notice  that  some  of  their  stores  experience  a  higher  spoilage  rate  for  fruits  and  vegetables  than  others.  the  reason  for  this  seems  to  be  a  temperature  imbalanced  inside  some  of  their  stores.  in  order  to  optimize  instore  energy  management,  we  defined  the  following  use  case:  using  the  bosch  iot  suite  and  environmental  sensors,  retailers  can  monitor  temperature  settings  for  all  their  stores.  based  on  current  weather  conditions,  they  can  adjust  the  instore  hvac  systems  to  meet  the  current  conditions.  they  are  also  able  analyze  temperature  data  across  their  stores  to  see  if  some  stores  need
__label__environmentmonitoring additional  refrigeration  to  reduce  the  amount  of  spoilage  of  fruits  and  vegetables.  the  lack  of  available  parking  spots  can  affect  a  stores  customer  traffic.  if  retailers  can  identify  cars  that  have  been  parked  over  a  long  period  of  time  and  likely  not  belonging  to  customers,  store  personnel  can  take  appropriate  actions  to  discourage  the  practice.  additionally,  a  full  parking  lot  is  an  indication  that  there  are  more  customers  in  the  store.  in  this  use  case,  the  bosch  iot  suite  can  send  a  notification  to  the  store  manager  or  the  information  desk  so  additional  cashiers  can  be  opened  to  reduce  waiting
__label__environmentmonitoring time  and  improve  customer  satisfaction.  the  bosch  iot  suite  is  a  platform  that  facilitates  the  implementation  of  iot  use  cases.  the  two  most  important  goals  for  iot  and  digitalization  in  retail  are  improved  efficiency  to  reduce  costs  and  improved  customer  satisfaction.  these  two  goals  can  be  applied  to  the  diverse  use  cases  and  initiatives  for  iot  projects  in  the  retail  industry.  using  the  bosch  iot  suite,  retail  companies  can  accelerate  their  ability  to  achieve  these  goals.  food  retailers  have  specific  needs  when  it  comes  to  digitization.  read  about  them  in  our  last  blog  post  the  bosch  iot  suite  supports  retailers
__label__environmentmonitoring the  devices  connect  wirelessly  to  the  network  and  are  the  actual  things  in  the  internet  of  things.  a  large  variety  of  certified  device  suppliers  providing  connectivity  options  for  various  solutions  and  services.  measure  liquid  or  solid  level  using  an  ultrasonic  sensor  lorawan  indoor  environmental  sensor  with  voc,  lux  and  co2  measure  soil  health  and  nutrient  levels  mouse  and  rattrap  intelligent  pest  control  long  range  internet  node  for  numerous  applications  miniature  lorawan  gateway  for  home  and  small  office  compact  indoor  device  measuring  temperature,  humidity  and  luminosity  no  coverage?  no  problem.  lorawan  sensor  and  industrial  node  wireless  water  leak  sensor  wireless  occupancy,
__label__environmentmonitoring temperature  light  sensor  arduino  leonardo  with  added  microchip  lorawan  module  no2,  no,  co  compact  sensor  device  measuring  air  quality  and  other  parameters:  pm1.0,  pm2.5,  pm10,  temperature,  humidity,  air  pressure,  luminosity  and  noise  cisco  lorawan  gateway  lora  outdoor  wireless  i/o  module  integrated  lorawan  iot  node  location  tracker  indoor  wireless  transmitter  for  passage  monitoring  giving  iot  connectivity  to  wired  sensors  sx1276  stm32l073x  lorawan  water  meter  amr  lorawan  co2  meter  cattle  tracking  atex  lpg  level  sensor  reporting  01  statuses  and  controlling  relays  noise  monitoring  using  the  internet  of  things  lora  temperature  humidity  sensor  radio  modem  lorawan  orion  meter  insight  in  the  most  important
__label__environmentmonitoring comfort  values  im980a,  lora  module,  lorawan,  us915  smart  parking  presence  lorawan  water  meter  the  4in1  sensor  outdoor  ambient  temperature  monitoring  a  highperforming  compact  wireless  meterbus  rf  module  lorawan  module  lorawan  wireless  2input  dry  contact  interface  quickly  get  your  lora  proof  of  concept  up,  running  and  connected  to  the  cloud  868mhz,  edge  computing,  industrial  iot,  intel  rn2483  lora  longrange  subghz  transceiver  module  the  universal  internet  of  things  sensor  compact  sensor  and  detector  device  covering  temperature,  humidity,  luminosity,  noise,  accelerometer  and  pirbased  motion  detector.  mcf88  lorawan  weather  station  room  sensors  for  measuring  indoor  environment  lora  temperature  sensor  eu868  outdoor  water  detection  lorawan
__label__environmentmonitoring compatible  sensor  device  wireless  3phase  current  meter  3  x  75a  l300  wireless  data  logger  making  lora  cheaper,  more  accessible  and  hackable  using  the  bbc  micro:bit  outdoor  wireless  transmitter  for  420  ma  sensors  making  lora  cheaper,  more  accessible  and  hackable  using  the  raspberry  pi  scalable  lorawan  gateway  for  outdoor  deployments  all  inclusive  even  the  internet  smart  parking  sensor  wireless  remote  positioning  solution  wireless  geomagnetic  vehicle  detector  temperature  and  humidity  really  compatible  with  industrial  iot  requirements  compact  sensor  and  detector  device  covering  temperature,  humidity,  luminosity,  accelerometer  and  pirbased  motion  detector.  compact  demo  kit  for  rapid  proof  of  concept  applications  noncontact  distance  measurement,
__label__environmentmonitoring high  resolution,  ip67  weather  resistant,  ultrasonic  sensor  making  lora  cheaper,  more  accessible  and  hackable  using  the  ardunio  r3000  lg  allows  access  to  various  types  of  lora  application  nodes  measure  temperatures  remotely  monitor  the  main  air  quality  indicators  defined  by  eea  and  epa  vinduino  remote  sensor  station  platform  for  agriculture  irrigation  enterprise  lorawan  gateway  for  mission  critical  deployments  outdoor  event  and  alarm  monitoring  on/off  environment  monitoring  industrial  logistics  lorawan  compatible  sensor  device  outdoor  ultrasonic  height  measurement  indoor  gateway  from  easylinkin  outdoor  water  and  energy  metering  pulse  lora  temperature  sensor  us915  sx1278  stm32l073x  lorawan  ultrasonic  3d  waste  sensor  wireless  outdoor  temperature  humidity
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  valve  measure  the  occupation  of  flexible  workplaces  sensirion  sht21  sensor  with  a  multiplate  radiation  shield  measures  air  temperature  and  humidity  development  kit  to  test  lora  iot  technology  lorawan  class  c  device  slim  exterior  detector  portable,  handheld  endpoint  device  for  conducting  lora  site  surveys  mtdotbox  series  connection  is  everything  environmental  c02  and  temperature  lorawan  usb  /mini  pcie  general  lorawan  devices  for  measuring  analogue  or  digital  signals  2meters  ultrasonic  distance  sensor  with  lorawan  module  wireless  singlephase  current  meter  75a  indoor  ambient  temperature  monitoring,  smart  building  lorawan  compliant  sensor  series  co2  and  temperature  humidity  protect  and  manage  company  or  private  assets  save
__label__environmentmonitoring your  water,  save  your  planet  inexpensive  and  compact  data  logger  pulse  counting,  tic  and  extension  environment  sensing  atex  pulse  sensor  lorawan  indoor  environmental  sensor  with  voc  and  lux  compact  and  versatile  sensor  package,  including  gps,  acceleration  sensor  and  much  more  sentrius  rg1xx  loraenabled  gateway  query  one  or  more  modbus  slaves  lora  and  gnss  wireless  communication  module  save  the  world,  one  beehive  at  a  time  industrial  lorawan  gateway  secure  lora  module,  secure  lora  evaluation  board  lora  module  intelligent  sensing  for  smart  cities  optimize  living  conditions  lorawan  wireless  2input  pulse  counter  agriculture  environment  smartcity  wireless  light  sensor  cross  domain  development  kit  communication
__label__environmentmonitoring is  everything  most  fundamental  and  essential  measurement  in  soil  physics  analog  to  digital  sensor  measures  ambient  temperature  with  no  external  probe  2x  di,  which  can  be  used  as  potentialfree  di  or  s0  input  l500  lorawan  compliant  gateway  support  lorawan  abp/otaa  mode  and  usb  configuration  interface  manages  two  different  power  supplies  differential  pressure  transmitter  pulse868lrw  passive  single  pulse  data  acquisition  skysens  temperature  and  humidity  measurement  device  outdoor  openings  remote  control  long  range  radio  module  lorawan  compliant  gps  tracker  long  range  radio  module  the  future  of  data  logging  12m  wide  angle  single  exterior  detector  integrated  sensor  platform  perfect  to  start  prototyping  without
__label__environmentmonitoring dealing  with  bread  boards,  wires  and  sensors.  sx1278  stm32l073x  lorawan  wireless  3phase  current  meter  3  x  60a  the  revolutionary  lightweight  gps  tracker  environmental  sensor  wing  for  lorawan  technology  interior  passive  infrared  12m  sensor  lorawan,  gateway,  base  station  gateway,  outdoor,  lora  gateway  lorawan  module  lora  temperature  sensor  professional  outdoor  asset  management,  tracking  tracing  lora  bluetooth  gps  the  lora  node  for  general  purpose  power  measurement  and  control  control  of  lights  via  lora  radio  technology  and  dali  interface  8  channels  lora/lorawan  gateway  module  easy  to  configure,  easy  to  use  module  with  lora  central  or  peripheral  ble  lora  data  logger  submersible  level  sensor  with
__label__environmentmonitoring builtin  temperature  sensor  click  board,  lorawan,  433mhz,  868mhz  ultrasonic  sensor  sodaq  lorabee  submersible  level  sensor  indoor  comfort  and  occupancy  monitoring  residential  pulse  meter:  water,  gas,  electricity,  energy  high  mounted  12m  exterior  pir  detector  lorawan  wireless  activity  detection  sensor  lorawan  terminal  outdoor  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  outdoor  gas  and  energy  metering  pulse  atex  certified  rs485  to  lorawan  interface  indoor  gateway  give  all  your  meters  communication  capability  lorawan  compatible  sensor  device  lorawan  wireless  light  sensor  network  coverage  tracking  highperforming  rf  module  suitable  for  a  wide  range  of  iot  applications  lorawan  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  skysens  industrial  bridge  senlab  t  ambient  temperature  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring ip68  smart  building,  smart  lighting,  plc  connect  to  realtime  efficiency  outdoor  gateway  access  point  for  lora  technology  lorawan  to  ip  border  gateway  ic880aspi  compact  ip67  battery  powered  gps  asset  tracking  mpcie  lorawan  concentrator/gateway  card  for  iot  network863928mhz.  lorawan  wireless  05v  adc  sampling  interface  room  sensor  for  measuring  indoor  environment  high  performance  lorawanrfmodules  and  sensors  lorawan  multi  i/o  module  developer  solution  for  increasing  battery  life  of  iot  devices  indoor  event  and  alarm  monitoring  on/off  lorawan  gateway  ip67  conduit  for  outdoor  lora  deployments  mtcdtip  series  868mhz  terminal  lora  state  sensor  lpwan/3g  logger  wireless  geomagnetic  vehicle  detector  development  kit;  868mhz;  modules;  industrial  babbler
__label__environmentmonitoring is  a  nextgeneration  tamper  evident  seal  lora  based  sodaq  board  lorawan  waste  bin  detector  lorawan  wireless  dry  contact  interface  smart  ligthing  868mhz  terminal  lorawan  wireless  vibration  sensor  lora  pulse  sensor  us915  we  connect  things  to  cloud  plug  and  play  lora  certified  tracker  exterior  30m  ir  barrier  lorawan  gps  tracker  kit  temperaturehumiditylux  a  concentrator  solution  in  mini  pcie  form  factor  lorawan  compatible  sensor  device  2x  do  24  vdc/500  ma  modbus  node  for  lorawan  technology  ceiling  based  room  occupancy  smallsized  lora  sodaq  board  lorawan  compliant  sensor  series  pm2.5  and  temperature  humidity  indoor  wireless  transmitter  for  420  ma  sensors  indoor  electricity  metering  optical
__label__environmentmonitoring pulse  tiny  core  lora  iot  sensor  sensor  that  measures  desk  occupancy  a  long  range  radio  extension  board  for  ardunio  measure  the  electrical  current  lorawan  water  meter  amr  lorawan  node  w/rs485,  external  antenna  lorawan  compliant  sensor  series  co  and  temperature  humidity  track  trace  without  charging  a  flexible  and  configurable  battery  operated  ultrasonic  level  sensor  with  an  integrated  lorawan  radio.  lorawan  emitter  for  irrigation  valves  with  inbilt  timer  controller  lorawan  pulse  meter  pulse  sensor  lorawan  wireless  activity  event  counter  lowpower  long  range  lora  technology  transceiver  module  4g  iiot  lora  gateway  waterproof  long  range  wireless  lora  sensor  node  integration  of  systems  and  devices
__label__environmentmonitoring with  modbus  via  lorawan  technology  asset  tracing  solution  lorawan  indoor  environmental  sensor  lora  tester  sentrius  rs1xx  loraenabled  sensors  lorawan  wireless  activity  timer  outdoor  4g  lora  bsu  rak811  utx3117  lorawan  iot  gateway  compact  ip67  battery  powered  gps  asset  tracker  sx1301  lorawan  gateway  module  first  lowcost  antenna  swiss  quality  indoor  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  monitoring  upgradeable  and  multifunction  sensor  monitoring  air  temperature,  relative  humidity  and  air  pressure  really  compatible  with  industrial  iot  requirements  condition  monitoring  with  pt100  lorawan  wireless  1phase  current  meter  2x  ai  010  v/020  ma  co2,  temperature,  humidity,  barometric  pressure,  presence/motion  including  activity  level,  light  intensity,  voc  volatile  organic  compounds
__label__environmentmonitoring outdoor  gateway  from  easylinkin  lorawan  industrial  at  commands  modem  industrial  wireless  microweather  station  indoor  openings  remote  control  wireless  indoor  temperature  humidity  sensor  advantech  lorawan  node  4ai,  2di,  1  do  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  secure,  long  range  rf  modules  mtxdot  series  lorawan  overturning  road  signal  sensor  high  capacity  lorawan  gateway  for  global  deployments  making  lora  cheaper,  more  accessible  and  hackable  using  the  raspberry  pi  lorawan  wireless  reed  switch  open/close  detection  sensor  lorawan  industrial  pressure  sensor  detects  movement  of  an  asset  do  things  lorawan  sx1276  apollo  1  mcu  lorawan  ready  module  for  ism  bands  lorawan  connected  home  and  office  environment  monitoring  lorawan
__label__environmentmonitoring gateway  raspberry  sx1301  accurate  indoor  monitoring  of  temperature,  humidity  and  light  measure  distance  or  range  accurately  using  a  laser  868mhz  /  915mhz  concentrator  gateway  lorawan  industrial  communication  and  control  unit  lorawan  wireless  2input  05v  adc  sampling  interface  interior  infrared  ceiling  mounted  360  pir  sensor  water  level,  electrical  conductivity  and  temperature  hot  tap  water  monitoring  electricity  submetering  multiprotocol  base  station  for  lorawan  networks  simple  acquisition  of  metering  data  lora  based  smart  indoor  environment  monitoring  lorawan  compatible  sensor  device  vehicle  detection  sensors  temperature  and  humidity  low  power  pressure  transmitter  click  board,  lorawan,  915mhz,  industrial  wireless  2gang  thermocouple  sensor  better,  safer,  faster,  smarter
__label__environmentmonitoring long  range  radio  lora  state  sensor  eu868  lorawan  outdoor  environmental  sensor  gateway  outdoor  wireless  mbus  bridge  lpwan/3g  datalogger  2sided  exterior  detector  temperature  and  moisture  sensor  for  climate  monitoring  with  lpn  the  iot  fog  gateway  lorawan  wireless  pulse  counter  interface  ultra  small  module  lora  and  gnss  wireless  communication  module  skysens  soil  moisture  and  temperature  device  secure  an  area  against  burglars.  lorawan  compatible  sensor  device  lorawan  temperature  and  humidity  sensor  mcci  catena  4450  node  for  lorawan  technology  onoff  street  parking  sensor  for  smart  cities  the  atex  certified  lpg  tank  sensor  is  a  flexible  and  configurable  operated  level  sensor  with  an  integrated  lorawan
__label__environmentmonitoring shotspotter  provides  surveillance  technology  for  sound  detection  of  gunshots  and  is  working  with  current  by  ge  to  include  the  sensors  in  smart  streetlights  around  the  world.  the  nypd  is  among  the  police  departments  that  use  shotspotter  technology.  when  a  gunshot  is  fired  in  an  urban  area,  its  often  difficult  for  responding  police  officers  to  determine  exactly  where  it  was  located  and  how  dangerous  the  situation  might  be.  but  surveillance  technology  from  allows  cities  to  triangulate  gunfire  within  10  feet  of  where  it  happened  and  determine  how  many  shooters  there  are  before  the  police  arrive  on  the  scene.  shotspotter  can  be
__label__environmentmonitoring installed  as  a  standalone  device,  and  discreetly  located  on  rooftops  and  other  out  of  sight  areas  to  prevent  tampering.  shotspotters  software  can  also  be  included  in  sensors  installed  in  ges  smart  streetlights  with  current  by  ge.  this  is  part  of  currents  iot  platform  within  cities.  the  first  version  came  out  last  year,  and  the  secondgeneration  sensor  is  launching  early  next  year,  said  austin  ashe,  general  manager  of  intelligent  cities  at  current.  when  we  launch  our  product  next  year  it  will  be  shotspotter  ready.  we  call  it  shotspotter  ready  because  the  city  still  needs  to  go  to  shotspotter  and  say,  hey,
__label__environmentmonitoring we  want  to  turn  on  this  service,  ashe  said.  we  are  already  integrating  shotspotter  into  nodes.  this  is  the  next  generation.  currents  sensors  in  smart  streetlights  will  also  have  environmental,  parking,  and  traffic  nodes  to  provide  data  to  cities  for  realtime  analysis.  the  sensors  already  had  a  gunshot  detection  node  being  added,  but  it  was  missing  some  of  the  essential  elements  that  shotspotter  provides,  including  the  ability  to  instantly  calculate  where  the  gunshot  came  from  and  how  many  shooters  there  are,  ashe  said.  we  talked  about  shotspotter  putting  their  technology  on  our  node.  that  way  when  we  deploy  our  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring throughout  a  city,  the  city  can  literally  turn  on  a  switch  through  the  shotspotter  app  and  get  gunshot  detection  in  a  much  broader  coverage  than  just  the  gun  violence  area  of  a  city.  it  expands  the  entire  gun  detection  network,  ashe  explained.  shotspotter  has  a  new  mobile  app  that  extends  shotspotter  with  realtime  gunfire  alerts  so  that  police  officers  will  have  access  to  the  service  beyond  the  dispatch  office  or  squad  car.  ralph  clark,  ceo  of  shotspotter,  said,  the  thing  weve  come  to  know  about  gun  violence  is  its  significantly  underrecorded.  where  were  deployed  we  know  that  about  80  of
__label__environmentmonitoring gunfire  does  not  get  reported  by  traditional  means  such  as  911.  even  when  those  calls  do  come  in,  they  come  in  2030  minutes  after  the  shots  are  fired.  we  completely  changed  that  narrative  by  reporting  on  all  outdoor  gunfire.  instead  of  1020,  we  report  100,  and  we  send  a  very  precise  location  and  in  nearreal  time  and  were  providing  context,  such  as  multiple  rounds  being  fired  or  a  multiple  shooter  situation,  which  is  a  critically  important  aspect,  clark  said.  the  way  the  device  works,  clark  explained,  is  to  think  of  a  sensor  as  a  computer  with  a  couple  of  additional
__label__environmentmonitoring components  on  it.  a  gps  chip  and  a  machinetomachine  cellular  chip  on  it  to  provide  communication  to  cloudbased  infrastructure.  it  obviously  has  a  couple  of  microphones  on  it,  analog  and  digital  converters,  a  processor,  storage,  and  memory.  its  a  traditional  computer  platform.  the  most  important  component  is  the  time  stamp  that  comes  from  the  gps  chip  because  it  gives  us  very  precise  time  in  a  very  precise  location.  shotspotter  operates  in  90  cities  including  large  cities  such  as  chicago,  new  york,  boston,  san  francisco,  and  washington,  d.c.,  as  well  as  midsized  and  smaller  cities  throughout  the  world.  it  recently  announced
__label__environmentmonitoring new  coverage  for  seven  cities:  miamidade  county  fla.,  san  diego  calif.,  san  antonio  texas,  salinas  calif.,  hillsborough  fla.,  goldsboro  n.c.,  and  cape  town,  south  africa.  theres  also  newly  expanded  coverage  for  seven  cities  already  using  the  gunfire  technology,  including  new  york,  chicago,  fresno  calif.,  and  denver.  birmingham,  alabama  has  been  using  shotspotter  for  nine  years  in  an  eight  square  mile  area  of  the  city,  and  has  recently  expanded  its  gunfire  detection  area  to  cover  a  full  20  square  miles.  shotspotter  is  a  critical  tool  in  our  law  enforcement  operations.  in  fact,  the  shotspotter  system  is  now  part  of  our  dna
__label__environmentmonitoring in  regards  to  reducing  gun  violence  and  improving  the  quality  of  life  in  our  neighborhoods,  said  birmingham  chief  of  police  a.  c.  roper.  the  technology  is  also  used  in  nontraditional  city  deployments,  such  as  at  kruger  national  park  in  south  africa,  where  it  can  protect  against  poaching.  the  sensors  in  kruger  national  park  use  solar  and  battery  power  with  fewer  sensors  per  square  mile  than  in  an  urban  environment.  despite  the  use  of  fewer  sensors,  the  technology  still  identified  two  poaching  incidents  at  kruger;  in  one  case,  the  poacher  was  arrested,  and  in  the  other  incident,  the  poacher  was  not
__label__environmentmonitoring caught,  but  a  baby  rhinoceros  was  saved  after  his  mother  was  stolen.  ashe  said  the  gunshot  detection  sensors  on  the  smart  streetlights  from  current  can  also  detect  other  noise  levels,  and  in  the  future  will  detect  things  such  as  glass  breaking,  car  crashes,  and  spray  paint.  all  of  this  means  we  are  extracting  a  very  unique  set  of  metadata.  heard  a  gunshot,  what  do  we  do  with  that?  heard  glass  break,  what  do  we  do  with  that?  ashe  said,  explaining  that  the  metadata  can  be  used  to  build  apps  to  correlate  with  the  information  being  gathered.  there  are  a  couple
__label__environmentmonitoring of  companies  looking  at  taking  the  shotspotter  data  and  cross  correlating  it  with  the  camera  sensors  and  with  the  pedestrian  and  vehicle  metadata  so  that  we  can  learn  more  about  where  did  this  shooter  come  from,  where  did  they  go,  did  anyone  escape,  is  there  anyone  on  the  ground.  we  can  give  more  information  than  anyone  ever  had  before,  ashe  said.  be  in  the  know  about  smart  cities,  ai,  internet  of  things,  vr,  autonomous  driving,  drones,  robotics,  and  more  of  the  coolest  tech  innovations.  delivered  wednesdays  and  fridays  teena  maddox  is  associate  managing  editor  at  techrepublic.  she  oversees  techrepublics  news
__label__environmentmonitoring cnet  tambin  est  disponible  en  espaol.  dont  show  this  again  ssts  shotspotter  pinpoints  outdoor,  urban  gunshots  for  law  enforcement  agencies.  now  its  moving  indoors  with  a  service  for  schools.  there  are  amusing  ideas  for  the  internet  of  things  netconnected  houseplants,  for  example.  but  lest  you  think  hooking  just  about  everything  up  to  the  internet  is  silly  or  scifi,  consider  this  more  serious  example:  telling  police  exactly  where  in  a  city  somebody  has  just  started  shooting.  a  company  called  sst  has  been  doing  that  with  technology  called  that  spreads  an  array  of  computerpowered  microphones  across  a  city.  they  notice  the  sharp
__label__environmentmonitoring crack  of  outdoor  gunfire,  then  send  the  data  to  a  computer  that  calculates  just  where  the  shots  were  fired  based  on  how  long  it  took  the  audio  signal  to  reach  the  microphones.  at  the  same  time,  miniaturization  means  that  the  internet  of  things  is  spreading,  and  that  means  changes  to  how  we  live  our  increasingly  datainfused  lives.  one  example:  sst  is  expanding  its  services  so  it  can  detect  not  just  outdoor  shootings,  but  also  indoor  incidents  so  tragically  seen  at  schools  in  and  .  this  system  is  meant  to  be  an  automatic  fire  alarm  for  activeshooter  situations,  said  sst  chief
__label__environmentmonitoring executive  ralph  clark.  when  the  sensors  detect  gunfire,  they  send  audio  data  to  the  company.  sst  screeners  check  the  data  to  make  sure  it  really  is  gunfire  then  notify  police  of  where  the  incident  occurred.  police  usually  get  the  report  within  30  to  45  seconds  of  the  incident  beginning.  sst  was  founded  in  1995,  close  to  two  decades  before  the  term  internet  of  things  became  the  big  tech  buzzword  it  is  today.  sst  was  ahead  of  the  curve,  but  the  curve  is  catching  up.  the  changes  that  make  the  internet  of  things  a  real  technological  trend  smaller  computer  chips  with
__label__environmentmonitoring lower  power  consumption  and  cheaper  networking  abilities  also  make  ssts  indoor  monitoring  service  possible.  shotspotter  only  works  in  outdoor  areas  where  the  sound  of  gunfire  isnt  muffled  by  buildings  and  therefore  carries  long  distances,  with  15  or  20  sensors  per  square  mile.  but  a  different  approach  is  needed  for  securecampus.  indoor  sensors  need  to  be  lowcost  and  lowprofile,  clark  said.  and  now  they  are  small  enough  to  be  powered  by  the  ethernet  network  cables  that  also  transmit  their  data  to  rooftop  sensors.  those  outdoor  sensors  monitor  for  outdoor  shots  and  are  equipped  with  mobilenetwork  uplinks.  that  means  that  in  addition
__label__environmentmonitoring to  more  than  80  cities  that  use  shotspotter,  one  high  school  and  one  university  so  far  have  signed  up  for  securecampus,  clark  said.  the  is  a  broad  term  that  began  with  the  idea  of  scads  of  sensors  connected  to  the  net  things  like  thermometers  and  air  pressure  sensors  for  weather  stations,  water  pressure  gauges  in  municipal  water  supply  pipes,  or  vehicle  detectors  at  traffic  lights  and  weigh  stations.  these  devices  communicate  to  computers  that  process  the  incoming  data  and  take  actions  accordingly  thus  the  term  machine  to  machine,  or  m2m,  thats  closely  related  to  internet  of  things.  but  the  meaning
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  internet  of  things  has  ,  encompassing  consumer  technology  like  home  security  systems,  smartwatches,  smoke  detectors,  and  pet  trackers.  analyst  firm  gartner  forecast  in  march  that  there  will  be  ,  and  those  devices  will  provide  the  foundation  for  300  billion  in  spending  that  year.  some  of  that  will  be  spent  on  devices,  but  most  will  go  toward  services,  gartner  expects.  thats  music  to  the  ears  of  companies  like  sst  as  well  as  att  and  verizon,  which  sell  sst  access  to  their  mobile  networks.  att  is  a  us  company,  but  its  got  partnerships  with  other  carriers  so  its  customers  can
__label__environmentmonitoring use  networks  in  dozens  of  countries.  we  have  an  increasing  number  of  international  deployments,  said  mike  troiano,  vice  president  of  atts  advanced  mobility  solutions  group.  companies  often  put  sim  cards  in  products  like  cars,  tractors,  and  jet  engines,  he  said.  whether  or  not  it  turns  on  in  the  us,  it  starts  sending  engine  diagnostics  or  reports  whats  happening.  att  also  offers  consulting  services  to  those  who  would  link  equipment  beyond  the  usual  mobile  phones  to  its  network,  testing  products  for  things  like  antenna  performance  and  reliability  in  harsh  outdoor  conditions.  we  have  in  excess  of  17  million  wirelessly  connected  machines
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  network,  troiano  said,  up  from  15.2  million  a  year  earlier.  a  fraction  of  those  are  ssts  shotspotter  microphones.  it  lists  more  than  80  cities  as  customers.  most  are  in  the  united  states,  including  miami,  milwaukee,  boston,  oakland,  and  washington,  d.c.,  but  some  are  in  other  countries,  including  rio  de  janeiro  in  brazil.  at  50,000  to  75,000  per  square  mile  per  year,  the  shotspotter  service  isnt  cheap,  but  better  mobile  networks  and  sensor  technology  have  brought  costs  down  from  earlier  days,  clark  said.  the  company  hasnt  revealed  pricing  for  securecampus,  which  it  launched  only  this  year.  sst  also  has
__label__environmentmonitoring a  solarpowered  shotspotter  network  atop  trees  in  kruger  national  park  in  south  africa  to  help  authorities  find  rhino  poaching  events  by  faster  means  than  looking  for  flocks  of  vultures.  wilderness  areas  can  be  large,  but  kruger  national  park  actually  has  good  mobile  network  coverage,  and  fewer  microphones  are  needed  for  a  given  area  because  there  arent  buildings  to  complicate  sound  travel  with  reflections.  the  outdoor  shotspotter  network  filters  out  false  positives  like  backfiring  engines  and  fireworks,  and  it  sends  short  audio  recordings  to  people  who  check  to  make  sure  suspected  gunfire  reports  are  actual  gunfire.  the  indoor  system  uses  different
__label__environmentmonitoring microphones  that  just  detect  a  couple  of  frequencies  of  sound  needed  to  distinguish  gunshots,  potentially  supplemented  with  infrared  light  detectors  that  can  recognize  the  heat  of  a  muzzle  blast.  the  technology  cant  distinguish  between  types  of  guns,  but  it  can  tell  police  when  automaticweapon  fire  is  being  used  and  reveal  the  location  of  multiple  shooters.  itll  also  reveal  how  many  rounds  were  fired,  clark  said.  the  company  keeps  track  of  local  statistics  that  can  reveal  cities  trouble  spots  and  countrywide  statistics  that  reveal  the  extent  of  gunfire  in  the  us.  in  2013,  the  company  logged  more  than  51,000  rounds  of
__label__environmentmonitoring ammunition  fired  illegally.  its  tracking  is  useful  not  just  because  it  alerts  police  rapidly  when  and  where  theres  gunfire,  but  also  because  it  finds  problems  that  often  go  unreported,  clark  said.  in  some  areas  it  monitors,  less  than  10  percent  of  gunfire  shotspotter  detects  is  reported.  for  that  reason,  the  company  hopes  not  just  law  enforcement  agencies  will  be  interested  in  its  data,  but  also  research  organizations  such  as  the  urban  institute.  to  aggregate  that  data  and  analyze  it  could  bring  a  completely  new  narrative  to  gun  violence  that  hadnt  been  available  before,  clark  said.  be  respectful,  keep  it  civil
__label__environmentmonitoring local  municipalities  are  increasingly  turning  to  smart  city  technology  to  reduce  public  crime  through  efforts  such  as  connected  lighting,  targeted  surveillance  and  data  assets.  one  of  the  more  innovative  smart  solutions  is  a  gunshot  detection,  acoustic  surveillance  technology  that  uses  sensorsto  detect,  locate  and  alert  law  enforcement  agencies  of  illegal  gunfire  incidents  in  real  time.  i  spoke  to  ceo,ralph  a.  clark  to  learn  more.  shotspotter  uses  acoustic  sensors  that  are  strategically  placed  in  an  array  of  1520  sensors  per  square  mile  in  order  to  reliably  detect  and  accurately  triangulate  gunshot  activity.  each  sensor  captures  the  precise  time,  location,  and  audio
__label__environmentmonitoring snippet  associated  with  boom  and  bang  sounds  impulsive  noise  that  may  represent  a  gunshot.  this  data  is  first  filtered  by  sophisticated  machine  algorithms  that  are  then  further  qualified  by  experts  at  the  247  incident  review  center  at  shotspotter  to  ensure  the  events  are  in  fact  gunfire.  as  clark  explained:  we  have  machine  classification  techniques  that  we  use  that  can  automatically  filter  out  local  noises  thatarent  gunshots.  and  then  we  process  the  data  through  our  incident  review  center.  typically  gunfire  can  be  heard  as  far  away  as  a  mile,  unlike  fireworks  and  car  backfire  its  a  very  distinctnoise  that  has  certain
__label__environmentmonitoring sharpness  and  features  thatwe  can  extract.  then  theresalso  the  idea  of  how  our  sensors  participate  in  the  solution.  with  gunfire  you  frequently  find  that  the  sensorparticipation  is  directional.  so,  it  typically  happens  in  a  northeastfashion  versus  a  firework  which  tends  to  be  much  more  omnidirectional  and  where  the  sensor  participation  will  be  360  degrees.  additionally,  shotspotter  can  append  the  alert  with  any  other  critical  intelligence  such  as  whether  a  fully  automatic  weapon  was  fired.  this  process  takes  less  than  45  seconds  between  the  actual  shooting  and  the  digital  alert  with  a  precise  location  dot  on  a  map  popping  onto  the
__label__environmentmonitoring screen  of  a  computer  in  the  911  call  center.  clark  noted  that  shotspotter  had  two  different  use  cases:  one  is  kind  of  a  policing,  public  safety  solution.  which  you  think  of  in  terms  of  square  miles  of  coverage.  to  deal  with  ongoing,  urbanviolence.  the  other  use  case  is  security  use  case  where  you  are  covering  much  smaller  area  and  more  concerned  with  the  unthinkable  happening  like  an  such  on  a  school  campus.its  more  of  an  alarm  type  of  solution  for  the  rare,  if  ever,  event  of  an  active  shooter,  and  i  would  say  our  technology  worked  very  well  in  both
__label__environmentmonitoring those  situations,  i  mean  were  in  the  business  of  detecting,  locating  and  alerting  on  gun  violence  in  real  time  and  theres  no  other  company  in  the  world  that  has  our  amount  of  experience  dealing  in  this  area  in  the  urban  environment.  i  was  curious  to  learn  about  how  the  detection  of  gun  activity  could  reduce  the  incidence  of  gun  violence.  as  clark  discussed:  when  you  understand  how  pervasive  the  problem  of  gun  violence  is  in  many  of  our  cities,  theres  certainly  a  deterrent  aspect  when  you  can  can  expect  a  very  quick  and  precise  response  anytime  someone  fires  a  gun.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  means  that  communities  suffering  from  gun  violence  now  begun  to  see  a  much  more  precise,  more  coordinated  respectful  response  by  police  to  the  event.  it  changes  the  relationship  because  now  you  have  communities  that  arent  afraid  to  provide  that  little  bit  of  insight  or  intelligence  of  who  they  think  might  be  involved  in  these  situations  and  help  police  identify  and  intercept  them  before  they  hurt  and  kill  somebody.  the  other  thing  about  gun  violence  that  is  not  very  well  understood  by  most  people  is  that  actually  very  few  people  that  are  driving  most  of  the  gunfire.  this  is  not
__label__environmentmonitoring a  problem  of  an  entire  community  where  everybody  has  a  gun  and  everybody  shooting.  its  more  likely  the  case  that  60  to  70  percent  of  the  gun  violence  being  perpetrated  by  a  handful  of  individuals.  like  10  or  20  people,  and  to  deter  and  prevent  and  intercept  even  a  small  number  of  those  even  smaller  number  of  folks  that  are  involved  means  we  see  a  reduction  in  shooting.  in  new  york  alone,  since  deploying  shotspotter  in  march  2015,  shotspotter  provided  1,672  alerts  on  where  guns  went  off,  74  of  which,  werent  reported  by  911.  cops  said  shotspotter  helped  recover  32
__label__environmentmonitoring firearms,  including  13  on  cases  with  no  911  call,  and  has  led  to  21  arrests.  eight  of  those  arrests  had  no  911  call.  currently,  federal  homicide  prosecutors  are  using  shotspotter  analysis  and  evidence  to  determine  if  a  gunshot  has,  or  has  not  occurred,  the  location  of  the  gunshot,  and  the  precise  location  of  the  shooting.  sst  has  been  admissible  in  court  cases  in  17  states  as  well  as  in  federal  court.  financially,  shotspotter  is  funded  through  city  and  police  budgets  and  often  theresfunding  that  comes  from  different  federal  agencies  like  the  atf,  department  of  homeland  security,  or  even  hive  they
__label__environmentmonitoring have  funds  for  security  that  they  use  to  make  safer  neighborhoods.  currently,  its  deployed  in  over  90  cities  around  the  world  including  san  francisco,  kansas  city,  and  boston.  interestingly,  the  company  has  also  been  doing  some  work  on  conservation  in  africa  to  deter  rhino  poaching  and  blast  fishing  where  explosives  are  uses  in  place  of  nets  or  fishing  line,  in  effect  killing  the  coral  reef  as  well  as  the  sea  life.  shotspotter  is  a  great  example  of  how  sensor  technology  and  data  analytics  can  respond  to  a  complex  social  problem.
__label__environmentmonitoring with  decades  of  experience  in  the  development  and  delivery  of  military  gunshot  detection  technology  behind  them,  our  performancecertified  gunshot  detection  systems  are  designed  to  work  with  leading  security  technologies  and  are  installed  and  supported  by  a  trusted  network  of  systems  integrators.  incorporates  the  worlds  finest  acoustic  gunshot  identification  software  and  combines  it  with  infrared  gunfire  flash  detection  to  produce  the  highest  performing,  fully  automatic,  and  most  accurate  gunshot  detection  technology  available  today.  the  guardian  system  is  certified  by  us  and  uk  government  authorities  and  trusted  by  our  customers  in  corporate,  school,  government,  and  other  private  and  public  venues  across  the
__label__environmentmonitoring globe.  combines  stateoftheart  shooter  detection  technology  with  an  advanced  situational  awareness  system  that  reports  hostile  shooter  activity  in  under  a  second.  proven  in  the  battlefield  and  trusted  to  protect  critical  infrastructure,  boomerang  is  an  ideal  solution  for  critical  asset  protection  against  shooterbased  threats  allowing  for  a  rapid,  informed,  and  coordinated  response.  with  decades  of  experience  in  the  development  and  delivery  of  military  gunshot  detection  technology  behind  them,  our  performancecertified  indoor  gunshot  detection  systems  are  designed  to  work  with  leading  security  technologies,  installed  and  supported  by  a  trusted  network  of  systems  integrators  to  deliver  the  highest  performing  life  safety  solutions  available
__label__environmentmonitoring to  our  customers.  adding  gunshot  detection  sensors  to  automate  critical  messaging  the  second  a  shot  is  fired  is  an  ideal  integrated  solution.  we  know  we  can  trust  this  system  when  seconds  count.  were  concerned  that  if  an  active  shooter  enters  our  5.1m  square  foot  facility  and  were  on  the  other  side  of  the  building  where  we  cant  hear  it,  our  employees  call  911  before  we  even  know  whats  happening.  we  like  your  solution  because  we  will  know  immediately  and  be  able  to  respond  from  within.  we  have  an  entire  active  shooter  response  protocol  and  have  done  extensive  training  with  our
__label__environmentmonitoring security  staff  and  personnel.  your  product  is  the  missing  link  to  confidently  initiate  these  protocols  without  it  we  dont  really  know.  our  employees  asked  us  to  take  action,  and  we  did.  they  feel  safer  and  were  more  confident  about  our  ability  to  respond  to  an  active  shooter  situation.  with  millions  of  hours  of  use,  the  guardian  indoor  active  shooter  detection  system  has  delivered  a  100  detection  rate  without  a  single  false  alert  a  perfect  operational  record.  we  pair  our  performancecertified  gunshot  detection  systems  with  industryleading  security  technologies  and  provide  our  customers  with  integrated,  endtoend  solutions  for  managing  gunshot  events  and
__label__environmentmonitoring empower  building  occupants  and  first  responders  with  critical  information  to  immediately  address  the  threat.  the  guardian  indoor  active  shooter  detection  system  the  guardian  indoor  active  shooter  detection  system  the  guardian  indoor  active  shooter  detection  system  best  active  shooter  gunshot  detection  system  best  gunshot  detection  solution  1  fieldproven  fire/life  safety  solution  feel  free  to  use  the  contact  form  if  you  have  any  questions  or  requests.  for  more  information,  there  is  no  more  valuable  resource  than  one  of  our  gunshot  detection  specialists.  as  every  security  assessment  presents  unique  challenges,  our  team  is  positioned  to  listen  to  your  needs  and  help  you  deploy
__label__environmentmonitoring the  most  effective  gunshot  detection  system  available  today.  15  years  of  gunshot  detection  experience  certified  by  us,  uk,  and  aus,  authorities  on  homeland  security  protecting  over  250,000  employees  in  hundreds  of  fortune  500  sites  across  the  u.s.  when  it  comes  to  life  safety  good  enough  is  not  enough  for  sds.
__label__environmentmonitoring an  array  of  acoustic  sensors  perchatop  roofs  and  light  poles,  listening  for  any  disturbances  to  the  ambient  rhythms  of  theurban  milieu.it  might  sound  like  just  another  way  ,  but  this  is  not  an  art  installation.  its  afront  line  inthe  datadrivenbattle  to  stem  gun  violence  in  major  cities,and  its  rolling  tape  around  the  world  as  law  enforcement  takes  to  and  similar  gunfiredetectiontechnologies.  the  idea  is  simple:  reducethetime  it  takes  policeto  safely  and  effectively  respond  to  incidents  involving  firearms.the  clandestinesensor  system  behindsomething  likeshotspotter  picks  up  the  sound  of  a  shotfiredbefore  triangulatingthe  location  of  thatshotusing  gps,  and  then  pingingdispatch,  who  gets  a  unit
__label__environmentmonitoring headed  to  the  scene,all  in  about  10  seconds.  at  least  thats  the  idea.  to  hear  sst  tell  it,  the  advantage  to  using  shotspotter  is  that  it  offerssocalled  wide  area  protection,  which  is  to  say  it  picks  up  a  broaderrange  of  sonic  concussionsthan,  say,  a  sensorarray  that  offers  only  whats  known  as  pointprotection,  the  sortcommonly  used  in  swat  and  military  applications  to  pick  up  faraway  rifle  fire.  as  such,  shotspotter  is  ideally  suited  forcivilian  and  critical  infrastructure.from  :  unlike  countersniper  sensors  which  can  only  measure  a  limited  range  of  soundsthe  supersonic  signature  of  a  snipers  round  with  a  known  ballistic  coefficientssts
__label__environmentmonitoring wide  area  protection  system  measures  the  full  range  of  impulsive  sounds  sounds  which  are  explosive  in  nature  found  in  urban  weaponry,  from  sub  and  supersonic  impulses  to  explosions.  so  when  the  arraypicks  up  a  shots,  it  tells  youwhere  the  gun  was  fired  right  down  to  exact  latitude/longitude  and  street  address;how  many  shots  were  fired,  and  at  what  time;  the  position  of  the  shooter  and  if  hes  moving,  how  fast  and  in  what  direction;  and  for  later  use,  gunfire  incident  history  and  pattern  analysis,  the  site  adds.  a  slew  of  urban  centers,  some  notorious  for  high  rates  ofgun  violence,  are  dabbling
__label__environmentmonitoring with  this  sort  of  hidden  web  ofintelligent  gunshotsensors.shotspotter  has  popped  up  in  places  like  chicago,  san  francisco,  miami,  boston,  in  puerto  rico,  rio  de  janeiro,  and,  most  recently,  ,  where  acoustic  sensors  will  be  strategically  positioned  to  listen  in  ona  15mile  swath  of  the  city.  the  city  isnt  saying  exactly  which  parts  of  the  citywill  be  recorded.  at  least  300  acoustic  sensors  cover20  square  miles  of  washington,  dc,  where  roughly  39,000  separate  gunfire  incidents  have  caught  the  unseen  ears  of  the  capitals  shotspotter  system,as  the  washington  post  late  last  year.shotspotter  is  also  now  .  at  face  value,  you  can  see
__label__environmentmonitoring how  something  like  shotspotter  would  be  attractive  to  law  enforcement  in  places  like  chicago,  nyc,  rio,  and  beyond,  cities  that  havereached  a  whateverittakes  moment  in  reducing  gunrelated  killings,  which  disproportionately  seem  to  affect  the  young  and  the  poor.  but  as  with  thepromise  of  most  any  other  reputed  magic  technobullet,its  just  not  that  easy.  theres  the  problem  ofupkeep,  for  one.logistically,  operating  and  maintaining  this  type  of  citywide  soundsystem  requires  a  lot  of  attention,  to  say  nothing  of  funds.as  my  colleague  dj  pangburn  ,  acity  contractor  would  have  to  set  up  all  of  the  equipment  and  ensure  constant  connectivity.  takea  city  like
__label__environmentmonitoring birmingham,  england,which  pulled  the  plug  on  its  shotspotter  arraywhen  officials  reported  technical  difficulties,  as  .  west  midlands  police  said  in  august  2012  that  only  twogunfire  incidents,  from  1,618  total  alerts  produced  by  their  web,were  ever  confirmed,  according  to  the  bbc.  the  trouble  didnt  stop  there:  shotspotter  had  also  missed  four  confirmed  shootings.its  conclusion  was  that  resources  would  be  best  spent  elsewhere.ch  supt  clive  burgess  said  the  system  had  struggled  to  work  and  that  in  future  officers  would  instead  focus  on  daytoday  community  policing,  antigun  education  programmes  and  the  work  of  the  countergang  task  force.  theres  also  the  problem  of  privacy.
__label__environmentmonitoring according  to  the  bbc,  certain  birmingham  residents  voiced  concerns  about  their  conversationsbeing  inadvertently  scooped  up  by  the  shortlived  acoustic  array.  police  did  their  best  to  assuage  those  fears,  but  in  the  end,  was  seemingly  too  much  for  officials  to  throw  their  weight  against.  after  all,  something  like  spotshotters  technologycould  without  too  much  effort  be  patchedinto  the  predictive  policing  trend  writ  large.  its  not  hard  to  imagine  ways  to  improve  a  system  like  shotspotter,  writes  researcher  .in  his  view,  rather  than  detecting  gun  shots,new  and  smart  systems  could  hone  in  on  those  sounds  that  in  the  past  wouldve  blipped  on  the
__label__environmentmonitoring acoustic  array  before  a  gun  was  fired.  per  morozov:  this  is  where  the  techniques  and  ideologies  of  big  data  make  another  appearance,  promising  that  a  greater,  deeper  analysis  of  data  about  past  crimes,  combined  with  sophisticated  algorithms,  can  predict  and  prevent  future  ones.  its  the  epitome  of  solutionism;  there  is  hardly  a  better  example  of  how  technology  and  big  data  can  be  put  to  work  to  solve  the  problem  of  crime  by  simply  eliminating  crime  altogether.  hes  got  a  point,  because  the  scale  is  just  about  there.after  all,  shotspotter  arrays  have  gone  live,  at  one  point  or  another,  in  over
__label__environmentmonitoring 70  us  cities.  but  for  now,  perhapsthe  biggest  thing  we  have  to  worry  about,  before  the  days  of  frantic  doortodoor,  backyardtobackyard  searches  by  cops  looking  for  suspected  gunnersare  truly  behind  us,isthe  underreporting  of  gunfire  among  residents  who  live  under  hidden  webs  of  microphones.  ,  which  turned  on  its  shotspotter  array  in  2012.  over  the  recent  fourth  of  july  weekend  in  the  second  city,  81  people  were  hitin  21  separate  shootings,  .at  least  14  people  died.
__label__environmentmonitoring i  built  a  gunshot  detection  system  for  indoor  use  using  raspberry  pi  pi  and  multiple  arduino  sensor  units  asu  connected  in  a  local  area  network  to  provide  an  accurate  early  warning  in  case  of  a  shooting.  each  asu  consists  of  microphone,  high  pressure  and  low  pressure  sensors.  a  gunshot  produces  a  loud  sound  and  a  shock  wave  that  can  be  measured  by  asus  with  software  i  wrote  arduino  ide.  the  software  also  enables  asus  to  send  microphone,  high  and  low  pressure  readings  to  pi.  i  built  an  artificial  neural  network  model  using  googles  tensorflow  on  pi.  this  is  a  fully
__label__environmentmonitoring connected  ann  with  1  input  layer,  1  hidden  layer  with  8  nodes,  and  an  output  layer  with  3  outputs.  the  input  layer  accepts  3  inputs  microphone,  high  pressure  and  low  pressure  readings  from  asus.  the  output  layer  provides  probabilities  of  rifle  gunshot,  handgun  shot  or  no  shot.  to  build  the  model,  i  divided  my  data  into  training  and  test  datasets.  i  trained  my  model  with  training  data  and  evaluated  against  test  data,  achieving  an  accuracy  of  99.4.  the  model  can  also  differentiate  between  a  rifle  shot  and  a  handgun  shot.  pi  continuously  scans  asus  with  software  i  wrote  python  and
__label__environmentmonitoring feeds  data  to  the  model.  if  a  gunshot  is  detected,  it  raises  alarm  and  sends  warning  texts  and  emails  providing  much  needed  early  warning.  i  hope  this  system  will  help  save  lives  and  i  am  currently  exploring  opportunities  to  make  it  available  to  schools  and  businesses  for  user  trials.  about  31  of  mass  shootings  worldwide  take  place  in  the  united  states,  and  this  percentage  is  only  increasing.  this  is  a  horrific  problem  we  all  endure  as  a  mass  shooting  occurs  about  every  60  days.  in  addition,  the  majority  of  mass  shootings  occur  indoorsin  businesses  and  schoolswhich  makes  this  problem  even
__label__environmentmonitoring more  tragic  and  personal  to  me  because  i  am  a  student.  i  can  only  imagine  what  my  fellow  students  must  go  through  when  such  an  event  occurs  in  their  school.  i  wanted  to  do  something  about  this  problem  by  inventing  a  detection  system  that  can  provide  an  early  warning  to  the  police/authorities  so  they  can  save  lives  much  more  quickly  during  a  mass  shooting.  open  for  applications  deadline  for  applications  judging  to  select  finalists  finalists  announced  awards  ceremony  at  ces,  lvcc  n257,  las  vegas  open  for  applications  deadline  for  applications  judging  to  select  finalists  finalists  announced  awards  ceremony  at  ces,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  technology  will  being  tested  in  an  area  of  colorado  springs  with  the  highest  reports  of  gunfire.  tns  colorado  springs  police  are  working  with  federal  agencies  to  see  if  a  militarygrade  technology  can  help  combat  gun  violence.  the  firefly  gunshot  detection  system,  similar  to  a  program  used  in  other  u.s.  cities,  is  a  network  of  acoustic  sensors  that  detects  when  a  shot  is  fired,  pinpoints  the  location  of  the  gunfire  and  immediately  notifies  police,  said  police  spokesman  lt.  howard  black.  alabamabased  invariant  worked  with  several  government  defense  research  organizations  to  develop  the  technology  to  detect  hostile  fire  during  military  operations,
__label__environmentmonitoring according  to  the  army  aviation  and  missile  research,  development  and  engineering  center.  now,  colorado  springs  police  are  working  with  the  federal  bureau  of  alcohol,  tobacco,  firearms  and  explosives  and  the  u.s.  department  of  defense  to  adapt  the  system  for  civilian  law  enforcement.  as  part  of  a  pilot  program,  officials  have  installed  the  network  of  sensors  near  the  valley  hi  neighborhood  and  east  fountain  boulevard  and  south  chelton  road  the  intersection  that  has  the  highest  reports  of  gunfire  in  the  city,  according  to  police.  the  system,  which  officials  tested  using  live  fire  on  tuesday,  has  been  designed  so  that  it  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  moved  to  other  areas  of  the  city,  black  said.  police  hope  that,  because  dispatchers  will  be  immediately  notified  of  gunfire  instead  of  relying  on  residents  reports,  police  will  be  able  to  respond  to  more  shootings,  get  to  the  scene  faster  and  make  more  gunrelated  arrests,  black  said.  were  also  hopeful  that  ...  people  will  really  think  twice  before  they  make  an  inappropriate  choice  of  pulling  that  trigger  that  they  might  have  a  criminal  consequence  because  of  that  technology,  he  said.  the  system  may  also  help  authorities  retrieve  more  ammo  casings  for  a  national  network  of  ballistic  evidence  thats  used
__label__environmentmonitoring to  solve  crimes,  said  atf  spokeswoman  mary  markos.  the  system  is  similar  to  another  gunshot  detection  program  called  shotspotter  that  cities  can  pay  to  subscribe  to;  however,  the  firefly  wont  cost  the  city,  black  said.  shotspotter  is  in  use  in  more  than  90  cities  across  the  country,  including  new  york  city,  chicago  and  denver.  the  californiabased  companys  website  boasts  of  dramatic  decreases  in  gunfire  and  increases  in  gunrelated  arrests  in  areas  that  use  the  system.  denver  channel  7  reported  in  april  that  since  denver  police  began  using  shotspotter  in  early  2015  it  has  lead  to  102  arrests  and  the  recovery
__label__environmentmonitoring of  more  than  80  guns.  shotspotters  twoyear  contract  with  the  city  is  worth  nearly  2  million,  according  to  channel  7.  but  critics  have  questioned  whether  the  shotspotter  system  can  actually  help  police  catch  or  deter  more  criminals.  some  communities  have  discontinued  the  program  amid  concerns  related  to  its  cost  and  effectiveness,  according  to  multiple  media  reports.  a  2016  forbes  magazine  analysis  of  data  from  seven  participating  cities  found  that  police  were  unable  to  find  evidence  of  gunshots  30  to  70  percent  of  the  time  after  shotspotter  alerts.  2018  the  gazette  colorado  springs,  colo.  distributed  by  tribune  content  agency,  llc.  security
__label__environmentmonitoring teams  are  under  constant  pressure  to  defend  against  cyberattacks,  turning  every  it  environment  into  a  battlefield.  whats  the  best  way  to  fight  back?  discover  three  steps  to  help  you  create  a  winning  strategy.  3  smart  city  development  phases  workforce  preparation  efforts  and  strategies  will  only  be  successful  if  special  attention  is  paid  to  the  underprivileged  and  minority  populations  in  schools.
__label__environmentmonitoring terrell  ortiz  was  of  his  white  nissan  altima  parked  in  the  bushwick  neighborhood  of  brooklyn,  new  york,  when  a  man  suspected  of  being  a  rival  gang  member  walked  up  to  ortizs  window,  shot  him  multiple  times,  and  fled.  at  the  same  moment,  three  rooftop  microphones  picked  up  the  sounds  of  the  shots  and  sent  them  to  a  computer  at  the  new  york  police  dept.  and  to  a  person  in  california.  together,  they  confirmed  the  noises,  figured  out  their  location,  and  dispatched  police  within  minutes.  ortiz,  26,  was  rushed  to  a  nearby  hospital  and  later  pronounced  dead.  the  shooter  was  never
__label__environmentmonitoring found.  the  technology  responsible  for  alerting  the  nypd  to  ortizs  shooting  is  known  as  shotspotter,  whose  16yearold  parent  company  on  june  7.  in  more  than  90  cities  across  the  us,  including  new  york,  microphones  placed  strategically  around  highcrime  areas  pick  up  the  sounds  of  gunfire  and  alert  police  to  the  shootings  location  via  dots  on  a  city  map.  the  technology  builds  on  existing  surveillance  tools,  many  of  which  are  aging,  grainyvideo  cameras  that  dont  record  sound  and  produce  footage  officers  review  only  after  a  crime  has  been  committed.  shotspotter  also  sends  alerts  to  apps  on  cops  phones.  weve  gone  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  dot  and  found  the  casings  11  feet  from  where  the  dot  was,  according  to  the  gps  coordinates,  capt.  david  salazar  of  the  milwaukee  police  dept.  told  business  insider.  so  its  incredibly  helpful.  weve  saved  a  lot  of  peoples  lives.  when  three  microphones  pick  up  a  gunshot,  shotspotter  figures  out  where  the  sound  comes  from.  human  analysts  in  the  newark,  california,  headquarters  confirm  the  noise  came  from  a  gun  not  a  firecracker  or  some  other  source.  the  police  can  then  locate  the  gunshot  on  a  map  and  investigate  the  scene.  the  whole  process  happens  much  faster  than  dialing  911,  salazar
__label__environmentmonitoring said,  though  he  wouldnt  disclose  the  exact  time.  in  theory,  this  allows  departments  to  do  a  couple  things.  on  the  one  hand,  it  lets  them  respond  more  quickly  to  isolated  incidents.  but  it  also  lets  them  deploy  more  resources  in  areas  with  serial  shooters,  or  small  clusters  of  criminals  who  make  up  the  bulk  of  a  given  areas  crime,  according  to  shotspotter  ceo  ralph  clark.  but  as  ortizs  death  and  his  assailants  getaway  highlight,  the  company  still  struggles  to  sell  its  value  in  concrete  terms.  its  up  to  individual  departments  to  collect  and  analyze  their  own  data,  and  not  all
__label__environmentmonitoring agencies  take  as  much  initiative  as  the  mpd.  some  data  indicate  the  technology  still  needs  finetuning.  last  year,  through  a  data  analysis  of  more  than  twodozen  cities  using  the  program,  in  30  to  70  of  cases,  police  found  no  evidence  of  a  gunshot  when  they  arrived.  still,  clark  says  the  programs  greatest  value  comes  in  its  ability  to  deter  people  from  committing  gun  violence  in  the  future.  in  a  ,  he  compared  shotspotter  to  the  story  of  moneyball,  in  which  pro  baseball  teams  systematically  overvalue  certain  traits  in  their  players.  in  clarks  analogy,  homicides  are  home  runs  overrated  and  crime
__label__environmentmonitoring deterrence  is  onbase  percentage  underrated.  clark  says  this  approach  has  been  effective  enough  for  departments  to  renew  their  contracts  with  the  company.  theyre  getting  value  out  of  it,  clark  told  business  insider.  its  aiding  their  investigations.  its  enabling  them  to  better  serve  communities  by  better  showing  up.  salazar  has  been  using  shotspotter  in  milwaukee  since  2010.  previously,  his  department  discovered  just  16  of  gunshot  cases  led  to  911  calls.  he  knew  he  needed  a  better  way  to  determine  where  shots  were  coming  from.  you  cant  do  something  about  something  you  dont  know  about,  he  said.  we  found  out  we  didnt
__label__environmentmonitoring know  about  a  lot.  salazar  says  shotspotter  has  helped  milwaukee  police  save  lives,  but  the  real  benefit  is  helping  the  department  deploy  officers  when  and  where  theyre  needed  most.  that,  he  says,  is  what  made  the  worth  spending.  everybody  wants  to  run  up  the  hill  and  punch  the  guy  in  the  nose  whos  shooting  a  gun  off,  salazar  said.  but  to  go  there  at  nine  in  the  morning,  when  nothings  going  on,  and  go  talk  to  the  people  in  the  neighborhood  who  have  lived  there  for  the  last  15  years  ...  thats  where  you  can  really  make  a  difference.  thats
__label__environmentmonitoring where  you  can  do  some  targeting.  salazar  says  some  may  view  the  high  costs  as  a  waste  of  funds  for  what,  to  them,  amounts  to  a  toy  with  mere  dots  on  a  screen.  but  to  get  real  value  out  of  it,  he  said  agencies  must  be  willing  to  use  the  data,  not  just  collect  it.  the  technology  alone  cant  know  how  many  lives  it  saves.  clark  of  shotspotter  says  thats  not  how  its  designed  anyway.  youll  never,  ever  hear  me  say  shotspotter  is  solely  responsible  for  reductions  in  gun  violence,  clark  said.  we  cant  make  that  claim.  there  are  a
__label__environmentmonitoring lot  of  things  that  go  into  a  successful  gunviolenceabatement  strategy.  residents  of  the  new  york  neighborhood  where  terrell  ortiz  was  shot  expressed  mixed  feelings  that  a  technology  like  shotspotter  would  be  an  effective  crimefighting  tool.  while  jose  rodriguez,  a  46yearold  deli  manager,  shrugged  off  the  sensors,  calling  them  a  good  thing,  60yearold  felix  pizarro,  who  called  himself  the  mayor  of  his  block,  said  that  neighbors  who  know  one  another  and  are  friendly  produce  a  safer  environment  than  microphones  on  a  roof.  i  dont  like  big  brother  being  in  all  my  business,  pizarro  said.
__label__environmentmonitoring acoustic  gunshot  detection  is  a  system  designed  to  detect,  record,  and  locate  the  sound  of  gun  fire  and  alert  law  enforcement.  the  equipment  usually  takes  the  form  of  sensitive  microphones  and  sensors,  some  of  which  must  always  be  listening  for  the  sound  of  gunshots.  they  are  often  accompanied  by  cameras.  they  are  usually  mounted  on  street  lights,  or  other  elevated  structures,  though  some  mobile  and  fixed  systems  operate  in  both  indoor  and  outdoor  settings.  police  and  companies  that  manufacture  and  sell  acoustic  gunshot  detection  systems  have  claimed  that  the  point  of  this  technology  is  to  inform  police  of  the  location
__label__environmentmonitoring of  shots  fired,  more  quickly  and  accurately  than  relying  on  witnesses  who  overheard  gun  fire  and  who  may  call  the  police.  however,  we  now  know  that  gunshot  detection  systems  can  also  hear  and  record  human  voicesand  police  have  used  these  recordings  as  evidence  in  court.  as  is  so  often  the  case  with  police  surveillance  technologies,  a  device  initially  deployed  for  a  less  intrusive  purpose  here,  to  report  the  sound  and  location  of  gunshots  to  police  is  now  being  used  for  a  far  more  intrusive  purposes  to  spy  on  people  having  conversations  within  the  vicinity  of  their  sensitive  microphones.  minneapolis  shot
__label__environmentmonitoring spotter  activation  call  locations  in  2011.  source:  minneapolismn.gov  acoustic  gunshot  detection  relies  on  a  series  of  sensors,  often  placed  on  lamp  posts  or  buildings.  if  a  gunshot  is  fired,  the  sensors  detect  the  specific  acoustic  signature  of  a  gunshot  and  send  the  exact  time  and  location  to  the  police.  location  is  determined  by  measuring  the  amount  of  time  it  takes  for  the  sound  to  reach  sensors  in  different  locations.  according  to  ,  the  largest  vendor  of  acoustic  gunshot  technology,  this  information  is  then  verified  by  acoustic  experts  to  confirm  the  sound  is  gunfire,  and  not  a  car  backfire,  fire  crackers,
__label__environmentmonitoring or  other  sounds  that  could  be  mistaken  for  gun  shots.  the  sensors  themselves  can  only  determine  whether  there  is  a  loud  noise  that  somewhat  resembles  a  gunshot.  its  still  up  to  people,  sitting  and  listening  on  headphones,  to  say  whether  or  not  shots  were  fired.  with  microphones  running  and  recording  during  the  moments  that  it  captures  any  sounds  resembling  gunshots,  acoustic  gunshot  detection  also  records  other  sounds,  including  human  voices,  that  occur  within  the  vicinity  of  its  microphones  during  a  suspected  shooting  incident.  mapping  a  potential  gunshot  on  shotspotters  system.  source  shotspotter  sec  filing.  shotspotter  is  by  far  the  largest
__label__environmentmonitoring vendor  of  acoustic  gunshot  detection  systems.  currently,  are  using  shotspotter  in  the  u.s.,  south  africa,  and  the  bahamas.  the  company  earned  ,  and  in  march  2019,  shotspotter  .  raytheon  produces  the  ,  which  detects  small  arms  fire.  it  can  be  mounted  on  a  vehicle  and  has  been  used  in  u.s.  warzones  like  afghanistan.  other  startups,  such  as  ,  rely  more  heavily  on  artificial  intelligence,  and  visual  gun  recognition,  in  recognizing  potential  shooting  situations.  even  if  aimed  at  gunshots,  this  technology  also  captures  human  voices,  at  least  some  of  the  time.  yet  people  in  public  places  for  example,  having  a  quiet
__label__environmentmonitoring conversation  on  a  deserted  streetare  often  entitled  to  a  reasonable  expectation  of  privacy,  without  overhead  microphones  unexpectedly  recording  their  conversation.  federal  and  state  eavesdropping  sometimes  called  wiretapping  or  interception  laws  typically  prohibit  the  recording  of  private  conversations  absent  consent  from  at  least  one  person  in  that  conversation.  in  at  least  two  criminal  trials,  the  california  case  people  v.  johnson  and  commonwealth  v.  denison  ,  in  massachusetts,  prosecutors  sought  to  introduce  as  evidence  audio  of  voices  recorded  on  acoustic  gunshot  detection  system.  in  johnson,  the  court  allowed  this.  in  denison  ,  the  court  did  not,  ruling  that  a  under  the  massachusetts
__label__environmentmonitoring wiretap  act.  moreover,  acoustic  gunshot  detection  systems  are  often  placed  in  what  police  consider  to  be  highcrime  areas.  as  with  many  police  surveillance  systems,  this  can  result  in  excessive  scrutiny  of  the  neighborhoods  where  people  of  color  may  live.  there  also  are  concerns  about  the  accuracy  of  shot  spotter.  as  in  regards  to  the  placement  of  acoustic  gunshot  detection  in  rochester,  at  the  end  of  the  day  this  is  a  machine  that  basically  can  tell  you  that  there  was  a  loud  sound  and  then  a  human  has  to  tell  you  whether  it  was  gunfire  or  not.  in  ,  a  shotspotter
__label__environmentmonitoring forensic  analyst  testified  that  the  sensors  incorrectly  placed  the  location  of  a  shooting  a  block  away  from  where  it  actually  occurred.  when  asked  about  the  companys  guarantee  of  accuracy,  the  analyst  said,  our  guarantee  was  put  together  by  our  sales  and  marketing  department,  no  our  engineers.  as  part  of  its  measures  to  raise  awareness  about  the  invasive  uses  of  surveillance  technologies,  about  acoustic  gunshot  detection  systems  recording  the  conversations  of  unsuspecting  people  on  the  street  and  in  other  public  places.  the  guardian.  business  insider
__label__environmentmonitoring by  on  nov  28,  2018  11:31:41  am  there  were  more  than  300  mass  shootings  in  the  u.s.  in  2015,  according  to  securityinfowatch  ,  a  leading  security  industry  online  publication.  this  year  theres  been  323  shootings  with  still  a  month  left  in  the  year.  mass  shootings  create  chaos  in  a  matter  of  seconds  and  without  a  plan  or  clear  direction  by  security  professionals,  they  can  get  even  more  out  of  hand.  the  technology  to  detect  a  gunshot  through  sound  and  have  it  be  transmitted  to  the  police  asap  is  very  compelling  and  growing  in  popularity.  gunshot  detection  technology  is  not  a
__label__environmentmonitoring new  idea.  it  was  first  seriously  researched  during  world  war  i.  as  technology  has  advanced  and  sensors  have  improved,  the  idea  has  turned  into  a  reality.  as  with  a  lot  of  security  technology,  its  development  started  with  the  military.  developed  a  system  used  by  the  military  in  afghanistan  and  iraq.  it  was  used  to  pinpoint  sniper  fire  and  quickly  alert  soldiers  in  the  field.  as  guns  and  mass  shootings  became  more  of  a  problem  in  the  civilian  world,  law  enforcement  and  security  professionals  adapted  the  technology  to  work  in  a  variety  of  situations.  the  mass  shooting  in  las  vegas  on
__label__environmentmonitoring oct.  2,  2017  that  killed  58  people  and  wounded  hundreds  of  others,  put  the  technology  in  the  spotlight.  today,  acoustic  gunshot  detection  systems  agds  are  being  deployed  at  borders,  cities,  airports.  universities,  hotels  and  large  venues  to  name  a  few  locations.  systems  use  microphone  sensor  nodes  to  detect  a  gunshot.  location  information  is  immediately  sent  to  security  personnel  and  law  enforcement.  one  of  the  top  shot  detection  vendors  immediately  sends  the  sensors  audio  to  a  command  center  where  the  information  is  verified  by  experts  in  seconds.  other  vendors  have  technology  where  the  audio  analysis  takes  place  totally  in  the  sensor.
__label__environmentmonitoring some  vendors  claim  they  can  accurately  determine  the  number  of  shots  and  the  type  of  weapon.  there  are  several  types  of  systems  including:  currently,  the  most  popular  systems  are  outdoor  and  fixed.  but  indoor  systems  are  on  the  rise.  charleston  international  airport  in  south  carolina  was  the  first  airport  to  add  gunshot  recognition  technology  to  the  public  portion  of  its  passenger  terminal.  and  many  cities  are  looking  for  mobile  solutions  that  can  be  moved  from  one  area  to  another  depending  on  need.  many  municipalities  have  seen  the  benefits  of  gunshot  detection  systems.  they  say  the  systems  are  far  faster  than
__label__environmentmonitoring 911  calls  and  more  reliable  because  in  some  areas  people  are  reluctant  to  call  the  police.  the  city  of  experts  say  none  of  these  systems  are  yet  100  percent  effective.  its  important  to  team  with  a  knowledgeable  security  integration  firm  that  can  help  determine  if  a  system  is  right  for  your  organization.  call  our  experts  and  theyll  inspect  your  existing  security  system  and  suggest  the  latest  upgrades  to  merge  all  security  channels  to  one  unified  workflow.  this  nationwide  model  allows  us  to  set  standards  across  our  network  and  provide  our  clients  the  consistency,  accountability  and  satisfaction  they  deserve.
__label__environmentmonitoring nasdaqlisted  company  uses  machine  learning,  cloudbased  service  to  push  out  gunshot  notifications  to  police  a  us  company  that  uses  acoustic  sensors  and  machine  classification  to  identify  and  timestamp  impulsive  noises  has  won  a  threeyear  contract  with  the  city  of  chicago  to  track  gunshots  across  100  square  miles.  shotspotter  says  it  allows  police  departments  to  respond  faster  to  gunshot  incidents,  citing  research  that  shows  80  percent  of  gunshot  incidents  in  urban  areas  are  not  reported  to  police  with  a  911  call.  the  23  17.7  million  comes  as  a  by  the  university  of  washingtons  institute  for  health  metrics  shows  the  us  reported
__label__environmentmonitoring 37,200  gun  deaths  in  2016  alone;  the  second  only  to  brazil.  the  company  provides  intelligent  indoor  and  outdoor  gunshot  sensors  that  link  to  a  cloud  and  subscriptionbased  service  for  customers,  with  an  api  that  supports  integration  with  other  customer  systems  like  security  video  management.  gunfire  alerts  are  pushed  to  mobile,  desktop  and  browser  apps,  sms  or  email.  shotspotter  now  has  both  chicago  and  new  york  city  under  contract  to  2021.  shotspotter  has  proven  to  be  a  key  element  of  our  gun  violence  reduction  strategy  and  we  rely  on  the  company  as  a  trusted  technology  provider  to  the  city  ofchicago  and
__label__environmentmonitoring our  law  enforcement  professionals,  saideddie  johnson,  superintendent  of  the  chicago  police  department  in  a  release  shared  thursday.  the  software  filters  out  ambient  background  noise,  such  as  traffic  or  wind,  and  looks  for  impulsive  sounds  characteristic  of  gunfire.  if  it  detects  such  a  pulse  it  analyses  features  from  the  waveform  like  sharpness,  strength,  duration  and  decay  time.  the  sensor  then  sends  these  features  to  the  companys  cloud  servers  as  part  of  a  data  packet  that  includes  the  location  coordinates  of  the  reporting  sensor  and  the  precise  timeofarrival  and  angleofarrival  of  the  sound.  the  companys  algorithms  run  against  both  such  pulse  features,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  distance  from  the  sound  source,  pattern  matching  and  other  heuristic  methods  to  evaluate  and  classify  the  sound,  with  its  machine  classifier  trained  and  validated  against  a  large  database  of  known  gunfire  and  other  impulsive  community  sounds.  this  contract  represents  a  huge  vote  of  confidence  in  shotspotter  from  the  city  of  chicago  and  we  are  proud  to  be  a  valued  partner  in  helping  them  respond  to  gun  violence  across  this  great  city,  said  ralph  clark,  president  and  ceo  of  shotspotter.  nasdaqlisted  shotspotter  has  seen  its  share  price  nearly  quadruple  during  calendar  2018,  rising  from  14.30  in  early  january  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring thinkstock  when  stephen  paddock  opened  fire  on  a  crowd  at  a  concert  from  his  hotel  room  on  the  32nd  floor  on  sunday  night  in  las  vegas,  it  took  police  72  minutes  after  the  first  911  call  to  find  the  sniper,  who  would  go  on  to  perpetrate  the  deadliest  mass  shooting  in  u.s.  history.  there  appear  to  be  few  readymade  technological  options  that  could  have  singlehandedly  thwarted  the  shooting.  and  there  are  tradeoffs  between  cost  and  privacy  when  it  comes  to  using  technology  to  improve  physical  security.  but  the  issue  is  an  important  one  to  consider.  in  the  477day  span  between
__label__environmentmonitoring the  2016  orlando,  fla.,  nightclub  shooting  and  the  most  recent  mass  shooting  in  las  vegas,  there  have  been  521  mass  shootings,  as  recently  observed.  gunshot  detection  systems  working  in  tandem  with  video  surveillance  and  iotbased  and  traditional  security  technologies  could  at  least  mitigate  the  damages  of  such  attacks.  the  power  of  a  single  security  technology  starts  to  increase  exponentially  when  you  combine  it  with  other  technology,  said  don  deloach,  coauthor  of  .  but  deloach  also  acknowledged  the  inherent  difficulties  involved  in  this  case.  you  could  link  technology  such  as  a  gunshot  detection  system  to  a  public  awareness  and  notification  system,
__label__environmentmonitoring enabling  you  to  do  geolocation  against  where  the  shots  are  coming  from  and  send  a  message  to  everybodys  phone  letting  them  know  something  is  going  on,  he  said.  but  in  this  case,  you  had  22,000  people  hemmed  in  at  a  concert,  so  getting  them  a  notification  on  their  phones  that  there  are  shots  fired  isnt  going  to  do  you  any  good.  here,  we  take  a  look  at  the  smart  building  technology  suitable  for  mass  shootings  and  describe  their  strengths  and  weaknesses.  in  preparing  for  the  assault,  paddock  managed  to  smuggle  23  rifles,  two  tripods  and  hundreds  of  rounds  of  ammunition
__label__environmentmonitoring into  his  hotel  room  on  the  32nd  floor.  because  paddock  hid  the  weapons  in  at  least  10  suitcases,  it  probably  would  have  been  difficult  to  detect  him  smuggling  the  weapons  into  the  hotel  without  deploying  metal  detectors  or  xray  scanners.  while  some  hotels  in  india  and  the  middle  east  and  africa  have  such  technologies,  they  are  largely  absent  in  the  united  states,  where  they  could  interfere  with  hotel  guests  hospitality  expectations  for  hotel.  once  in  the  room,  paddock  could  have  kept  housekeeping  away  by  simply  hanging  a  donotdisturb  sign  on  the  door.  there  is  the  possibility  of  using  video  surveillance
__label__environmentmonitoring in  hotel  rooms.  while  this  could  have  spotted  the  weapon  cache  in  paddocks  hotel  room,  deploying  cameras  in  hotel  rooms  would  not  likely  be  a  popular  option  with  the  public.  you  would  have  to  have  tremendous  trust  for  someone  to  go  into  a  hotel  room  where  there  is  a  camera  that  could  be  activated,  deloach  said.  everybodys  first  thought  is:  is  there  something  nefarious  going  on  with  this  hotel?  and  their  second  thought  is:  what  if  someone  hacks  the  camera?  is  the  goto  event  for  government  and  technology  executives  mapping  americas  smart  cities.  to  learn  more  about  the  agenda,  speakers
__label__environmentmonitoring and  networking  opportunities.  another  videobased  option  would  be  using  video  analytics  to  analyze  the  behavior  of  guests  in  public  spaces  within  the  hotel.  because  paddock  brought  in  at  least  10  suitcases  into  his  room,  a  sophisticated  video  analytics  system  could  theoretically  create  a  security  alert  based  on  his  anomalous  behavior,  although  it  would  need  accurate  facial  recognition  capabilities  as  well.  another  option  would  be  to  use  video  analytics  with  the  intent  of  identifying  weapons  such  as  rifles  that  may  be  hidden  in  luggage.  this  functionality,  however,  would  likely  be  difficult  to  accomplish  considering  the  massive  amount  of  data  processing  capability
__label__environmentmonitoring it  would  likely  requiring.  once  in  his  hotel  room,  paddock  smashed  holes  into  two  windows  to  fire  at  the  crowd  of  22,000  people  below.  if  smart  building  technology  such  as  glassbreak  sensors  were  deployed  in  the  room,  they  could  have  sounded  an  alarm  enabling  police  to  reach  his  room  quicker.  police  began  their  search  for  the  sniper  on  the  29th  floor  and  worked  their  way  upward.  a  glassbreak  detector  can  pick  up  breaking  glass  about  15  to  20  feet  away,  but  i  dont  know  how  feasible  it  is  for  a  hotel,  said  cameron  javdani,  director  of  sales  and  marketing  at
__label__environmentmonitoring louroe  electronics,  which  offers  both  glassbreak  sensors  and  gunshot  detection  systems.  would  mandalay  bay  want  to  put  a  glassbreak  detector  in  each  of  the  roughly  3,300  rooms  at  the  hotel?  beyond  that,  would  hotel  guests  be  comfortable  with  the  thought  of  a  microphone  in  each  room,  even  if  it  was  there  only  to  pick  up  glassbreaking  sounds?  shockbased  sensors  are  also  available,  although  they  are  designed  more  for  keeping  burglars  out  than  prohibiting  a  sniper  from  smashing  a  window  and  shooting  through  the  opening.  advanced  gunshot  detection  implementations  could  determine  the  elevation  of  the  shooter  in  addition  to  providing  police
__label__environmentmonitoring information  on  the  time  the  shooting  began  and  could  also  track  the  number  of  rounds  fired.  the  level  of  ambient  noise  involved  with  the  outdoor  concert  could  have  proven  to  be  a  challenge  in  the  las  vegas  shooting,  explained  javdani.  it  was  also  difficult  for  many  concertgoers  to  determine  the  origin  of  the  gunfire;  some  people  at  the  event  first  thought  the  shots  were  fireworks.  for  an  outdoor  situation  like  this,  it  matters  how  far  away  and  how  loud  the  gunshot  is  compared  to  the  ambient  environment,  javdani  said.  a  gunshot  detector  that  was  on  the  ground  at  the  concert
__label__environmentmonitoring would  likely  pick  up  the  music  in  the  foreground  and  the  gunshots  in  the  background.  the  first  parameter  for  gunshot  detection  systems  is  that  you  hear  a  loud  noise  above  the  ambient  noise,  javdani  added.  if  you  had  a  sensor  nearby  the  window  where  the  sniper  was  during  the  concert,  you  are  going  to  pick  up  that  gunfire.  when  we  are  designing  out  a  system,  we  are  very  cognizant  of  whether  we  are  indoor  or  outdoor  and  the  potential  sound  reflections.  if  we  are  talking  about  whether  we  could  have  picked  up  this  incident  on  sunday,  the  answer  is:  it
__label__environmentmonitoring depends.  where  would  the  sensor  be  installed  and  what  was  the  ambient  noise  around  the  sensor?  a  growing  number  of  iot  devices  come  bundled  with  sound  detection  capabilities  and  some  hotels,  such  as  marriott,  are  testing  using  amazons  alexapowered  echo  in  hotels.  in  the  future,  it  might  be  possible  that  a  range  of  iot  and  smart  buildingtechnologycould  help  listen  for  gunshots  and  automatically  alert  authorities,  but  this  remains  an  abstract  possibility  at  this  point.  the  most  widely  deployed  system  for  detecting  sniper  fire  is  known  as  boomerang,  which  was  developed  by  darpa  and  raytheon  subsidiary  bbn  technologies.  a  cluster  of
__label__environmentmonitoring seven  microphones,  the  boomerang  leverages  a  computer  to  identify  the  location  of  a  sniper  including  elevation  relative  to  the  device.  deployed  on  the  back  of  humvees  in  iraq  and  afghanistan,  the  boomerang  will  not  sound  false  alarms  when  it  picks  up  fireworks,  door  slams  and  other  loud  noises,  and  it  is  one  example  of  the  types  of  gunshot  detection  systems  deployed  in  the  united  states  to  thwart  mass  shootings.  when  paddock  fired  roughly  at  the  audience  of  concertgoers  below,  his  hotel  room  filled  with  smoke,  sounding  a  fire  alarm  that  enabled  the  swat  team  to  home  in  on  his  position
__label__environmentmonitoring in  about  20  minutes,  according  to  the  washington  post.  each  time  a  shot  is  fired,  plumes  of  smoke,  soot  and  gunpowder  stream  from  the  barrel.  in  the  future,  we  could  see  cities  deploy  comprehensivesecurity  systems  leveraging  smart  city  technology  with  a  wide  range  of  functionality.  this  could  trigger  an  alarm  to  the  various  people  nearby  whether  the  public  or  hotel  managers  and  enable,  say,  streetlights,  parking  lot  lights,  citymounted  cameras  and  traffic  systems  to  all  work  together.  lets  say  the  shots  just  went  off  from  the  32nd  floor  of  the  hotel.  you  want  to  notify  the  police  and  you  want
__label__environmentmonitoring to  illuminate  where  the  shots  are  coming  from,  deloach  said.  you  could  take  down  all  of  the  lights  outside  of  that  area,  so  the  shooter  no  longer  has  as  clean  of  a  shot.  in  this  scenario,  the  system  could  give  a  signal  for  cameras  to  focus  on  the  shooter.  this  does  two  things,  deloach  said.  it  captures  valuable  information  for  the  police,  but  the  other  thing  is  you  can  start  to  broadcast  45  seconds  from  the  time  the  shots  were  going  off,  you  have  lit  up  the  area,  reduced  lighting  elsewhere,  and  you  started  broadcasting  a  feed  of  the  shooter.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  future,  alarm  scenarios  could  also  trigger  modifications  in  a  smart  citys  infrastructure.  you  can  also  do  things  to  connect  the  signal  to  open  up  the  traffic  lane  so  you  give  priority  to  first  responders,  deloach  explained.  in  a  hotel,  if  there  is  a  shooter,  you  probably  want  to  lock  down  the  rooms.  a  forwardlooking  security  strategy,  however,  will  investigate  not  just  how  to  thwart  mass  shootings,  but  seek  to  identify  other  potential  types  of  attack,  whether  they  be  from  explosives  or  hackers,  and  also  consider  who  controls  the  hightech  technology  designed  to  detect  mass  shootings.  if  iot  is
__label__environmentmonitoring the  monitor  and  detector  technology,  its  worth  asking:  whos  the  monitor  of  the  monitors?  said  peter  tran,  rsas  advanced  cyber  defense  general  manager  and  senior  director.  maintaining  the  integrity  of  iotbased  surveillance  technologies  requires  keeping  tabs  on  them  to  ensure  they  are  in  working  order.  for  example,  a  sophisticated  actor  in  the  smart  city  would  first  subvert  and  disrupt  the  iot  grid  or  perform  sensor  interrupts  to  spoof  data  into  the  iot  monitoring  zone,  tran  said.  for  every  move,  theres  a  countermove.  already,  the  hotel  industry  is  beginning  to  reassess  their  protocols  to  more  effectively  deal  with  similar  situations  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  future,  whether  it  comes  down  to  working  to  prevent  them  or  mitigate  damages  once  a  shooting  begins.  while  the  former  is  preferable,  it  may  be  difficult  to  accomplish,  said  chris  kocher,  cofounder  of  the  consulting  firm  grey  heron.when  someone  starts  shooting,  it  is  already  too  late,  he  explained.  preventative  strategies,  however,  tend  to  impact  individual  privacy  and  civil  rights,  which  is  why  we  as  a  society  have  not  been  able  to  do  much  with  licensing  and  regulating  guns  in  any  way.  or  alternatively,  post  a  comment  by  completing  the  form  below:  required  fields  are  marked  this  site  uses  akismet
__label__environmentmonitoring to  reduce  spam.  .  the  worlds  most  mature  cities  from  a  data  and  analytics  perspective  are  based  in  ,  according  to  the  research  will  be  the  best  answer  to  the  worlds  problems?  the  thinks  so.  vi  we  are  excited  to  announce  deanna  kovar,  director,  operator  station  at  as  a  speaker  at  iot  world  2020.  s  is  more  of  a  focus  than  ever  at  2020,  with  an  entire  conference  dedicated  to  how  and  ai  can  join  .  explains  how  and  are  improving  in  asia,  at  asia.  you  would  be  surprised  how  many  organizations  completely  skip  this  step.  isesecuritys  talked  the  majority
__label__environmentmonitoring of  are  concerned  about  how  their  personal  data  is  being  used  by  companies  and  the  governmen  the  iot  world  2020  event  webinar  is  now  available  ondemand.  listen  back  to  the  iot  world  team  discussing  all  the  s  sign  up  for  iot  world  today  newsletters:  vertical  industry  coverage  on  tuesdays  and  horizontal  tech  coverage  on  thursdays.  our  special  reports  take  an  indepth  look  at  key  topics  within  the  iot  space.  download  our  latest  reports.  find  the  latest  white  papers  and  other  resources  from  selected  vendors.  want  to  reach  our  audience?  access  our  media  kit.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  technologys  microphones  can  help  warn  of  shootings  in  a  fraction  of  the  time  of  911  calls  but  are  they  also  picking  up  private  conversations?  hannah  gold  how  many  of  us  have  actually  heard  the  sound  of  a  gunshot?  its  much  more  difficult  to  identify  than  you  may  think.  damaune  journey,  vicepresident  of  security  solutions  at  sst  inc,  is  explaining  the  benefits  of  his  companys  product,  ,  a  gunshot  detection  system  thats  the  latest  in  security  technology.  heres  how  it  works:  in  a  given  area,  shotspotter  sets  up  multiple  soundmonitoring  microphones,  which  detect  gunfire  based  on  the  companys  algorithm.  if
__label__environmentmonitoring shotspotter  picks  up  anything,  the  audio  recording  is  sent  to  a  24hour  monitoring  center  in  newark,  california,  where  its  reviewed  by  experts,  many  with  previous  law  enforcement  training.  the  results  are  then  transmitted  to  local  police  officers.  according  to  shotspotter,  all  this  takes  approximately  30  seconds  significantly  than  the  typical  35  minutes  for  the  first  person  to  call  911  once  a  shot  is  fired.  the  system  has  been  installed  for  about  a  decade  in  highcrime  urban  areas  and  near  military  bases,  in  the  us  and  overseas.  shotspotter  covers  more  than  300  square  miles  in  at  least  90  cities  across  the
__label__environmentmonitoring united  states.  now,  the  private  gunshot  detection  company  is  branching  out  towards  a  new  market  of  security  tech  consumers:  college  campuses.  in  2014  shotspotter  launched  its  technology,  offering  the  soundmonitoring  hookup  to  campuses  across  the  country.  in  september  of  that  year,  the  savannah  college  of  art  and  design  scad  became  the  in  the  nation  to  install  shotspotter,  and  on  17  june,  newark  memorial  high  schools  principal,  phil  morales,  a  former  police  officer,  announced  it  had  become  the  to  plant  the  technology  throughout  its  campus.  so  far  only  these  two  schools  have  bought  shotspotter,  but  it  probably  wont  stay  that  way
__label__environmentmonitoring for  long.  weve  had  a  variety  of  colleges  interested  in  the  project,  from  all  over  the  country  east  and  west,  large  and  small,  journey  said.  the  interest  seems  to  be  growing.  journey  would  not  reveal  how  many  schools  are  considering  adopting  shotspotter,  but  he  did  say:  we  havent  deployed  it  in  any  elementary  schools  at  this  point  in  time,  but  we  certainly  know  that  the  technology  is  useful  in  all  sorts  of  settings.  the  company  is  hoping  there  will  soon  be  a  groundswell  in  the  use  of  shotspotter  in  schools.  a  paragraph  from  the  securecampus  page  of  shotspotters  website  reads:
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  next  few  decades,  this  indoor/outdoor  safety  technology  will  be  as  commonplace  as  fire  alarms  and  sprinkler  systems  are  today.  but  sprinkler  systems  dont  come  with  builtin  invasionofprivacy  implications,  which  some  experts  and  politicians  worry  about  with  shotspotter.  shotspotter  claims  it  has  no  interest  in  recording  private  conversations  on  its  system,  which  continually  erases  the  data  it  picks  up  every  one  to  two  days.  according  to  shotspotters  :  the  entire  system  is  intentionally  designed  not  to  permit  live  listening  of  any  sort.  human  voices  do  not  trigger  shotspotter  sensors.  according  to  the  aclus  jay  stanley,  theres  no  reason  not
__label__environmentmonitoring to  believe  the  corporations  claims,  but  that  doesnt  mean  theres  no  cause  for  concern.  how  can  we  be  sure  that  the  technology  is  in  fact  confined  to  listening  for  gunshots?  how  can  we  ensure  that  it  wont  expand  over  time  to  more  and  more  uses?  stanley  said.  i  would  want  some  sort  of  independent  auditing  of  the  technology  and  how  it  works  to  be  done,  ideally  thats  what  we  would  have.  in  march,  new  york  city  police  commissioner  bill  bratton  and  mayor  bill  de  blasio  the  city  would  begin  installing  a  shotspotter  pilot  program  in  10  brooklyn  precincts  and  seven
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  bronx.  the  citys  public  advocate,  letitia  james,  has  introduced  a  to  the  city  council  that  would  require  quarterly  reports  on  any  data  collected  by  shotspotter  as  well  as  any  gunshot  reports.  how  can  we  be  sure  that  the  technology  is  in  fact  confined  to  listening  for  gunshots?  many  have  questioned  whether  shotspotter  could  constitute  a  fourth  amendment  violation  warrantless  search  and  seizure  of  public  sounds.  a  new  york  times  from  2012  that  compared  the  gunshot  detection  device  to  body  cameras,  gps  trackers  and  license  plate  scanners  reported  on  a  murder  case  in  new  bedford,  massachusetts,  where  shotspotter  recorded
__label__environmentmonitoring a  conversation  that  took  place  just  before  the  shooting.  a  debate  brewed  over  whether  the  audio  would  be  admissible  in  court.  frank  camera,  the  defense  lawyer  on  the  case,  told  the  new  york  times  that  the  technology  is  opening  a  whole  can  of  worms.  if  the  police  are  utilizing  these  conversations,  then  the  real  issue  is,  where  does  it  stop?  in  another  case,  five  years  earlier,  14yearold  deonte  rawlings  was  shot  and  killed  by  an  offduty  police  officer  in  washington  dc  who  claimed  he  suspected  rawlings  of  stealing  a  minibike.  shotspotter  was  used  to  show  that  the  first  shot  came
__label__environmentmonitoring from  a  firearm  nearby  where  deonte  fell,  not  from  the  officer  in  question,  james  haskel.  that  data  was  in  the  investigation  that  sided  with  haskel  a  year  later  and  cleared  him  of  any  criminal  wrongdoing.  this  was  the  third  time  haskel  had  shot  someone  while  offduty  and  subsequently  been  cleared  of  all  charges.  it  was  the  first  time  his  actions  had  proved  fatal.  in  2011,  after  more  details  of  the  case  ,  rawlings  family  settled  a  100m  civil  lawsuit  against  the  city  and  the  two  officers  involved  in  the  shooting  for  an  undisclosed  amount.  at  scad,  the  first  school  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  country  to  install  shotspotter,  the  system  has  yet  to  generate  much  conflict.  erin  branch,  who  graduated  from  scad  in  may,  said  she  had  no  idea  the  technology  had  been  installed,  but  that  it  sounded  like  a  great  idea.  i  think  this  shotspotter  is  a  wonderful  tool  to  help  prevent  gun  violence,  she  told  me.  i  like  the  idea  of  the  police  knowing  right  away  when  a  gun  is  fired.  scad  was  in  talks  with  shotspotter  to  install  gun  detection  technology  for  a  few  years,  but  it  wasnt  until  last  year  that  the  school  took  the  plunge.  its  not,  however,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  only  safety  measure  scad  has  purchased  in  recent  years.  shotspotter  was  just  another  prong  in  that  implementation  in  that  use  of  technology  to  make  the  campus  safer,  says  john  buckovich,  chief  of  the  department  of  public  safety  at  scad.  about  a  year  ago  the  campus  started  using  ,  an  app  that  allows  students  to  send  footage  and  texts  to  campus  police  if  they  see  something  suspicious.  over  the  past  couple  of  years,  scad  has  also  expanded  its  camera  system  to  building  exteriors,  the  main  entryways  of  academic  buildings,  residence  halls  and  parking  lots.  it  also  built  an  operating  center
__label__environmentmonitoring to  monitor  those  cameras  24/7.  if  the  police  are  utilizing  these  conversations,  then  the  real  issue  is,  where  does  it  stop?  according  to  ssts  corporate  overview,  this  is  how  shotspotter  is  meant  to  be  used  as  part  of  a  comprehensive  surveillance  network:  shotspotter  solutions  integrate  with  other  systems  in  your  environment  to  permit  the  sharing  of  data  across  systems,  roles  and  other  agencies.  shotspotter  can  connect  to  cctv  or  video  management  systems  to  direct  cameras  to  other  surveillance  assets  towards  incidents.  buckowitch  described  scads  use  to  technology  to  supplement  their  safety  and  security  programs  over  the  past  few  years  as
__label__environmentmonitoring aggressive  and  progressive.  according  to  buckovitch,  scad  is  not  a  traditional  campus,  in  that  its  buildings  sprawl  across  two  square  miles  of  savannah.  shotspotter  has  been  installed  throughout  savannahs  historic  district  and  downtown  area,  which  comprise  in  part  nonuniversityaffiliated  residents  and  businesses.  buckovitch  told  me:  anywhere  in  that  two  square  miles  ...  if  a  shot  is  fired,  even  if  its  not  near  scads  campus  it  could  be  two,  three,  four  blocks  away  the  police  department  is  still  getting  notification  of  the  shot  getting  fired.  sst  has  done  little  to  address  the  implications  of  a  private  entity  like  scad  purchasing  security
__label__environmentmonitoring equipment  that  could  potentially  monitor  people  outside  of  or  in  between  its  physical  domains.  according  to  journey,  the  companys  policy  is  to  let  each  school  decide  for  itself  whether  to  publicize  the  installation  of  shotspotter.  another  potential  issue  for  campuses  lies  in  a  costreward  analysis.  as  stanley  pointed  out:  every  dollar  spent  on  shotspotter  is  a  dollar  taken  away  from  muchneeded  childrens  education.  i  have  three  children  and  if  this  was  being  put  in  their  school,  i  would  question  whether  this  was  a  good  use  of  limited  resources.  but  its  unclear  how  much  shotspotter  will  cost  schools.  a  recent  cbs
__label__environmentmonitoring put  the  price  tag  at  15,000  installation  fees  and  annual  monitoring  costs,  but  journey  said  the  cost  will  vary,  adding:  it  will  only  be  a  fraction  of  the  cost  of  the  fire  alarm  system,  which  every  school  has.  the  price  must  of  course  be  weighed  with  the  reality  of  gun  violence  in  america.  though  campuses  are  places  in  the  country,  from  2000  to  2013  there  have  still  been  a  reported  27  school  shootings,  resulting  in  57  deaths,  according  to  .  buckowitch  maintains  that  gun  violence  in  the  savannah  area  did  not  factor  into  his  decision  to  install  shotspotter.  the  decision
__label__environmentmonitoring to  go  toward  shotspotter  wasnt  based  on  one  particular  incident,  it  wasnt  based  on  crime  in  savannah  it  was  completely  based  on  how  to  use  technology  to  make  our  campus  safer.  given  securecampuss  planned  expansion,  the  question  of  whether  its  worthwhile  for  these  gunshot  detection  devices  and  their  attendant  costs  to  become  as  commonplace  as  fire  alarms  will  only  grow  in  urgency.  we  dont  want  children  feeling  that  theres  microphones  surrounding  them,  says  stanley.  we  dont  want  our  children  growing  up  in  an  atmosphere  of  pervasive  surveillance.
__label__environmentmonitoring sound  detecting  sensors  have  a  number  of  security  related  applications  such  as:  the  sparkfun  sound  detector  is  a  compact  board  with  a  microphone  which  converts  sound  energy  into  electrical  energy.  the  detector  provides  three  outputs  in  the  form  of  an  analogue  output  of  pitch  labelled  audio  output,  binary  output  to  indicate  the  presence  of  sound.  and  an  analogue  representation  of  the  amplitude  called  envelope  output.  the  sound  detector  comes  with  a  moderate  sensitivity  but  we  can  change  it  according  to  our  specific  requirement  by  adding  a  through  hole  resistor  to  alter  the  gain.  you  will  need  the  following:  hardware  configuration
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  sound  detector.  specifications:  working  voltage:  3.5  5.5  v  outputs:  audio  output,  envelope  output  and  binary  output.  pins  on  module  five:  vcc  /  gnd  /  gate  /  envelope  /  audio  onboard  leds  red  led,  on  when  sound  is  detected.  dimensions:  2.4cm  x  4.4cm  x  1  cm  also  read:  a  basic  functionality  test  for  a  basic  functionality  test  of  the  sound  detector,  simply  connect  it  this  way.  sound  detector  ?  esp8266  thing  gnd  ?  gnd.  vcc  ?  3v3.  in  a  quiet  room,  power  the  board  up,  and  then  speak  or  preferably  play  some  music  close  to  the  microphone.  you  should
__label__environmentmonitoring see  the  red  led  on  the  sound  detector  board  and  the  esp8266  thing  blink  in  response  to  the  sound.  sound  detector  functionality  test  we  can  now  test  the  board  functionality:  using  blynk  to  switch  turn  on  and  off  the  sensor,  to  get  the  output  readings  of  the  presence  of  sound  and  the  measurement  of  amplitude  or  pitch  depending  on  the  hardware  setup,  as  discussed  in  the  instructions  below  on  blynk.  we  will  use  the  following  hardware  hookup  to  do  so.  hardware  setup  instructions;  arduino  sketch  for  this  particular  sensor,  no  special  library  is  needed.  in  arduino  ide,  open  a  new
__label__environmentmonitoring sketch,  compile  and  upload  the  following  code:  following  is  a  brief  explanation  of  this  code:  line  1:  is  necessary  to  work  with  the  sensor  anything  connected  to  sda/scl  pins  line  23:  these  are  header  files  for  the  esp8266  wifi  shield  and  blynk  line  4:  defines  pin  4  as  pingatein  line  8:  helps  identify  the  blynk  app  using  auth  token  code  of  the  created  project.  line  1112:  provides  necessary  wifihotspot  name  and  corresponding  password  for  wifi  module  to  connect  to  the  device.  setup  code:  passes  the  necessary  information  to  blynk  to  make  connection  and  sets  pin  4  as  input.  line  21:
__label__environmentmonitoring defines  virtual  led  on  blynk  v0  as  led1  loop  code:  connects  to  blynk  and  reading  the  pin  4  decides  to  on  or  off  the  virtual  led  on  blynk,  from  widget  box,  add  a  button.  this  is  to  turn  the  sensor  on  and  off.  to  get  the  gate  output  on  blynk,  from  widget  box,  add  an  led.  name  it  as  gateoutput  and  select  virtual  v0  pin.  to  plot  graph  of  amplitude  over  time,  from  widget  box  in  blynk,  select  graph  from  menu,  name  it  as  amplitude,  set  input  to  adc0  and  reading  frequency  to  250ms.  the  output  we  got  is  shown
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  picture  above  on  the  right.  to  plot  graph  of  pitch  over  time,  change  the  hardware  connection  as  described  in  the  hardware  setup  above  and  from  the  widget  box  in  blynk,  select  graph  from  menu,  name  it  as  pitch,  set  input  to  adc0  and  reading  frequency  to  250ms  as  before.  the  experiment  was  done  to  check  the  output  from  the  audio  gate  and  envelope.  also  button,  virtual  led  and  graph  widgets  on  blynk.
__label__environmentmonitoring sealevel  systems,  inc.  was  founded  in  1986.  the  same  innovation  and  responsive  thinking  that  gave  us  our  start  drives  us  still  today.  mission  critical  communications:  on  the  battlefield,  across  smart  cities  and  around  the  world.  its  what  we  do  and  its  where  we  are.  innovative,  reliable  hardware  and  software  products  to  enable  computer  connectivity  and  control.  youll  find  standard  products  that  are  anything  but.  we  are  proud  to  work  with  the  most  talented  engineers  from  around  the  world  to  solve  challenges  in  diverse  environments.  access  product  literature  and  read  our  latest  faq  responses  and  support  articles.  for  live  support  call
__label__environmentmonitoring 864.843.4343  or  email  supportsealevel.com.  wed  love  to  talk  to  you.  contact  us  for  product  information,  support  or  to  talk  about  how  we  can  help  you  go  further.  pop.  pop  pop.  pop.  in  some  places,  these  noises  come  from  mischievous  adolescents  popping  firecrackers.  a  few  nights  of  the  year,  the  explosive  noises  accompany  glowing,  sparkling  fireworks  across  the  evening  sky.  however,  elsewhere,  these  characteristic  pops  indicate  a  darker  scenario:  gun  violence  from  homicides,  gang  fights  and  suicides.  according  to  the  university  of  washington,  3.85  deaths  in  the  united  states  per  100,000  people  are  .  these  numbers  dont  account  for  the  vast
__label__environmentmonitoring numbers  of  unreported  firearm  crimes.  the  occur  swiftly  and  can  wound  a  community  deeply.  in  crowded  public  places,  such  as  schools  and  venues,  the  results  are  devastating.  while  prevention,  cultural  norms  and  local  laws  play  the  biggest  roles  in  ,  public  safety  strategy  can  mitigate  the  effects  of  a  shooting.  incorporating  technology  especially  offers  improvement  to  emergency  responses.  and  smart  city  that  are  key  potential  solutions.  reduce  gun  violence  by  speeding  up  and  increasing  detection  of  firearm  discharges.  these  can  be  mechanical  or  electrical.  they  use  triangulation  and  decibel  reading  to  determine  type  and  location  of  impulsive  noises.  using  these
__label__environmentmonitoring precise  devices  works  toward  public  safety  strategy  in  two  key  ways.  first,  it  results  in  more  reported  incidents.  higher  reporting  can  lead  to  more  illegal  firearm  recovery  or  prompt  attention  to  potentially  fatal  injuries.  acoustic  sensing  also  rapidly  detects  incidents,  speeding  up  and  streamlining  emergency  responses.  one  public  safety  technology  that  relies  on  this  type  of  technology  is  ,  a  program  utilized  in  90  cities  around  the  united  states.  the  company  uses  an  acoustic  sensing  network  to  detect  impulsive  noises  typical  of  gunfire  and  a  program  to  notify  public  safety  officials.  cities  can  lease  and  install  systems  milebymile  as  needed.
__label__environmentmonitoring individual  companies  may  also  use  the  service  for  campus  security.  in  outdoor  locations,  the  listening  device  detects  and  timestamps  an  identification,  triangulates  its  origin  and  the  details  to  a  review  center.  a  specialist  then  confirms  the  incident.  within  3045  seconds  of  the  initial  detection,  the  local  public  safety  team  receives  a  notification  with  details.  for  indoor  locations,  the  both  listen  for  the  impulsive  firing  noise  and  scan  for  the  infrared  flash  of  a  barrel.  security  officers  in  the  building  are  notified  of  the  discharges  and  their  location  within  10  seconds.  in  both  scenarios,  the  company  provides  contextual  information  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring incident  as  well  as  intelligence  regarding  the  gunfire.  this  information  can  include  number  of  shooters  or  distinct  weapons  as  well  as  the  presence  of  highcapacity  weapons.  officers  notified  can  take  appropriate  precautions  and  arrive  on  scene  quickly.  according  to  selfreported  information,  cities  that  use  shotspotter  experience  a  35  decrease  in  gunfire  incident  volumes.  the  use  of  in  gunfire  detection  is  not  a  new  concept.  shotspotter  debuted  its  program  in  2006,  but  acoustic  sensing  had  already  been  under  research  by  militaries  at  that  point.  in  2011  and  the  subsequent  few  years,  the  netherlands,  united  states  and  singapore  incorporated  into  battlefield  strategies.
__label__environmentmonitoring these  advanced  tools  can  be  equipped  on  helicopters,  other  guns,  head  gear  and  drones  to  detect,  locate  and  analyze  battlefield  threats.  despite  the  potential  ,  there  can  be  downsides.  reporters  at  forbes  have  written  about  the  potential  cost  inefficiency  associated  with  programs  like  shotspotter.  other  critics  say  that  despite  the  improvement  to  emergency  response  times,  the  increased  surveillance  and  lack  of  deterrence  dont  justify  the  .  criminal  justice  analysts  also  point  out  that  these  technologies  monetize  their  businesses  via  big  data  availability.  their  profit  comes  at  a  cost  to  public  research  and  government  access  to  this  useful  data.  however,  these
__label__environmentmonitoring issues  can  be  alleviated  with  smart  city  technology.  this  includes  using  ,  and  having  a  transparency  policy  regarding  technology  use.  it  would  also  mean  sharing  data  across  platforms  for  open  source  collaboration  to  ensure  biasfree  better  policing.  applying  ai  programs  to  city  wide  gun  violence  data  in  real  time  could  contribute  to  that  reduces  overall  firearm  crimes.  for  example,  shotspotter  just  partnered  with  the  initiative.  the  iot  connectivity  not  only  sped  up  the  detection  process,  but  also  linked  the  warning  system  to  tactics  such  as  increasing  streetlight  brightness  and  sending  notifications  to  the  closest  officer  rather  than  a  central  control
__label__environmentmonitoring system.  while  gun  violence  is  one  of  the  loudest  crimes  on  our  streets,  acoustic  sensing  and  smart  city  technology  can  be  used  to  improve  public  safety  in  a  variety  of  ways.  sealevel  is  a  proud  partner  of  us  public  safety  teams.  if  iot  edge  technology  could  benefit  your  community,  we  would  love  to  help  you.  a  wastewater  company  approached  sealevel  for  a  remote  solution  to  cut  down  on  travel  time.  dont  you  wish  holiday  travel  could  be  so  easy?  watermonitoring  remotemonitoring  https://bit.ly/2p57nvv  backwards  compatibility  is  something  video  gamers  crave.  but  its  paramount  in  hospitals  and  perinatal  monitoring.  legacytech  criticalcommunications  healthmonitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring https://bit.ly/34sqxfv  they  say  a  dog  is  mans  best  friend.  but  do  you  know  a  sensors  best  friend?  its  the  humble  actuator.  sensors  actuators  m2m  https://bit.ly/33hldtr  by  continuing  on  this  site,  you  agree  to  sealevels  and
__label__environmentmonitoring central  dispatch  and  all  nearby  police  officers,  supervisors,  and  command  staff  get  immediate  alerts  that  a  gun  was  fired  near  a  police  officer.  the  officers  exact  location  is  shown  on  the  avail  map.  automatic  backup  to  shots  fired  radio  call.  video  recording  starts  automatically  on  recognition  of  a  gunshot.  central  dispatch  can  activate  live  video  streaming  from  the  bodyworn  camera  as  desired.  gunshot  causes  prior  2  minutes  of  video  and  audio  to  be  prepended  to  the  video  recording.  an  action  zone  around  the  police  officers  location  is  automatically  established.  all  other  bodyworn  and  invehicle  cameras  inside  the  action  zone  automatically
__label__environmentmonitoring start  video  recording.  all  cameras  inside  the  action  zone  capture  2  minute  smart  preevent  recording  with  video  and  audio.  all  video  recorded  inside  the  gunshot  action  zone  is  automatically  quarantined  for  command  staff  review.
__label__environmentmonitoring when  a  man  celebrating  the  new  year  fired  two  guns  into  the  sky  from  his  sacramento  backyard,  a  hightech  system  pinpointed  his  location  in  less  than  a  minute,  allowing  a  california  highway  patrol  airplane  to  capture  the  shooting  on  video.  moments  later,  he  was  arrested.  the  quick  response  was  possible  because  of  a  network  of  sound  sensors  placed  throughout  a  community  to  swiftly  triangulate  gunshots  and  give  officers  gps  coordinates  for  the  shootings,  often  within  30  to  45  seconds.  now,  one  state  lawmaker  is  looking  to  expand  the  use  of  the  technology  to  communities  throughout  the  state,  including  small,  cashstrapped
__label__environmentmonitoring cities  that  might  not  be  able  to  afford  an  adequate  police  force  or  the  shot  detection  system.  sacramento,  san  diego,  san  francisco  and  oakland  are  among  11  california  cities  that  currently  use  the  system,  called  .  it  can  curtail  gun  shooting  incidents  and  it  gives  law  enforcement  precise  information  on  where  shootings  occur  so  they  can  respond  quickly,  said  assemblyman  eduardo  garcia  dcoachella,  the  author  of  the  bill.  garcias  bill  would  provide  state  grants  to  law  enforcement  agencies  to  pay  for  gunshot  detection  systems  and  other  technology  to  improve  policing.  garcia  decided  to  introduce  the  bill  after  a  harrowing  incident
__label__environmentmonitoring last  new  years  eve  when  he  and  his  children,  ages  13  and  2,  were  afraid  to  leave  their  riverside  county  house  to  celebrate  at  midnight.  before  we  knew  it,  some  parts  of  our  area  started  to  sound  like  a  war  zone,  with  multiple  shots  going  up,  he  said.  i  told  them  were  not  going  outside.  what  goes  up  comes  down.  there  are  a  handful  of  firms  that  provide  technology  to  locate  gunshots.  shotspotter,  based  in  newark,  calif.,  has  been  used  by  some  90  police  agencies  worldwide.  the  sensors  are  installed  30  feet  above  ground  on  light  posts  and  building  tops
__label__environmentmonitoring and  are  continually  operating  to  register  gunfire.  if  a  loud  bang  occurs,  the  sound  is  analyzed  in  shotspotters  office  by  experts,  and  if  they  verify  that  it  is  a  gunshot  and  not  a  backfiring  car,  notice  is  provided  to  the  police  departments  dispatch  center,  usually  within  30  seconds.  that  gives  officers  a  jump  on  the  call  and  creates  a  significant  deterrent  for  firing  guns  in  neighborhoods  were  the  system  is  installed,  said  ralph  clark,  chief  executive  for  sst  inc.,  which  produces  shotspotter.  it  has  allowed  us  to  get  a  lot  of  bad  people  and  a  lot  of  guns  off  the
__label__environmentmonitoring streets,  said  sacramento  police  officer  brian  airoso,  part  of  a  special  team  dedicated  to  responding  to  shotspotter  calls.  officers  often  get  notification  so  quickly  that  they  can  still  hear  gunfire  as  they  approach  a  targeted  address,  and  they  have  arrived  to  find  people  still  holding  guns  with  the  smell  of  gunpowder  lingering  in  the  air.  shooters  are  usually  dumbfounded  by  the  quick  response,  airoso  said.  he  was  there  for  the  postmidnight  arrest  of  the  new  years  shooter  on  multiple  felonies,  including  use  of  a  stolen  handgun.  there  were  spent  bullet  casings  all  over  the  ground,  airoso  recalled.  civil  libertarians  say
__label__environmentmonitoring the  technology  should  be  considered  only  with  great  care  and  only  after  consultation  with  the  communities  in  which  it  might  be  installed.  gunshot  detection  technology  has  been  questioned  for  its  effectiveness,  costs  and  potential  privacy  impact  on  bystanders,  said  nicole  a.  ozer,  a  policy  director  for  the  american  civil  liberties  union  of  california,  which  has  not  yet  taken  a  position  on  the  bill.  the  privacy  concern  involves  the  potential  that  audio  sensors  could  pick  up  the  conversations  of  people  walking  by,  activists  say,  noting  cases  where  prosecutors  have  used  comments  recorded  by  sensors  as  evidence  in  court.  in  2010,  prosecutors
__label__environmentmonitoring in  oakland  won  a  conviction  in  the  murder  of  tyrone  lyles  after  his  last  words,  recorded  by  shotspotter,  were  played  in  court.  lyles  shouted  at  his  attacker,  using  a  nickname,  which  helped  police  identify  the  killer,  according  to  a  report  at  the  time  in  the  san  jose  mercury  news.  clark  said  his  firm  has  policies  to  address  privacy  concerns  for  the  system,  which  is  also  in  use  in  chicago  and  new  york  city.  the  system  is  designed  to  identify  gunshots,  not  record  conversations,  he  said,  but  sounds  made  right  before  and  after  a  gunshot  may  be  captured,  as  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring lyles  case.  copies  of  sound  from  the  continuously  running  system  are  kept  for  48  hours,  then  recorded  over.  only  short  snippets  of  recordings  with  gunshots  are  kept  longer,  he  said.  in  the  oakland  case,  the  victim  screamed  the  words  at  his  shooter  right  after  the  gunshot,  so  they  were  recorded,  clark  said.  that  was  not  a  conversation,  clark  said.  that  was  someone  screaming  out  after  they  got  shot.  even  so,  activists  with  the  electronic  frontier  foundation  and  the  aclu  have  concerns  about  potential  misuse.  communities  considering  these  tools  should  not  move  forward  without  a  thorough  assessment  of  these  questions,  regardless
__label__environmentmonitoring of  whether  grant  money  is  available,  ozer  said.  the  los  angeles  police  department  tried  the  technology  briefly  years  ago,  but  was  not  satisfied  with  it.  but  officials  are  in  discussions  to  possibly  try  the  technology  again,  said  officer  drake  madison,  a  spokesman  for  the  lapd.  the  technology  has  also  been  used  by  the  los  angeles  county  sheriffs  department  in  the  city  of  industry,  lynwood  and  the  willowbrook  area.  but  it  is  not  currently  in  use  in  part  because  of  finances,  said  lt.  cynthia  chavez  of  the  sheriffs  department.  its  going  to  cost  us  a  lot  of  money,  and  thats  something
__label__environmentmonitoring we  have  to  address,  she  said.  in  the  early  days,  the  system  had  glitches.  youd  catch  roosters  crowing,  she  said.  but  they  honed  it  in.  clark  said  the  technology  and  the  way  it  is  used  has  improved  in  the  last  five  years.  previously,  cities  had  to  analyze  the  sounds  and  decide  which  ones  were  gunshots,  and  that  did  not  always  work  well.  now  the  company  provides  that  service.  in  2015,  more  than  half  the  cities  using  the  system  saw  a  reduction  of  more  than  20  in  gunfire,  according  to  sst  inc.  the  sacramento  police  department  likes  the  technology  so  much
__label__environmentmonitoring that  it  is  expanding  its  use  into  a  second  area  of  the  city,  said  police  sgt.  bryce  heinlein.  the  capital  city  began  using  spotshotter  in  july  2015  in  the  del  paso  heights  area,  covering  a  threemile  radius.  it  used  money  raised  from  assets  seized  from  criminals  to  pay  the  180,000  cost  of  the  first  year  of  operations,  as  well  as  155,000  for  2016.  since  it  began  operating,  the  technology  has  resulted  in  officers  responding  to  270  gunshot  incidents,  resulting  in  310  arrests  and  the  confiscation  of  75  illegal  firearms,  heinlein  said.  its  very  effective,  he  said.  the  approved  expansion  into
__label__environmentmonitoring another  area  of  the  city  is  expected  to  cost  200,000.  garcia  said  he  hasnt  decided  how  much  money  the  state  should  provide  and  how  many  cities  might  get  grants  the  first  year.  that  is  an  issue  for  the  upcoming  budget  deliberations,  he  said.  but  he  sees  the  state  turning  more  to  technology  to  make  crime  fighting  more  efficient  and  effective  at  a  time  of  tight  city  budgets.  in  some  communities  its  not  just  new  years  eve  that  gunshots  are  heard  its  every  other  night,  to  the  point  where  you  have  children,  unfortunately,  getting  used  to  the  sound  of  a  gunshot
__label__environmentmonitoring ive  heard  that  shotspotter  not  only  listens  to  gunshots,  but  also  to  your  conversations.  and  this  as  you  know  is  illegal.  except  the  company  denies  it.  but  we  know.  shotspotter  is  a  very  expensive  system.  and  it  doesnt  work.  it  turns  out  that  the  company  has  been  robbing  taxpayers  for  23  years  maintenance  of  the  system  is  130  thousand  dollars  a  year  think  for  yourself  how  much  useful  the  police  could  buy  for  the  money.  mrs  doleac  does  not  mention  a  couple  of  researches  that  demonstrated  gunshot  detection  systems  may  reduce  gun  violence.  mares,  d.  y  e.  blackburn  2012.  evaluating
__label__environmentmonitoring the  effectiveness  of  an  acoustic  gunshot  location  system  in  st.  louis,  mo.  policing  vol.  6  1,  pp.  2642,  2012.  choi,  ks.,  m.  librett  y  t.  collins  2014.  an  empirical  evaluation:  gunshot  detection  system  and  its  effectiveness  on  police  practices.  police  practice  and  research,  vol.  15,  no.  1,  pp.  4861.  it  is  my  belief  that  there  must  be  a  greater  method  of  svreening  wjen  it  comes  to  the  distrobution  of  licemses.this  will  illiminate  sensliss  mishaps,draths  and  crominal  activity  within  our  society  comments  are  closed.  visual:  fpg/retrofile  rf  via  getty  ,  the  city  of  chicago  the  overwhelming  majority  from  handguns  for  the
__label__environmentmonitoring second  year  in  a  row,  and  for  only  the  third  time  since  2003,  according  to  data  reported  by  the  chicago  tribune.  science,  crime,  justice  that  brings  the  total  to  more  than  3,400  shootings  so  far  this  year.  sadly,  in  their  efforts  to  address  this  ,  police  officials  seem  to  be  placing  unfounded  faith  in  technology  to  solve  the  problem.  the  cpd  has  expanded  use  not  just  of  ,  for  example,  but  also  even  though  many  experts  question  the  latters  scientific  validity,  saying  it  does  not  reduce  homicides,  is  inherently  biased,  and  creates  a  new  layer  of  profiling.  now,  the  department
__label__environmentmonitoring its  use  of  acoustic  gunfire  detection  and  location  technology,  which  uses  audio  sensors,  gps  software,  and  machine  learning  algorithms  to  identify  and  locate  gunfire  as  it  happens.  the  system  then  feeds  these  gunfire  alerts,  along  with  approximate  locations,  to  police  commanders  and  officers  in  real  time.  officials  claim  these  systems  work  because  there  have  been  fewer  shootings  since  the  technology  was  deployed  in  two  police  districts.  but,  as  many  of  us  learned  in  firstyear  statistics  and  science  courses,  correlation  does  not  mean  causation.  the  technology  certainly  detects  gunfire,  but  there  is  no  independent  scientific  research  to  demonstrate  that  it  decreases
__label__environmentmonitoring gun  violence  in  chicago  or  anywhere  else.  the  gunfire  detection  system  used  in  chicago  was  developed  and  marketed  by  shotspotter,  a  san  francisco  bay  areabased  firm  that  has  become  the  global  leader  since  the  technology  was  introduced  about  20  years  ago.  shotspotter  first  arrived  in  chicago  in  2012  but  was  not  fully  operational  until  last  year  in  two  police  districts  englewood  on  the  citys  south  side  and  harrison  on  the  west  side  which  experience  disproportionate  levels  of  gun  violence.  since  then,  the  technology  has  migrated  to  .  cpd  recently  that  six  more  police  districts  would  receive  the  technology  by  the
__label__environmentmonitoring end  of  next  year,  which  will  bring  its  deployment  to  about  half  of  the  citys  22  patrol  districts,  local  reports.  gunfire  detection  employs  an  array  of  acoustic  sensors  each  about  the  size  of  a  small  toaster  placed  on  the  highest  local  rooftops,  utility  poles,  street  lights  and  other  structures  to  detect  and  locate  the  source  of  gunfire.  the  sensors  are  automatically  triggered  by  the  two  unique  audio  characteristics  of  gunfire:  the  muzzle  blast  following  the  explosion  inside  the  chamber  and  the  sonic  boom  that  occurs  when  the  bullet  travels  at  supersonic  speed.  the  system  pinpoints  the  exact  location  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring gunfire  by  a  triangulating  the  sound  from  three  sensors.  machine  learning  algorithms  factor  the  speed  of  sound  about  1,087  feet  per  second  at  32  degrees  fahrenheit  to  measure  the  difference  between  the  time  the  gunfire  is  detected  at  three  different  sensors.  we  try  to  put  sensors  on  the  highest  local  building  so  that  the  sound  goes  to  the  horizon,  shotspotter  cofounder  and  chief  scientist  robert  showen  said  when  we  chatted  over  the  phone  in  early  november.  if  four  or  more  sensors  respond,  the  system  votes  on  the  three  that  have  the  most  consistent  arrival  times  for  the  algorithm  to  use,
__label__environmentmonitoring explained  showen,  who  is  a  waveform  physicist  and  acoustics  expert.  unlike  the  human  ear,  which  is  helpfully  connected  to  the  human  brain,  computers  are  not  yet  smart  enough  to  quickly  distinguish  gunfire  from  other  sounds,  such  as  a  car  backfiring  or  fireworks,  showen  said.  the  gunfire  detection  system  is  trained  to  recognize  likely  gunfire  events.  the  geocoded  location  and  an  audio  snippet  are  automatically  transmitted  to  shotspotter  for  human  vetting.  once  confirmed,  the  gunfire  event  is  immediately  relayed  via  push  notifications  and  sms  alerts  to  police  dispatch  centers,  shift  commanders,  or  to  the  smartphones  of  individual  patrol  officers.  gunfire  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  detected,  geocoded,  vetted,  and  texted  to  police  dispatchers  in  less  than  a  minute  from  the  time  the  trigger  is  pulled.  the  recognition  of  gunfire  events  from  detection  to  location  to  human  vetting  to  the  dispatched  alerts  is  similar  to  the  and  machine  learning  algorithms  described  in  my  previous  convictions  columns.  a  highdensity  urban  environment  such  as  chicago  requires  up  to  two  dozen  strategically  placed  microphones  per  square  mile.  the  systems  accuracy  is  generally  within  65  feet  in  cities,  as  opposed  to  10  feet  in  flat,  open  spaces,  because  acoustic  waves  bend  around  buildings,  said  showen,  who  previously  worked  at
__label__environmentmonitoring sri  international  and  the  arecibo  observatory  in  puerto  rico.  shotspotter  that  cities  that  use  it  see  illegal  gunfire  plummet  by  an  average  of  35  percent  within  two  years.  local  media  and  some  national  outlets  have  reported  on  the  expansion  of  gunfire  detection  technology  in  chicago.  but  there  is  little  in  the  way  of  independent  research  supporting  shotspotters  claims  about  decreasing  gun  violence  or  any  other  positive  outcomes  for  that  matter.  this  may  be  why  the  chicago  police  department  ignored  my  email  requests  to  interview  their  chief  technology  officer  to  discuss  shotspotters  outcomes  and  its  expansion  in  chicago.  is  one  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  very  few  academics  who  has  studied  shotspotter.  shes  an  assistant  professor  of  public  policy  and  economics  at  the  university  of  virginia  who  specializes  in  the  economics  of  crime  and  how  technology  impacts  public  safety.  there  is  very  good  evidence  that  this  technology  detects  gunfire,  she  told  me  when  i  asked  her  about  the  chicago  police  departments  claims  that  shotspotter  was  behind  the  decrease  in  shootings.  but  does  it  have  an  impact  on  anything  that  we  care  about,  such  as  saving  lives  by  getting  victims  to  the  hospital  faster,  clearing  more  cases,  reducing  crimes,  or  decreasing  gun  violence?  we  have
__label__environmentmonitoring no  evidence.  more  than  90  cities  nationwide  use  shotspotter  despite  the  lack  of  independent  analysis.  and  in  fact,  there  are  hints  that  the  technology  doesnt  deliver  meaningful  benefits.  the  charlottemecklenburg  police  department  ended  its  fouryear  contract  in  february  2016  because  it  wasnt  successful  in  identifying  or  prosecuting  the  people  who  fired  the  shots  picked  up  by  the  system,  obtained  by  the  charlotte  observer  .  true  evidence  for  or  against  shotspotters  ability  to  decrease  gun  violence  is  lacking  for  one  key  reason:  the  companys  data  is  proprietary  and  closely  guarded.  doleac,  who  also  directs  uvas  ,  was  able  to  obtain  shotspotter
__label__environmentmonitoring data  in  two  cities  washington  d.c.  and  oakland,  california  through  the  freedom  of  information  act  to  study  the  impact  of  juvenile  curfew  laws  and  reported  versus  actual  levels  of  gunfire.  the  data  that  doleac  obtained  confirms  what  police  and  violence  researchers  have  said  for  decades,  namely,  that  only  a  fraction  of  gunfire  is  reported  to  911.  ,  according  to  a  study  she  conducted  with  purdue  economist  .  at  the  very  least,  one  could  expect  that  gunfire  detection  systems  could  decrease  police  response  times,  doleac  told  me  when  we  chatted  in  november.  but  its  difficult  to  home  in  on  this  or
__label__environmentmonitoring any  other  specific  outcome  because  shotspotter  owns  the  gunshot  data  that  its  sensors  collect  in  each  city.  clients  are  prohibited  from  releasing  data  to  the  public,  news  media,  or  researchers.  doleac  says  her  two  successful  foia  requests  were  outliers  and  flew  under  the  radar.  frustrating,  doleac  said,  because  these  data  would  be  a  goldmine  for  gun  violence  researchers.  one  of  the  biggest  challenges  in  that  area  of  research  is  the  poor  quality  of  the  data,  she  said,  referring  to  the  .  a  cache  like  shotspotters,  with  precise  timestamp  and  location  information,  could  help  determine  the  extent  of  underreported  gun  violence
__label__environmentmonitoring and  hotspots,  identify  some  types  of  firearms  being  used,  shoot  outs  in  progress,  police  and  ambulance  response  times,  and  more.  we  need  better  data  to  determine  which  policies  reduce  gun  violence.  these  data  are  perfect,  and  taxpayers  are  already  paying  to  collect  it.  gunfire  detection  systems  are  not  cheap.  shotspotter  costs  chicago  about  1.5  million  per  police  district,  paid  for  by  a  combination  of  public  and  private  funding,  local  reports.  thats  18  million  for  the  12  police  districts  where  the  technology  is  operational  or  targeted  for  installation.  the  city  is  also  its  video  surveillance  network  of  more  than  2,700  cameras.
__label__environmentmonitoring targeting  violenceprone  communities  with  resources  for  digital  surveillance  and  hightech  policing  might  seem  like  a  good  thing.  but  this  embrace  of  big  data  and  big  brother  doesnt  address  the  many  structural  barriers  and  socioeconomic  disparities  that  contribute  to  the  cycles  of  violence  concentrated  among  younger  african  american  men  in  these  communities,  such  as  poverty,  ,  deindustrialization,  housing  insecurity,  mental  health  challenges,  and,  racism.  i  have  a  huge  concern  with  these  technologies  because  corporations  are  benefitting  and  the  community  suffers,  said  ,  a  public  health  scientist  and  associate  professor  at  northeastern  illinois  universitys  carruthers  center  for  inner  city  studies.  i  dont
__label__environmentmonitoring want  to  be  negative  toward  any  tools  that  can  reduce  violence.  but  those  are  resourcesmillions  of  dollars  that  could  have  been  directed  to  these  communities  and  young  african  american  men  for  education.  williams  makes  a  point  that  has  often  been  minimized  or  ignored:  the  body  count  in  communities  with  heartbreaking  rates  of  gun  violence  will  keep  growing  until  policymakers  and  law  enforcement  address  some  of  the  many  socioeconomic  challenges  their  residents  face.  technology  like  gunfire  detection,  predictive  policing,  video  surveillance,  and  police  body  cameras  are  impressive  tools,  and  they  may  be  part  of  a  solution.  but  their  worth  must  be
__label__environmentmonitoring determined  empirically,  through  research  that  tracks  measurable  benefits  not  just  to  law  enforcement,  but  also  to  the  vitality  of  these  troubled  neighborhoods.  rod  mccullom  reports  on  the  intersection  of  science,  medicine,  race,  sexuality,  and  poverty.  he  has  written  for  the  atlantic,  the  nation,  and  scientific  american,  among  other  publications.
__label__environmentmonitoring advertisement  supported  by  by  the  new  york  police  department  has  started  using  a  detection  system  that  pinpoints  the  location  of  gunfire  and  sends  the  information  to  law  enforcement,  the  latest  move  to  modernize  the  nations  largest  police  force,  the  department  announced  on  monday.  the  system,  called  shotspotter,  is  used  in  several  major  cities.  it  works  by  installing  sensors  basically,  sensitive  microphones  around  an  area  to  pick  up  sounds  from  the  street  that  might  be  gunfire,  and  uses  the  sensors  to  locate  where  the  shots  were  fired.  it  then  sends  the  information  to  the  police  department.  as  part  of  a  pilot
__label__environmentmonitoring program,  shotspotter  sensors  are  being  placed  in  seven  precincts  in  the  bronx  and  10  in  brooklyn,  a  total  area  of  15  square  miles,  where  there  have  been  a  high  number  of  shootings.  the  sensors  in  the  bronx  began  working  shortly  after  midnight  on  monday,  and  sent  data  on  shots  fired  at  12:49  a.m.  the  sensors  in  brooklyn  will  start  collecting  data  shortly  after  midnight  next  monday.  today,  we  are  rolling  out  cutting  edge  technology  to  make  the  city  safer,  to  make  our  neighborhoods  safer,  to  keep  our  officers  safer,  said  mayor  bill  de  blasio,  who  appeared  with  william  j.  bratton,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  police  commissioner,  to  announce  the  initiative.  this  gunshot  detection  system  is  going  to  do  a  world  of  good  in  terms  of  going  after  the  bad  guys.  both  the  mayor  and  mr.  bratton  stressed  that  shotspotter  would  help  the  relationship  between  the  police  and  the  communities  where  they  work  while  also  helping  officers  respond  more  quickly  to  shootings.  still,  some  have  raised  concerns  about  how  the  data  might  be  used.  the  city  first  solicited  proposals  for  a  pilot  program  in  2009,  and  tested  a  system  from  safety  dynamics,  but  found  that  the  technology  yielded  too  many  false  alarms.  in  2014,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  city  again  sought  proposals,  after  mr.  de  blasios  campaign  promise  to  bring  gunfire  detection  software  to  the  city.  mr.  bratton  has  also  supported  the  measure;  he  sat  on  shotspotters  board  before  returning  as  commissioner,  but  has  since  resigned,  the  company  said.  shotspotter  is  used  in  cities  including  washington,  boston,  oakland,  san  francisco  and  minneapolis,  as  well  as  smaller  cities  like  east  chicago,  ind.,  according  to  ralph  a.  clark,  the  companys  chief  executive.  mr.  bratton  said  that  episodes  in  which  guns  are  fired  are  vastly  underreported.  on  average,  75  percent  of  shots  fired  called  in  by  shotspotter  are  never  called
__label__environmentmonitoring into  911,  he  said.  gun  violence  in  the  city  has  increased  this  year,  with  185  shootings  reported,  up  11  percent  from  the  same  period  last  year,  according  to  the  police  department.  mr.  bratton  said  that  shotspotters  data  might  further  raise  the  numbers,  since  more  gunshots  will  be  recorded  and  reported  to  the  police.  shotspotter  works  to  ensure  accuracy  by  requiring  that  three  sensors  pick  up  the  sound  of  gunfire;  additionally,  the  recordings  of  any  gunshots  are  sent  to  shotspotters  headquarters  in  newark,  calif.,  where  analysts  determine  whether  the  noises  were  gunshots  or  something  else  like  backfiring  cars  or  slamming  doors.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  twoyear  pilot  program  in  new  york  will  cost  1.5  million  annually,  mr.  bratton  said.  some  experts  and  elected  officials  are  raising  concerns  about  how  the  data,  which  belongs  to  the  police  department,  is  collected  and  used.  letitia  james,  the  citys  public  advocate,  has  introduced  a  bill  to  the  city  council  to  require  quarterly  reports  on  the  gunshots  recorded,  as  well  as  any  other  data  collected  by  the  shotspotter  system.  eben  moglen,  a  privacy  law  professor  at  columbia  university,  said  that  programs  like  shotspotter  have  fourth  amendment  implications.  if  potentially  incriminating  evidence  is  picked  up  by  the  microphones,  he  said,
__label__environmentmonitoring it  should  not  be  allowed  as  evidence,  because  it  constitutes  a  warrantless  search  and  seizure  by  collecting  public  sounds.  mr.  clark  said  that  shotspotter  has  received  inquiries  from  those  looking  to  improve  relations  between  police  officers  and  the  communities  they  serve  because  it  can  provide  more  information  on  cloudy  confrontations  between  police  and  civilians,  like  the  michael  brown  case  in  ferguson,  mo.  mr.  clark  said  that  shotspotter  was  able  to  find  that  the  source  of  the  gunfire  in  that  case  did  not  move  over  the  course  of  the  confrontation.  this  is  not  about  technology,  its  not  about  law  enforcement,  mr.
__label__environmentmonitoring shotspotter  is  the  audiosensing  technology  that  alerts  police  in  d.c.  and  about  90  other  citiesto  when  and  where  a  gun  has  been  fired  by  measuring  the  distance  from  its  many  sound  sensors.  within  45  seconds,  it  can  provide  not  only  a  detailed  location  for  the  origin  of  the  gunfire,  but  also  the  actual  sounds  for  an  officer  to  listen  to  as  they  speed  to  the  call.  washington  post  reporter  clarence  williams  sat  down  with  ralph  a.  clark,  the  president  and  chief  executive  of  sst,  which  devised  shotspotter,  to  find  out  the  details  about  how  the  technology  works  and  what  is
__label__environmentmonitoring its  future.  the  interview  has  been  edited  for  clarity  and  length.  shotspotter  is  an  acoustic  surveillance  technology  that  detects,  locates  and  alerts  on  outdoor  gunfire,  primarily.  we  do  that  through  a  design  of  sensors  that  we  deploy  in  coverage  areas.  these  sensors  are  designed  basically  to  ignore  ambient  noise,  and  trigger  and  time  stamp  impulsive  noises,  like  booms  or  bangs.  and  so  when  a  gun  is  fired,  that  sound  that  boom  or  bang  will  emanate,  and  because  we  are  spacing  sensors,  our  expectation  is  that  three  or  more  sensors  will  detect  that  boom  or  bang,  and  they  will  detect  it
__label__environmentmonitoring at  a  slightly  different  time.  and  we  are  able  to  use  that  time  differential  to  actually  triangulate  the  location  of  the  original  gunshot.  and  we  do  all  that  in  a  matter  of  30  to  45  seconds,  so  from  the  time  that  the  trigger  is  pulled  to  the  time  an  alert  shows  up  in  a  patrol  officers  car  or  a  dispatch  center  thats  30  to  45  seconds.  we  go  through  a  number  of  classification  techniques  as  well  to  knock  down  any  potential  false  positives.  we  are  leveraging  a  map,  that  is  for  sure.  we  are  resolving  to  a  specific  latitude/longitude.so  we
__label__environmentmonitoring know  the  specific  location  of  each  of  our  sensors,  and  now  the  other  part  of  the  math  problem  is  to  work  out  the  origin  of  that  original  boom  or  bang  had  to  be  in  this  particular  location  to  hit  these  five  or  six  sensors  at  five  or  six  different  times.  once  we  get  that  location,  which  is  a  latitude/longitude,  we  can  put  a  dot  on  a  map  that  has  a  latitude/longitude,  and  we  can  resolve  it  to  an  address.  the  way  we  get  the  address  information  typically  is  through  parcel  maps  through  the  agency  we  deal  with.  the  power  of
__label__environmentmonitoring what  we  do  is  actually  getting  officers  to  a  dot,  a  very  specific  dot,  which  could  be  front  of  the  yard,  back  of  the  yard,  side  of  the  driveway,  etc.  the  power  in  that  is  getting  that  officer  not  to  just  drive  by  that  particular  location  but  to  get  out  of  their  car.  oftentimes  if  they  are  not  encountering  the  perpetrator  or  aiding  the  victim,  they  can  recover  physical  forensic  evidence  in  the  form  of  shell  casings,  which  is  critically  important  with  respect  to  investigating  and  following  up  on  that  shooting.  imagine  a  screen,  if  you  will,  and  on  the
__label__environmentmonitoring right  side  of  the  screen  is  a  map.  if  you  are  familiar  with  google  maps  or  bing  maps,  think  about  a  map  and  think  about  a  dot  being  shown  on  a  map.  thats  one  thing  we  are  showing.  then  we  will  have  some  metadata  descriptions  about  the  particular  event  on  the  left  side  of  the  screen,  such  as  the  latitude/longitude,  the  address,  and  the  number  of  rounds  fired  in  that  particular  incident.  was  it  a  threeround  shooting?  was  it  a  sixround  shooting?  that  is  critically  important.  we  will  sometimes  append  data  based  on  what  we  hear  when  we  hear  a
__label__environmentmonitoring particular  event.  if  we  think  there  is  a  multiple  shooter  event  or  we  think  the  shooter  is  moving,  our  classifiers  will  append  the  alert  with  that  additional  information,  which  will  show  up  on  the  left  side  of  the  screen.  and  then  there  will  be  the  wave  forms  of  the  specific  recordings,  and  we  will  have  one  or  two  recordings  that  an  officer  can  listen  to.  so  think  about  a  sound  cloud  type  wave  form  that  you  see,  you  can  press  the  button,  and  the  officer  can  actually  hear  a  recording  snip  of  a  particular  event  so  they  know  exactly  what
__label__environmentmonitoring they  are  going  into.actually  having  an  officer  hear  that  sound  can  be  extremely  powerful  and  motivating  to  get  to  a  particular  location  very,  very  quickly.  from  an  officer  safety  point  of  view,  its  a  game  changer  to  go  from  89  percent  of  gunfire  sadly  going  unreported  by  the  communities  that  suffer  the  most,  to  a  police  department  having  complete  awareness  any  time  a  gun  is  fired.  to  be  able  to  have  it  delivered  very  quickly  and  very  precisely,  in  terms  of  a  very  specific  location,  with  the  actual  full  context  of  the  event  so  they  know  what  they  are  stepping
__label__environmentmonitoring into.  we  strive  to  do  a  really  good  job  in  not  having  false  negatives,  i.e.  missing  gunshots,  and  not  producing  false  positives.  on  the  latter  aspect,  we  kind  of  go  through  a  twostep  classification  process.  there  is  a  machine  learning  algorithms  that  can  distinguish,  for  the  most  part,  gunshots  vs.  nongunshots,  and  then  we  also  have  a  separate  human  review  process  where  humans  will  actually  listen  to  and  look  at  these  events  and  make  the  final  determination  if  its  a  gunshot  or  not.  thats  what  really  makes  it  a  30  to  45second  trigger  pull  to  alert  showing  up  vs.  a
__label__environmentmonitoring 15  to  30second  notification  process.  were  spending  an  extra  10  to  15  seconds  having  human  reviewers,  who  we  train  to  make  those  determinations.  the  one  thing  i  would  say  is  that  it  took  us  a  while  to  convince  them  d.c.  police  that  we  could  do  a  better  job  of  classification  than  they  could.  although  they  were  very  good,  just  by  the  nature  of  it,  they  couldnt  be  as  good  as  we  are  because  thats  all  we  do.  our  folks  arent  distracted  with  anything  else.  we  train  them  to  do  that.  they  get  to  see  gunfire  over  90  cities,  over  a
__label__environmentmonitoring long  period  of  time.  so  they  really,  really  are  expert  at  it.  in  our  relationships  with  our  customers,  we  try  to  drive  a  high  degree  of  intimacy.  which  means  when  we  are  helping  out,  we  like  to  hear  positive  and  constructive  feedback.  but  were  equally  passionate  about  hearing  where  we  have  produced  a  false  positive  or  even  a  false  negative.  that  information  is  very  helpful  to  us  to  kind  of  go  back  and  use  remedial  efforts  and  add  sensors.  its  not  a  perfect  system,  thats  to  be  sure.  we  have  a  very  high  service  level  agreement  standards,  but  we  know
__label__environmentmonitoring invariably  in  the  world  of  trying  to  detect,  locate  and  precisely  alert  on  gunfire,  we  are  going  to  have  some  misses  and  some  misclassifications.  thats  the  nature  of  the  beast.our  sla  standard  is  80  percent.  that  is  too  low  for  me.  if  we  are  at  80  percent,  we  really  suck  frankly.  i  always  defer  to  our  agency  partners  to  talk  about  how  they  use  the  system  specifically.  i  guess  i  would  make  the  more  general  commentary  that  the  thing  we  strive  most  around  our  relationship  with  customers  is  to  think  about  how  they  respond  to  and  investigate  gun  violence  in
__label__environmentmonitoring a  very  different  way.  if  you  think  about  what  we  do,  we  digitize  and  automate  the  notification,  location  and  alerting  of  gunfire,  which  is  a  very  analog,  messy  process  right  now.  it  doesnt  happen  80  to  90  percent  of  the  time  because  its  become  so  normalized  in  communities,  where  people  dont  call  911,  and  when  they  do  call,  it  takes  a  long  time  for  them  to  get  through.  they  dont  have  a  precise  location  to  send  anybody  to.  they  are  certainly  not  having  a  digital  recording  of  the  event.  in  this  digitized  world,  you  can  almost  think  of  our  system
__label__environmentmonitoring as  being  a  robot  if  you  will.  it  is  always  detecting,  precisely  locating,  with  very  rich  metadata  descriptions  of  the  number  of  rounds  counted,  digitized  recording,  etc.  and  this  is  happening  in  real  time,  30  to  45  seconds,  thats  game  change  right?  now  that  we  have  this  ability,  how  can  you  respond  differently  to  gun  violence?  for  me  its  like  equalizing  the  service  level  agreements  that  police  departments  have  with  their  communities.  we  all  know  if  a  gun  was  fired  in  georgetown,  youre  going  to  get  a  very  robust  response.  anacostia  deserves  the  same  response  that  georgetown  does.  even  if
__label__environmentmonitoring the  residents  dont  call  911.  officers  need  to  get  there,  get  out  of  their  car,  and  if  they  are  not  encountering  a  perpetrator  or  aiding  a  victim,  after  they  recover  the  physical  forensic  evidence,  they  are  knocking  on  doors,  asking,  mr.  clarence,  are  you  okay?  we  know  there  was  some  gunfire  here,  were  really  concerned  about  you.  when  you  do  that,  that  changes  the  relationship  between  the  community  and  the  police.  you  are  showing  up  in  service.  a  lot  of  times  people  want  to  look  at  our  technology  and  say  how  many  arrests  do  you  make  because  of  a  shotspotter
__label__environmentmonitoring activation?  they  dont  really  get  what  this  thing  is  about.  the  bigger  power  is  in  not  arresting  a  criminal  when  they  are  firing  the  gun,  but  preventing  the  criminal  from  firing  the  gun  in  the  first  place.  the  only  way  you  do  that  is  to  begin  to  denormalize  gun  violence  and  get  the  community  to  buy  into  the  fact  that  gun  violence  is  unacceptable  and  shouldnt  happen.  thats  a  very  philosophical  thing,  but  its  very,  very  powerful.  getting  agencies  and  cities  to  buy  into  that  is  really  what  we  have  to  be  about.  not  all  of  them  embrace  it  fully.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  first  thing  is  that  you  have  to  acknowledge  the  pain  that  these  communities  are  feeling.  thats  what  our  system  does  unabashedly.  we  dont  need  any  help  from  anybody  to  transparently  report  on  the  incidents.  once  those  incidents  become  more  transparent  you  have  an  obligation,  a  responsibility  to  do  something  about  that.  and  sometimes  thats  a  bit  of  a  delicate  dance  with  the  police  department,  generally  speaking.  this  is  much  more  of  a  preventive  exercise  rather  than  catching  criminals  with  guns  in  their  hands.  we  do  an  annual  gunfire  index,  weve  seen  35  percent  reductions  on  yearoveryear  gun  violence,  i
__label__environmentmonitoring think  thats  a  very  strong  indicator  of  the  impact.  typically,  after  two  or  three  years  of  operations,  we  are  seeing  those  kinds  of  very  large  doubledigit  reductions  in  gun  violence  in  the  coverage  areas,  where  were  deploying.  we  are  very  careful  and  humble  not  to  believe  we  are  the  complete  straw  that  stirs  the  drink  with  respect  to  that.  in  a  very  selfselection  process,  we  are  part  of  an  overall,  comprehensive  strategy.  the  reason  we  are  going  to  be  successful  is  any  chief  and  city  that  adopts  our  technology  probably  has  a  more  forward  leaning  posture  on  gun  violence  reduction.
__label__environmentmonitoring so  theyre  not  just  doing  shotspotter,  theyre  doing  other  things  as  well,  and  all  those  things  together  are  contributing  to  these  declines.  we  leverage  mapping  we  know  our  coverage  area,  we  collaborate  with  the  agencies  who  say  im  interested  in  covering  five  square  miles.  we  like  it  to  be  as  close  to  a  circle  as  possible  to  make  it  more  efficient  for  our  sensors.  we  are  deploying  15  or  20  sensors  per  square  mile.  we  are  responsible  for  maintaining  the  sensors  because  we  are  providing  a  service,  we  arent  asking  the  city  or  agency  to  buy  equipment  and  maintain  sensors.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  are  responsible  for  getting  the  permissions  to  deploy  our  sensors  on  rooftops  and  the  like.thats  what  its  about.  thats  a  really  important  part  of  what  we  do.  we  have  a  fullon  detailed  forensic  report,  with  all  the  chain  of  custody  and  all  that  stuff.  we  have  expert  witness  resources  available  to  go  and  testify  in  court.  we  have  three  people  in  our  company  that  all  they  do  pretty  much  is  fly  around  the  country  and  support  district  attorneys,  who  werent  successful  in  getting  da  advantaged  plea  bargains.  for  those  cases  that  do  go  to  court,  we  are  participating  in
__label__environmentmonitoring a  number  of  those  and  have  survived  all  challenges  to  that.  it  is  forensically  accepted  in  over  17  states  and  federal  courts  the  digital  world  is  very  precise,  very  fast.  you  cant  argue  the  facts  and  stuff.  its  not  your  interpretation  vs.my  interpretation.  i  can  say,  two  rounds  fired  here  at  this  time.  i  can  let  you  listen  to  it.  i  can  send  it  around  to  other  places  if  we  need  to  and  have  other  people  collaborate  around  that.its  extremely  powerful  we  are  raising  soldiers  in  some  of  these  communities.  that  never  gets  captured  in  any  ucr  fbi  data.  it
__label__environmentmonitoring just  doesnt.  when  people  talk  about  capturing  criminals  with  guns,  were  measuring  the  wrong  thing,  i  think.  the  thing  that  youre  not  measuring  that  has  much  more  impact,  which  is  parents,  families  raising  kids  to  be  soldiers.  whats  the  output  of  that?  dropout  rates,  teenage  pregnancy,  alcohol  abuse,  drug  abuse,  violent  crime,  etc.  i  have  been  raised  to  be  a  soldier.  my  expectations  and  options  have  been  cut  off  to  me.  thats  the  thing  we  want  to  impact.  we  dont  want  families  raising  soldiers.  they  shouldnt  have  to.  free  daily  updates  delivered  just  for  you  by  signing  up  you  agree
__label__environmentmonitoring keep  me  logged  in  various  kinds  of  indoor  and  outdoor  gunshot  detection  systems  are  on  the  market  today,  including  some  developed  originally  for  military  use  on  the  battlefields  in  afghanistan  and  iraq.  there  is  a  growing  interest  in  gunfire  detection  technology  by  major  police  agencies  around  the  nation,  from  new  york  to  los  angeles.  also,  some  educational  and  commercial  customers,  including  hotels,  are  starting  to  buy  devices  that  identify  indoor  active  shoot  incidents.  renewed  interest  in  gunfire  detection  systems  follows  the  oct.  2  shooting  in  las  vegas  where  a  gunman  opened  fire  from  a  hotel  and  targeted  people  at  a
__label__environmentmonitoring music  festival.  the  mass  shooting  killed  58  people  and  wounded  hundreds  of  others.  one  of  the  detection  systems  is  known  as  amberbox  and  resembles  a  smoke  detector  and  is  used  to  detect  and  alert  security  and  first  responders  to  indoor  active  shooter  incidents.  amberbox  is  used  in  educational,  commercial  including  hotels  and  government  locations.  we  have  certainly  seen  increased  interest  in  the  product  and  greater  urgency  from  those  in  the  process  of  implementing  the  technology,  especially  in  the  west,  in  conjunction  with  the  incident  in  las  vegas,  said  sophie  sinclairkemp,  a  spokesperson  for  amberbox.  in  fact,  the  company  spokesperson  said
__label__environmentmonitoring a  series  of  vendors  are  now  implementing  the  amberbox  technology  at  a  mix  of  commercial  and  educational  locations  in  the  las  vegas  area.  the  company  said  its  amberbox  technology  can  reduce  false  alarms  and  response  time  to  shootings  by  automating  the  emergency  process  since  it  can,  upon  activation,  automatically  alert  building  security  and  first  responders.  the  system  provides  gunshot  location,  movement  of  shooter,  gunshot  times  and  total  number  of  shots  fired.  the  amberbox  system  is  designed  to  distinguish  between  gunfire  sounds  and  other  loud  noises  to  minimize  any  false  readings.  even  so,  experts  say  none  of  the  systems  have  100
__label__environmentmonitoring percent  accuracy.  another  gunfire  detection  technology  is  known  as  sentri,  short  for  sensor  enabled  neural  threat  recognition  and  identification.  it  is  portable  or  can  be  at  fixed  locations  and  detect  gunfire  or  the  acoustic  signatures  of  other  incidents  such  as  glass  breaking  or  explosives.  in  the  case  of  las  vegas,  if  we  had  been  there  either  indoors  or  within  a  range  of  being  able  to  pick  it  up  outdoors  we  would  have  picked  up  that  glass  breaking,  said  sally  fernandez,  president  of  safety  dynamics,  an  arizonabased  company  known  for  its  sentri  system.  and  we  would  have  picked  up  the  first
__label__environmentmonitoring shots.  she  said  the  companys  sensor  system  is  installed  indoors  and  outdoors  at  places  such  as  airports,  power  plants,  housing  projects,  big  city  streets  as  well  as  federal  reserve  bank  locations.  police  in  baltimore  use  the  technology  and  other  agencies  have  installed  mobile  versions  of  the  system.  applications  today  need  something  thats  more  portable,  fernandez  said.  sentri  was  developed  with  both  military  and  independent  funding.  it  has  military  applications  but  has  been  available  to  the  private  sector  for  more  than  a  decade.  another  gunfire  detection  system  on  the  market  today  is  shotspotter,  known  especially  for  getting  installed  in  neighborhoods  with
__label__environmentmonitoring high  incidents  of  gun  violence.  as  of  march  31,  the  newark,  california,  company  had  customers  with  coverage  areas  in  89  cities  and  municipalities  across  the  u.s.,  including  four  of  the  10  largest  cities.  besides  large  police  forces,  sells  an  outdoor  and  indoor  gunfire  detection  system  available  to  college  campuses,  airports,  train  stations  and  other  locations.  the  company,  which  was  founded  in  the  mid1990s,  went  public  in  june.  shotspotter  features  microphone  sensor  devices  installed  about  35  to  40  feet  off  the  ground  that  listen  for  gunfire  incidents.  when  the  gunfire  is  detected  by  the  installed  sensors,  the  companys  incident  review  center
__label__environmentmonitoring quickly  analyzes  and  validates  the  data  and  helps  locate  where  the  incident  occurred.  right  now  shotspotter  is  available  in  certain  areas  of  the  city,  and  were  trying  to  expand  it  to  other  areas,  said  jose  estrada,  a  spokesperson  for  the  chicago  police  department.  similarly,  washington,  d.c.,  has  been  using  shotspotter  for  roughly  a  decade  and  san  diego  deployed  it  just  under  a  year  ago.  new  york,  denver,  minneapolis  and  miami  also  use  it.  in  new  york,  the  system  is  live  in  areas  of  brooklyn,  the  bronx  as  well  as  parts  of  upper  manhattan.  in  all,  there  are  more  than  54
__label__environmentmonitoring square  miles  now  covered  in  the  city,  and  between  5  and  25  sensors  installed  per  square  mile.  finally,  another  gunfire  detection  technology  is  from  ,  the  defense  contractor.  the  boomerangbrand  shooter  detection  system  was  first  used  by  the  u.s.  military  and  later  adapted  for  law  enforcement  agency  use.  theres  a  portable  warriorx  version  of  boomerang  weighing  just  12  ounces  that  can  be  worn.  theres  also  equipment  that  can  be  placed  on  armored  vehicles  or  police  cars.  in  afghanistan,  the  boomerang  iii  was  introduced  in  2011  by  the  u.s.  and  coalition  forces  and  proved  effective  pinpointing  sniper  locations.  at  one  point,
__label__environmentmonitoring there  were  over  10,000  boomerang  systems  deployed  in  the  battlefield,  helping  to  protect  troops  in  and  .  raytheon  doesnt  actually  sell  the  law  enforcement  version  but  licenses  it  to  shooter  detection  systems  sds,  a  rowley,  massachusettsbased  firm.  sds  also  sells  an  indoor  system  for  the  commercial  market  known  as  guardian  and  an  outdoor  version  for  the  private  sector  known  as  boomerangspectum.  were  working  with  mostly  fortune  1,000  companies  and  installing  the  indoor  system  across  the  country  right  now,  said  christian  connors,  ceo  for  sds.  theres  obviously  renewed  interest  but  there  was  even  before  the  vegas  shooting.  connors  said  hes  had
__label__environmentmonitoring several  casino  companies  show  interest  in  the  technology  and  added  theres  an  installation  coming  up  this  month  at  a  major  sports  stadium.  the  stadium  location  cant  be  disclosed  due  to  security  concerns.  got  a  confidential  news  tip?  we  want  to  hear  from  you.  sign  up  for  free  newsletters  and  get  more  cnbc  delivered  to  your  inbox  get  this  delivered  to  your  inbox,  and  more  info  about  our  products  and  services.  2019  cnbc  llc.  all  rights  reserved.  data  is  a  realtime  snapshot  data  is  delayed  at  least  15  minutes.  global  business  and  financial  news,  stock  quotes,  and  market  data  and  analysis.
__label__environmentmonitoring gunshots  broke  out  shortly  after  6  p.m.  thursday,  and  within  moments  baltimore  police  officers  nearby  received  an  alert  on  their  cellphones.  the  message  told  them  gunfire  was  detected  at  6:08  p.m.  on  eutaw  place  in  bolton  hill.  a  map  of  the  location  appeared  on  their  phones.  officers  arrived  within  seconds.  those  shots  were  the  first  recorded  by  baltimores  new  gunshot  detection  system,  a  series  of  audio  sensors  on  streetlights  and  rooftops  listening  to  five  square  miles  of  west  baltimore.  on  friday,  police  announced  that  the  longawaited  shotspotter  network  had  recorded  four  incidents  of  gunfire  during  its  first  night  on  the
__label__environmentmonitoring job.  its  going  to  aid  us  significantly  in  the  crime  fight,  interim  baltimore  police  commissioner  gary  tuggle  said.  police  and  city  leaders  have  tried  for  years  to  bring  a  gunshot  detection  system  to  baltimore.  shotspotter  went  live  thursday  at  5  p.m.  police  found  no  victims  from  the  first  four  incidents.  but  they  found  shell  casings  from  gunfire  detected  1:37  a.m.  friday  on  north  bentalou  street.  the  network  relies  on  dozens  of  audio  sensors  installed  30  to  40  feet  off  the  ground.  each  sensor  records  the  sound,  time  and  location  of  sudden  noises  like  booms  and  bangs.  these  recordings  are  filtered
__label__environmentmonitoring through  computer  algorithms  and  screened  by  listeners  day  and  night  at  shotspotter  headquarters  in  california  and  by  police  analysts  in  baltimore.  they  send  the  cellphone  alerts  within  seconds.  sensors  retain  the  recordings  for  72  hours.  across  the  country,  police  are  increasingly  turning  to  gunshot  detection  systems.  cincinnati  police  began  using  shotspotter  in  august.  they  said  most  gunshots  go  unreported  and  neighbors  called  911  in  only  about  one  in  six  incidents.  baltimore  officials  have  considered  installing  an  audio  shotdetection  system  several  times  during  the  last  decade,  and  to  purchase  the  equipment.  the  city  abandoned  plans  in  2015  to  buy  gunshot  detection
__label__environmentmonitoring equipment,  despite  a  305,000  state  grant  to  help  cover  the  costs.  officials  said  at  the  time  that  the  cost  to  use  the  technology  would  take  away  from  other  crimefighting  efforts.  city  officials  want  to  install  a  gunfire  detection  system  to  help  baltimore  police  pinpoint  where  shootings  are  happening,  technology  that  a  previous  police  commissioner  called  a  horrible,  horrible  failure.  but  as  the  technology  has  become  more  reliable,  police  say  it  is  a  powerful  new  tool  in  crime  fighting.  shotspotter  will  be  a  cornerstone  of  the  new  police  nerve  centers  opening  in  east  and  west  baltimore.  the  centers  will  also  use
__label__environmentmonitoring realtime  data  to  pinpoint  crime  hot  spots  and  dispatch  officers  there  a  model  known  as  predictive  policing.  baltimore  police  plan  to  roll  out  shotspotter  across  five  square  miles  of  east  baltimore  by  the  end  of  this  month.  they  say  the  technology  will  alert  offices  to  a  shooting  in  about  45  seconds.  were  trying  to  make  our  response  time  a  lot  quicker,  tuggle  said.  he  stressed  that  the  system  is  not  intended  to  replace  911.  tuggle  urged  residents  to  continue  calling  police  if  they  hear  gunfire.  reviews  of  the  technology  have  found  that  frequent  alerts  do  not  necessarily  translate  to  arrests.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  technology  does  not  always  lead  police  to  the  right  location,  and  other  loud  noises,  such  as  fireworks,  can  trigger  alerts.  some  problems  were  uncovered  by  a  critical  report  by  the  center  for  investigative  reporting.  the  report  found  that  of  the  3,000  alerts  issued  by  shotspotter  in  san  francisco  over  2  1/2  years,  two  arrests  were  made;  one  was  gunrelated.  five  cities  with  shotspotter  have  let  their  contracts  run  out,  including  charlotte,  n.c.,  and  quincy,  wash.,  according  to  the  report.  baltimore  police,  however,  say  they  tested  the  technology  extensively  and  placed  the  sensors  in  strategic  locations  to  avoid  the  false
__label__environmentmonitoring positives  from  loud  noises  echoing  among  downtown  buildings.  they  also  said  the  recordings  have  proven  admissible  in  court.  police  received  an  860,000  grant  from  bloomberg  philanthropies  to  pay  for  shotspotter  in  east  and  west  baltimore  for  one  year.  they  will  review  the  results  after  the  year  and  decide  whether  to  continue  and  expand.  mayor  catherine  pugh  said  in  a  statement  that  shes  hopeful  shotspotter  will  help  reduce  gun  violence  in  the  city,  which  has  seen  to  date.  of  those  killings,  99  have  been  shooting  deaths.  we  are  confident  that  the  implementation  of  this  sophisticated  intelligence  gathering  capability  will  enhance  our
__label__environmentmonitoring efforts  to  get  illegal  guns  and  criminals  off  our  streets,  pugh  said.  shotspotter  is  used  in  more  than  90  cities  in  the  u.s.  baltimore  police  provided  statistics  that  show  camden,  n.j.,  and  springfield,  mass.,  saw  gunfire  reduce  nearly  50  percent  since  deploying  shotspotter.  the  associated  press  contributed  to  this  article.
__label__environmentmonitoring wednesday,  june  19,  2019  by  photo  by  above:  shotspotter  listening  device  is  pictured  on  top  of  a  light  pole,  june  17,  2019.  shotspotter  was  introduced  in  san  diego  more  than  two  years  ago.  some  say  its  a  waste  of  money  though  police  say  its  a  powerful  crimefighting  tool.  aired:  june  20,  2019  in  late  2016,  san  diego  joined  about  100  cities  nationwide  that  use  a  gunshot  detection  system  called  shotspotter.  before  the  was  launched,  the  only  way  police  would  know  to  respond  to  shots  fired  was  to  either  be  in  the  area  or  respond  to  people  calling  911.  when  the
__label__environmentmonitoring community  doesnt  call  us  and  let  us  know  that  theres  a  situation  going  on,  either  through  911  or  the  nonemergency  line,  we  wont  know  about  it,  san  diego  police  lt.  shawn  takeuchi  said.  of  course,  police  want  people  to  call  911  if  they  hear  gunshots.  but  with  shotspotter  theyre  notified  within  a  minute  of  a  gun  being  used.  the  system  uses  sensors  mounted  on  light  poles.  it  triangulates  the  sound,  giving  police  a  precise  location  of  where  the  gunfire  happened.  takeuchi  said  that  allows  police  to  get  on  scene  quickly  enough  to  preserve  evidence,  perhaps  even  to  capture  a  shooter.
__label__environmentmonitoring city  data  was  used  to  determine  where  to  deploy  shotspotter.  that  data  showed  most  gunshot  calls  came  from  four  neighborhoods  in  southeast  san  diego:  valencia  park,  lincoln  park,  ofarrell  and  skyline/paradise  hills.  but  those  neighborhoods  are  not  necessarily  supportive  of  shotspotter.  that  does  not  prevent  a  crime  from  happening  and  it  does  not  help  you  to  solve  a  crime,  said  longtime  community  activist  bishop  cornelius  bowser.  bowser  said  the  shotspotter  system  was  installed  with  no  community  input.  that  did  not,  and  does  not,  sit  well  with  people  in  southeast  san  diego.  thats  not  the  way  you  build  trust.  thats  not
__label__environmentmonitoring the  way  that  you  work  with  the  community  to  keep  the  community  safe,  bowser  said.  but  lt.  takeuchi  said  sdpd  is  very  focused  on  community  policing,  the  building  of  trust  with  the  people  they  police.  without  community  trust,  its  very,  very  difficult  for  a  department  to  operate,  and  we  recognize  that.  we  understand  that  and  we  value  that,  takeuchi  said.  but  bowser  said  theres  another  problem  with  shotspotter.  there  is  skepticism  in  the  community,  some  fearing  a  big  brother  type  scenario  where  the  shotspotter  devices  could  actually  be  listening  to  conversations.  photo  by  shotspotter  listening  device  pictured  atop  light  pole,
__label__environmentmonitoring june  17,  2019.  takeuchi  said  the  system  does  not  capture  conversations.  its  looking  for  specific  soundwaves  and  when  those  soundwaves  trigger  the  system,  thats  when  the  recording  occurs,  he  said.  the  city  is  in  the  middle  of  a  fouryear,  1  million  contract  with  shotspotter.  bowser  said  its  a  waste  of  money.  that  million  dollars  could  be  going  to  something  thats  way  more  effective  and  this  does  not  help  build  community  trust  and  accountability,  he  said.  takeuchi  disagrees.  if  gunfire  were  to  erupt,  and  we  get  to  a  location  where  no  911  calls  were  received  and  theres  an  individual  thats  been
__label__environmentmonitoring shot,  and  were  able  to  render  first  aidwere  able  to  save  that  persons  lifei  think  the  system  has  paid  for  itself,  takeuchi  said.  in  the  area  where  shotspotter  is  now  deployed,  there  was  an  average  of  four  murders  a  year  in  the  years  leading  up  to  its  installation.  over  the  last  twoandahalf  years,  there  havent  been  any.  whether  that  has  anything  to  do  with  shotspotter,  is  anyones  guess.  find  us  on  and  ,  or  .  to  view  pdf  documents,  .  2019  kpbs  public  media
__label__environmentmonitoring by  jan.  22,  2019  6:30  p.m.  courtesy  of  shotspotter  a  shotspotter  incident  review  center  in  the  first  eleven  days  of  2019,  six  people  were  shot  and  killed  in  durham.  there  were  two  double  homicides,  including  one  whose  victims  were  a  young  mother  and  her  tenmonthold  baby.  police  consider  three  deadly  incidents  cases  of  domestic  violence.  one  man  was  found  dead  after  a  standoff  with  county  deputies,  his  son  charged  with  his  murder.  and,  in  broad  daylight,  two  teenage  girls  were  struck  by  bullets  fired  by  gang  members  shooting  at  each  other  from  their  vehicles,  inflicting  nonlifethreatening  injuries.  every  time  a
__label__environmentmonitoring person  is  shot  in  durham,  it  rips  a  hole  in  a  family.  it  rips  a  hole  in  a  neighborhood.  it  rips  a  hole  in  a  community,  durham  mayor  steve  schewel  said  at  a  last  week.  there  were  fewer  gun  crimes  in  2018  than  the  three  years  prior,  despite  durhams  population  growth.  but  these  recent  shootings  have  alarmed  the  community,  kept  officers  working  long  hours,  and  caused  elected  officials  to  examine  the  citys  approach  to  combating  gun  violence.  its  against  this  backdrop  that  durham  officials,  police,  and  sheriffs  office  representatives  will  get  a  pitch  next  week  from  a  company  called  shotspotter
__label__environmentmonitoring to  install  its  gunshotdetection  technology  around  the  city.  if  the  tech  is  installed,  sensors  placed  throughout  the  city  will  listen  for  short,  explosive  sounds  like  gunshots.  when  the  sensors  are  activated,  an  audio  clip  will  be  sent  to  machine,  and  in  some  cases  human,  reviewers  to  confirm  whether  the  recording  is  actually  of  gunfire.  if  it  is,  local  police  will  be  dispatched  to  the  scene.  ,  this  all  takes  place  within  seconds.  the  is  to  get  police  to  the  scene  faster,  dispatch  them  to  incidents  that  arent  reported  to  911,  and  give  them  information  on  the  kind  of  evidencelike  the
__label__environmentmonitoring number  of  shots  and  caliber  of  the  gunto  look  for  when  they  arrive.  shotspotter  ,  saying  the  devices  detect  90  of  gunfire  incidents  with  a  precise  location  in  less  than  sixty  seconds.  but  questions  have  been  raised  over  whether  shotspotter  actually  helps  reduce  crimeand  whether  the  sensors  could  be  used  to  record  more  than  rounds  fired  in  the  street.  developed  in  the  1990s  from  earthquakedetection  technology,  shotspotter  is  in  use  in  about  ninety  cities  across  the  u.s.,  including  rocky  mount,  wilmington,  goldsboro,  and  greenville  in  north  carolina.  according  to  company  spokeswoman  liz  einbinder,  shotspotter  sensors  can  detect  gunshots  up  to
__label__environmentmonitoring a  mile  away.  the  devices  dont  have  live  audio  streaming  capabilities  and  are  only  activated  when  a  gunshotlike  sound  is  detected.  the  three  closest  sensors  then  triangulate  the  exact  location  of  the  event  within  eightytwo  feet,  according  to  the  company.  the  sensorsideally  installed  thirty  feet  above  the  ground,  most  commonly  on  the  tops  of  public  and  commercial  buildingscant  detect  gunfire  indoors.  city  council  member  markanthony  middleton  has  been  advocating  for  the  city  to  consider  shotspotter  since  2015,  when  he  saw  it  in  action  as  part  of  a  local  delegation  that  traveled  to  boston.  middleton  grew  up  in  brooklyn  and  remembers
__label__environmentmonitoring gunfire  being  so  commonplace  that  neighbors  stopped  calling  the  cops.  sometimes,  he  says,  what  would  happen  is  that  when  you  get  up  the  next  morning,  theres  a  body  in  the  park  because  somebody  actually  did  get  shot,  but  because  we  had  become  so  desensitized,  people  had  stopped  calling  the  police.  while  he  wants  to  hear  more  from  shotspotter  and  the  community,  he  says  that,  given  the  level  of  gun  violence  in  durham,  it  would  be  irresponsible  not  to  discuss  the  technology.  city  officials  first  considered  installing  shotspotter  nearly  two  years  ago  but  didnt  move  forward  because  they  worried  about  the
__label__environmentmonitoring expense.  as  city  manager  thomas  bonfield  explains,  gun  crimes  arent  concentrated  in  one  neighborhood,  which  means  the  city  would  need  to  install  sensors  across  the  city  to  be  effective.  the  larger  the  coverage  area,  the  higher  the  bill.  in  2017,  shotspotter  crafted  covering  parts  of  east  durham  and  areas  around  n.c.  central.  according  to  the  proposal,  the  city  would  pay  a  onetime  10,000  onboarding  fee,  10,000  per  square  mile  for  installation,  and  an  annual  service  fee  of  65,000  per  square  mile.  to  cover  the  threesquaremile  area  in  east  durham  outlined  by  the  proposal,  durham  would  pay  235,000  for  the  first
__label__environmentmonitoring year.  the  city  has  been  talking  with  n.c.  central  and  duke  about  splitting  the  cost,  which  wouldnt  be  unique.  the  city  of  greenville  is  sharing  its  costs  with  east  carolina  university,  the  local  medical  center,  the  sheriffs  office,  and  the  public  housing  authority.  its  expensive,  but  so  are  human  lives,  middleton  says.  what  price  do  you  place  on  a  bull  city  residents  life?  while  working  for  the  atlanta  police  department,  durham  police  chief  c.j.  davis  worked  with  the  shotspotter  representatives  in  atlanta  to  assess  its  use,  according  to  the  durham  police  department.  since  her  departure  in  2016,  atlanta  has  implemented
__label__environmentmonitoring shotspotter.  davis  declined  an  interview  request.  other  cities  durham  consulted  say  the  technology  helped  officers  respond  to  more  shootings  faster,  bonfield  says.  but  it  hasnt  always  reduced  the  number  of  gun  crimes.  everybody  has  confirmed  that  the  system  was  very,  very  accurate,  bonfield  says.  theres  no  question  about  the  accuracy.  the  question  was,  whats  the  result  of  getting  there  quicker?  sergeant  brad  summerlin  of  the  rocky  mount  police  department  says  shotsfired  incidents  there  have  decreased  by  60  percent  since  2012,  the  first  full  year  after  the  city  became  the  first  in  north  carolina  to  adopt  shotspotter.  according  to  summerlin,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring technology  is  helping  officers  get  guns  off  the  street  and  arrest  the  people  using  them  illegally,  leading  to  a  decline  in  gun  crimes.  while  the  sensors  have  picked  up  firecrackers  and  other  loud  noises,  he  says,  those  alerts  get  filtered  out  and,  to  his  knowledge,  officers  had  never  been  dispatched  to  a  false  alarm.  that  hasnt  been  the  experience  of  all  cities  employing  the  technology.  in  2016,  forbes  obtained  shotspotter  data  and  found  that,  across  seven  cities,  authorities  dispatched  by  a  shotspotter  alert  were  unable  to  find  evidence  of  gunshots  when  they  arrived  between  30  and  70  percent  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring time.  the  majority  of  shotspotter  alerts  lead  to  police  closing  the  incident  with  words  such  as  unfounded,  unable  to  locate,  or  gone  on  arrival,  law  enforcement  jargon  for:  we  didnt  find  anything,  .  outside  of  annual  highlights,  .  over  the  course  of  about  a  year  and  a  half,  forbes  reported,  shotspotter  devices  in  wilmington  produced  1,278  results.  a  third  of  the  time,  law  enforcement  didnt  find  evidence  of  a  shooting,  and  only  five  arrests  were  made.  in  2016,  charlotte  decided  shotspotter  hadnt  led  to  enough  arrests  to  justify  renewing  an  annual  160,000  contract,  the  charlotte  observer  .  its  unclear  why
__label__environmentmonitoring some  officers  dispatched  by  shotspotter  alerts  dont  find  evidence  of  a  shooting.  but  it  is  clear  that  shotspotter,  by  design,  sends  cops  to  the  neighborhoods  being  monitored  by  its  sensors  more  often  than  they  were  beforeand  when  they  arrive,  theyre  prepared  to  find  a  shooter.that  could  create  tension  in  communities  that  are  already  heavily  policed,  says  state  aclu  spokeswoman  molly  rivera.  we  know  that  shotspotter,  just  like  other  surveillance  technologies  that  are  used  by  police,  are  used  especially  against  communities  of  color,  and  it  creates  an  oppressive  and  stigmatizing  environment  in  which  that  community  and  the  people  who  live  within
__label__environmentmonitoring that  community  are  treated  like  prospective  criminals,  says  rivera.  theyre  going  in  expecting  to  find  an  active  shooter,  and  entering  a  community  like  that  creates  a  particular  environment.  that  shotspotter  could  violate  peoples  fourth  amendment  rights  against  unreasonable  searches  by  recording  dialogue,  intentionally  or  not.  while  shotspotter  sensors  arent  activated  by  human  voices,  they  have  recorded  people  talking  around  gunfire  in  which  a  victims  dying  words  have  been  captured  and  used  to  secure  a  conviction.  our  technology  and  privacy  policy  allow  us  to  provide  only  a  few  seconds  of  audio  just  before  and  after  a  gunshot,  says  einbinder.  if  voices
__label__environmentmonitoring are  concurrent  with  the  gunshot,  and  they  are  loud  enough  and  close  enough  to  a  sensor,  then  they  may  be  captured  in  the  audio  alert  snippet.  but  that  is  a  very  rare  occurrence  and  far  from  a  conversation.  jeff  welty,  an  associate  professor  of  public  law  and  government  at  unc,  says  that  while  i  dont  think  the  question  is  completely  settled,  its  unlikely  that  the  technology  would  rise  to  the  level  of  a  fourth  amendment  violation  because  these  conversations  are  typically  in  outdoor  public  locations  where  courts  may  find  theres  no  reasonable  expectation  of  privacy.  while  there  might  not  be
__label__environmentmonitoring specific  privacy  concerns  with  the  technology  itself,  the  real  question  is,  well,  what  else  can  shotspotter  do  and  how  else  can  it  be  used?  asks  state  aclu  communications  director  mike  meno.  that  raises  questions  like:  are  there  going  to  be  audio  recordings?  are  there  going  to  be  video  recordings?  what  would  trigger  those  recordings,?  where  in  the  city  is  it  going  to  be  used?  some  cities  have  synced  devices  to  activate  video  cameras  when  gunshots  are  detected.  at  least  one,  boston,  linked  the  sensors  to  ankle  monitoring  devices,  to  check  whether  parolees  are  close  to  gunshots  and  might  be  violating
__label__environmentmonitoring their  parole  conditions.  in  october,  shotspotter  acquired  the  predictive  policing  tool  hunchlab,  which  is  offered  as  an  addon.  bonfield  says  the  city  isnt  currently  considering  syncing  surveillance  cameras  with  shotspotter.  dpd  analyst  jason  shiess  says  the  department  already  employs  several  tools  to  forecast  where  crimes  may  occur,  and  has  for  more  than  a  decade.  meno  says  if  the  city  implements  shotspotter,  there  needs  to  be  a  public  process  to  determine  where  the  sensors  would  be  placed,  how  they  would  be  used,  and  what  policies  would  safeguard  the  technology  from  abuse.  while  shotspotter  has  come  up  in  city  council  meetings,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring council  hasnt  yet  discussed  implementation,  which  it  would  have  to  approve  via  the  annual  budget.  city  and  county  leaders  emphasized  during  last  weeks  press  conference  that  durham  wont  eradicate  gun  violence  without  addressing  its  root  causes,  such  as  unemployment,  and  the  ability  to  enact  local  gun  laws,  which  state  law  preempts.  middleton  says  he  knows  shotspotter  wont  be  a  panacea,  but  the  city  should  consider  every  tool  at  its  disposal.  crime  overall  in  durham  is  down,  but  when  a  family  member  of  yours  has  been  shot,  thats  not  really  a  compelling  argument  to  you,  he  says.  if  theres  a  tool
__label__environmentmonitoring we  can  avail  ourselves  of  that  can  possibly  save  one  life,  i  dont  see  how  we  can  not  have  a  conversation  about  it.  contact  staff  writer  sarah  willets  by  email  at  swilletsindyweek.com,  by  phone  at  9192861972,  or  on  twitter  sarahwillets.  by  jan.  22,  2019  6:30  p.m.  2019  indy  week  320  e.  chapel  hill  st.,  suite  200,  durham,  nc  27701  phone  9192861972  fax  9192864274
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  the  internet  of  things,  but  with  an  enterprise  angle.  take  that  to  mean  industry  vertical  applications,  development  ecosystems,  product  design,  hardware,  deployment  and  more.  an  estimated  25  billion  iot  devices  are  expected  to  be  among  us  by  2025,  contributing  to  1.1  trillion  in  industry  revenue  data  according  to  a  .  given  the  continually  increasing  prominence  of  these  devices  in  our  lives  and  their  everwider  capabilities,  ensuring  their  security  and  proper  behavior  should  be  a  critical  concern  for  iot  users  and  manufacturers  alike  should  at  the  moment.  digital  twin  tech,  or  a  virtual  representation  of  a  product,  is  a
__label__environmentmonitoring critical  concept  in  iot  thats  still  being  sorted  out.  explore  its  benefits  to  iot,  7  use  cases  and  why  its  important  for  manufacturings  future.  you  forgot  to  provide  an  email  address.  this  email  address  doesnt  appear  to  be  valid.  this  email  address  is  already  registered.  please  .  you  have  exceeded  the  maximum  character  limit.  please  provide  a  corporate  email  address.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  by  submitting  my  email  address  i  confirm  that  i  have  read  and  accepted  the  terms  of  use  and  webconnected  devices  in  our
__label__environmentmonitoring homes  and  workplaces  help  us  control  more  aspects  of  our  lives  by  the  day,  with  many  including  microphones  and  cameras  that  see  and  hear  everything  we  do.  considering  the  risks  these  features  could  represent,  though,  its  an  immense  vulnerability  that  most  especially  lowerend  iot  devices  on  the  market  today  feature  little  or  no  security  measures  at  all.  the  iot  market  has  been  much  more  interested  in  delivering  userdesired  features  at  low  price  points.  but  as  headlines  continue  to  remind  us,  iot  devices  can  and  do  get  hacked  regularly,  and  the  consequences  are  severe.  the  news  is  rife  with  of  iotbased
__label__environmentmonitoring spying  in  home  and  corporate  environments,  and  seemingly  endless  instances  of  the  damage  inflicted  by  massive  botnets  built  from  high  quantities  compromised  iot  devices,  which  can  take  companies  and  even  major  internet  infrastructure  offline  through  .  the  good  news  is  that  even  where  iot  devices  provided  no  embedded  security  from  the  manufacturer,  its  still  possible  to  ensure  that  theyre  secure  and  operating  in  an  uncompromised  network  environment.  through  a  dynamic  approach  to  iot  device  discovery,  profiling  and  anomalous  activity  detection,  devices  should  be  monitored  for  proper  behavior,  and  those  that  show  signs  of  having  been  interfered  with  can  have  that
__label__environmentmonitoring behavior  mitigated  and  security  issues  eliminated.  the  first  stage  in  this  strategy  is  to  recognize  what  devices  are  connecting  to  routers  at  the  local  network  level.  given  the  scope  and  nature  of  the  iot  ecosystem  where  the  countless  devices  we  all  carry  may  attempt  to  connect  to  local  networks  as  we  happen  to  pass  by  them  its  now  impossible  to  know  or  keep  track  of  all  the  devices  connected  to  our  networks  by  manual  means.  the  task  of  vetting  the  behavior  of  all  devices  is  more  challenging  still.  dynamic  ,  which  can  be  situated  to  view  all  inbound  and  outbound
__label__environmentmonitoring network  traffic  by  including  a  module  within  routers,  gateways,  utms  and  other  network  devices,  is  the  process  of  identifying  any  device  that  connects  to  the  network  down  to  its  specific  make  and  model.  its  a  strategy  that  can  work  for  nearly  any  connected  device  within  a  household  or  business  by  studying  all  seven  layers  of  the  osi  model  that  comprises  a  unique  fingerprint  for  each  device  and  then  supplementing  this  knowledge  with  a  database  of  recognized  iot  device  profiles.  where  devices  utilize  organizationally  unique  identifiers  ouis  which  is  more  often  the  case  with  brands  with  a  narrow  product  line  profiling
__label__environmentmonitoring usually  will  take  less  than  a  minute  once  the  device  joins  the  network.  in  cases  where  device  ouis  cover  several  device  types,  a  profiling  strategy  will  utilize  port  scanning,  protocol  analysis  and  other  such  higherlevel  detection  techniques  to  complete  identification  within  minutes.  with  each  connected  device  on  the  network  accurately  identified,  is  capable  of  monitoring  behavior  in  order  to  continuously  verify  that  devices  are  carrying  out  their  duties  as  expected.  if  a  device  begins  making  suspicious  connections  or  exhibiting  abnormal  behavior  outside  of  its  normal  operations,  youll  have  a  pretty  strong  indicator  that  the  device  may  be  compromised  and  engaged
__label__environmentmonitoring in  malicious  activity.  it  may  also  be  the  case  that  the  device  simply  requires  a  software  update  or,  worse,  that  its  under  direct  control  of  an  active  attacker.  but  by  recognizing  these  anomalies  in  real  time,  the  worst  behavior  can  be  neutralized  before  crippling  harm  is  done.  anomalous  activity  detection  can  also  identify  vulnerable  but  asyetunhacked  devices,  such  as  those  iot  devices  with  weak  security  measures  that  need  a  closer  look.  if  looking  at  this  strategy  for  network  safety,  ensure  that  the  criteria  used  to  inform  anomalous  activity  detection  is  updated  continually  to  keep  pace  with  natural  shifts  in  device
__label__environmentmonitoring usage  and  behavior.  in  the  same  way,  these  detection  technologies  are  designed  to  feature  the  scalability  needed  to  handle  the  growing  number  of  devices  on  networks,  especially  as  iot  adoption  swells.  with  dynamic  iot  device  discovery,  profiling  and  anomalous  activity  detection  in  place,  the  challenge  of  protecting  networks  can  be  much  more  effectively  overcome  even  if  device  manufacturers  arent  helping  out  much  on  their  end.  all  iot  agenda  network  contributors  are  responsible  for  the  content  and  accuracy  of  their  posts.  opinions  are  of  the  writers  and  do  not  necessarily  convey  the  thoughts  of  iot  agenda.  please  check  the  box  if
__label__environmentmonitoring you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare  for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust
__label__environmentmonitoring suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch  up  on  the  different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings
__label__environmentmonitoring are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data  center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle
__label__environmentmonitoring brought  to  you  by  it  summarises  the  stateoftheart  in  traditional  parm  methodologies  for  healthcare.  it  identifies  new  research  trends  and  challenges  of  parm  studies  in  iot  environments.  it  considers  successful  case  studies  in  the  area  and  look  at  the  possible  future  industrial  applications  in  smart  healthcare.  due  to  importantly  beneficial  effects  on  physical  and  mental  health  and  strong  association  with  many  rehabilitation  programs,  physical  activity  recognition  and  monitoring  parm  have  been  considered  as  a  key  paradigm  for  smart  healthcare.  traditional  methods  for  parm  focus  on  controlled  environments  with  the  aim  of  increasing  the  types  of  identifiable  activity  subjects  complete  and
__label__environmentmonitoring improving  recognition  accuracy  and  system  robustness  by  means  of  novel  bodyworn  sensors  or  advanced  learning  algorithms.  the  emergence  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  enabling  technology  is  transferring  parm  studies  to  open  and  connected  uncontrolled  environments  by  connecting  heterogeneous  costeffective  wearable  devices  and  mobile  apps.  little  is  currently  known  about  whether  traditional  parm  technologies  can  tackle  the  new  challenges  of  iot  environments  and  how  to  effectively  harness  and  improve  these  technologies.  in  an  effort  to  understand  the  use  of  iot  technologies  in  parm  studies,  this  paper  will  give  a  systematic  review,  critically  examining  parm  studies  from  a  typical  iot  layerbased
__label__environmentmonitoring perspective.  it  will  firstly  summarize  the  stateoftheart  in  traditional  parm  methodologies  as  used  in  the  healthcare  domain,  including  sensory,  feature  extraction  and  recognition  techniques.  the  paper  goes  on  to  identify  some  new  research  trends  and  challenges  of  parm  studies  in  the  iot  environments,  and  discusses  some  key  enabling  techniques  for  tackling  them.  finally,  this  paper  consider  some  of  the  successful  case  studies  in  the  area  and  look  at  the  possible  future  industrial  applications  of  parm  in  smart  healthcare.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .
__label__environmentmonitoring brought  to  you  by  rapid  developments  in  hardware,  software,  and  communication  technologies  have  facilitated  the  emergence  of  internetconnected  sensory  devices  that  provide  observations  and  data  measurements  from  the  physical  world.  by  2020,  it  is  estimated  that  the  total  number  of  internetconnected  devices  being  used  will  be  between  25  and  50  billion.  as  these  numbers  grow  and  technologies  become  more  mature,  the  volume  of  data  being  published  will  increase.  the  technology  of  internetconnected  devices,  referred  to  as  internet  of  things  iot,  continues  to  extend  the  current  internet  by  providing  connectivity  and  interactions  between  the  physical  and  cyber  worlds.  in  addition  to
__label__environmentmonitoring an  increased  volume,  the  iot  generates  big  data  characterized  by  its  velocity  in  terms  of  time  and  location  dependency,  with  a  variety  of  multiple  modalities  and  varying  data  quality.  intelligent  processing  and  analysis  of  this  big  data  are  the  key  to  developing  smart  iot  applications.  this  article  assesses  the  various  machine  learning  methods  that  deal  with  the  challenges  presented  by  iot  data  by  considering  smart  cities  as  the  main  use  case.  the  key  contribution  of  this  study  is  the  presentation  of  a  taxonomy  of  machine  learning  algorithms  explaining  how  different  techniques  are  applied  to  the  data  in  order  to  extract
__label__environmentmonitoring higher  level  information.  the  potential  and  challenges  of  machine  learning  for  iot  data  analytics  will  also  be  discussed.  a  use  case  of  applying  a  support  vector  machine  svm  to  aarhus  smart  city  traffic  data  is  presented  for  a  more  detailed  exploration.  we  use  cookies  to  help  provide  and  enhance  our  service  and  tailor  content  and  ads.  by  continuing  you  agree  to  the  .  copyright  2019  elsevier  b.v.  or  its  licensors  or  contributors.  sciencedirect  is  a  registered  trademark  of  elsevier  b.v.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  our  research  approach  is  to  design  and  develop  reliable,  efficient,  flexible,  economical,  realtime  and  realistic  wellness  sensor  networks  for  smart  home  systems.  the  heterogeneous  sensor  and  actuator  nodes  based  on  wireless  networking  technologies  are  deployed  into  the  home  environment.  these  nodes  generate  realtime  data  related  to  the  object  usage  and  movement  inside  the  home,  to  forecast  the  wellness  of  an  individual.  here,  wellness  stands  for  how  efficiently  someone  stays  fit  in  the  home  environment  and  performs  his  or  her  daily  routine  in  order  to  live  a  long  and  healthy  life.  we  initiate
__label__environmentmonitoring the  research  with  the  development  of  the  smart  home  approach  and  implement  it  in  different  home  conditions  different  houses  to  monitor  the  activity  of  an  inhabitant  for  wellness  detection.  additionally,  our  research  extends  the  smart  home  system  to  smart  buildings  and  models  the  design  issues  related  to  the  smart  building  environment;  these  design  issues  are  linked  with  system  performance  and  reliability.  this  research  paper  also  discusses  and  illustrates  the  possible  mitigation  to  handle  the  ism  band  interference  and  attenuation  losses  without  compromising  optimum  system  performance.  innovations  in  technology  mostly  emerge  from  the  needs  of  human  society.  the  21st  century  is
__label__environmentmonitoring the  era  of  prompt  advancement  in  digital  technology.  most  of  this  technology  is  focused  on  proficiently  monitoring  and  controlling  different  activities.  everywhere  from  megastructure  building  automation  to  small  smart  homes,  big  industrial  assembly  machineries  to  a  kids  toy,  a  college  research  laboratory  to  an  international  space  research  center,  and  even  health  care  service  at  a  desk  through  wireless  sensors  and  networks,  wireless  sensor  networks  wsn  have  become  fundamental  and  crucial  devices.  the  significant  improvement  offered  by  introducing  wireless  technology  is  that  it  reduces  the  complexity  to  harness  wired  transmission  and  facilitates  the  installation  of  sensors,  controllers,  and  actuators.  the  cost
__label__environmentmonitoring and  installation  efforts  for  a  large  number  of  sensors  in  an  urban  environment  are  exponentially  reduced  by  wireless  technology  innovations.  there  are  different  wireless  communication  mediums  technology  in  which  a  wireless  sensor  network  can  be  constructed  according  to  respective  applications  and  strengths.  home  automation  and  monitoring  are  the  dominant  applications  of  wsns,  where  a  number  of  heterogeneous  sensors  are  deployed,  to  determine  different  activities  of  inhabitants.  wireless  sensors  can  be  operated  through  batteries  as  well  as  plugging  into  the  power  supply.  the  selection  of  power  source  depends  on  the  deployment  environment  and  the  availability  of  power  for  applications  such  as
__label__environmentmonitoring solar  panel  based  outdoor  temperature  sensing.  in  a  replaceable  battery,  the  sending  power  and  sampling  rate  of  data  decide  battery  life  while  the  energy  harvesting  applications  use  the  external  energy  source,  so  they  are  somewhat  free  from  the  battery  usage  method.  wireless  sensors  and  networks  are  comprised  of  several  nodes  prepared  through  various  sensing  devices  sensors,  controllers,  and  actuators  and  rf  chips  for  wireless  communication  ,  ,  ,  .  a  revolutionary  development  to  wsns  is  the  announcement  of  ieee  802.15.4  standard  in  the  year  2003  ,  and  it  is  the  first  major  worldwide  standard  for  wsns.  the  limitation  of  ieee
__label__environmentmonitoring 802.15.4  standard  is  that,  it  only  specifies  and  defines  the  rf  communication  with  respect  to  the  lower  layers  phy  and  mac;  it  provides  proposals  and  does  not  define  the  networking  techniques  for  the  upper  layers.  in  light  of  this,  zigbee  alliance  and  its  mesh  network  along  with  ipv6  in  recent  years  standardized  the  protocol  known  as  zigbee  communication  protocol  ieee  802.15  zigbee  protocol.  these  upper  layer  improvements  offer  authentication  of  network  nodes,  encryption,  and  an  efficient  and  modern  routing  that  leads  to  mesh  networking  topology.  although  mesh  topology  is  quite  complex,  zigbee  is  mostly  preferred  by  wsns  designers  with  mesh
__label__environmentmonitoring topology  only.  ieee  802.15.4  zigbee  offers  tremendous  specifications  to  short  range  and  urban  environment  wireless  sensors  networks.  ieee  802.15.4  zigbee  standards  operate  on  the  licensefree  industrial,  scientific,  medical  ism  frequency  band.  one  of  the  significant  developments  in  wsnbased  smart  homes  is  the  injection  of  iots  the  internet  of  things.  the  ubiquitous  connectivity  and  distributed  intelligence  of  the  iots  with  wireless  sensing  technology  are  becoming  the  center  point  of  upbeat  remote  monitoring  and  control.  in  an  era  of  iots,  more  devices  are  linked  to  the  internet  as  compared  to  the  populationthere  were  over  12.5  billion  devices  in  2010.  cisco  predicts  that
__label__environmentmonitoring 25  billion  devices  are  going  to  come  onboard  in  2015  and  there  will  be  50  billion  by  2020.  the  internet  of  things  from  a  smart  home  perspective  can  be  described  as  connecting  household  objects,  especially  electronic  and  electrical  appliances  and  sensors  and  actuators,  to  the  world  wide  web  services  ,  .  these  objects  and  devices  are  smartly  and  intelligently  interlinked  to  each  other  to  develop  new  customs  and  understanding  of  wireless  communication  between  a  person  and  things,  and  among  things  themselves.  these  customs  and  understanding  create  a  prospect  for  devices  nearby  in  the  smart  home  environment  to  start  the  interaction
__label__environmentmonitoring and  build  very  different  environments.  an  environment  that  learns  from  our  daily  activity  and  requirements,  such  as  when  we  get  up  in  the  morning,  how  much  time  we  sleep,  and  how  long  we  watch  television,  can  react  to  an  inhabitants  behaviour  to  improve  their  health  and  wealth.  for  example,  an  occupant  got  up  late  in  the  morning  and  because  he  or  she  was  in  hurry  to  catch  the  bus  to  the  office,  he/she  forgot  to  turn  off  the  electric  oven  and  only  noticed  this  after  reaching  the  office.  now  from  a  remote  distance,  through  an  iotbased  smart  home  system,  he
__label__environmentmonitoring or  she  can  control  the  oven.  the  motivations  to  design  and  develop  the  smart  home  are:  independent  living;  enhancing  comfort,  efficient  use  of  electricity,  and  safety  and  security.  the  word  smart  home  is  preferred  for  a  home  environment  equipped  with  advanced  technology  that  allows  monitoring  and  control  of  its  inhabitants,  and  boosts  independent  living  through  wellness  forecasting  based  on  behavioral  pattern  generation  and  detection.  to  identify  the  difficulties  and  challenges  of  the  prime  performance  of  smart  home  monitoring,  we  have  to  understand  recent  and  ongoing  research  in  this  field.  a  variety  of  smart  home  systems  for  ambient  assisted  living  has
__label__environmentmonitoring been  proposed  and  developed,  but  there  are,  in  fact,  relatively  few  houses  that  apply  smart  technologies.  one  of  the  main  reasons  for  this  is  that  the  complexity  and  varied  design  requirements  associated  with  different  domains  of  homes.  these  domains  are  communications,  control,  entertainment,  residential  and  living  spaces.  ahri  aware  home  research  initiative  at  georgia  institute  of  technology  ,  casas  the  center  for  advanced  studies  in  adaptive  systems  at  washington  state  university  ,  agingmo  at  university  of  missouri  ,  placelab  at  mit  and  smart  home  lab  at  iowa  state  university  ,  ,  are  monitoring  the  activity  of  daily  living,  enhancing  the
__label__environmentmonitoring comfort,  and  creating  contextaware  relative  scenarios  through  heterogeneous  sensor  deployment,  and  these  sensor  units  include  cameras  as  well.  these  are  academic  research  projects.  from  a  social  point  of  view,  the  use  of  the  camera  is  a  direct  violation  of  privacy  for  monitoring  in  a  smart  home  environment.  at  the  same  time,  the  video  stream  by  the  camera  is  technically  complex.  monitoring  and  analysis  through  video  stream  are  simple,  but  it  demands  significant  storage  space  on  the  server.  the  server  designed  at  home  is  a  local  home  gateway  server,  which  has  limited  storage  and  collection  memory.  there  are  many  different  industrial
__label__environmentmonitoring big  building  smart  home  services  available;  toyotas  dream  house  at  japan,  ehouse  by  mcdonough,  in  new  york,  house  r128  by  intgeniere,  w.s  at  stuttgart,  germany  and  crystal  house  by  hung,  at  taichung,  taiwan,  which  have  targeted  sustainability  and  energy  conservation  goals,  and  offer  convenience  and  comfort  through  the  intelligence  of  the  environment  .  wearable,  implantable,  and  microsystems  that  can  be  deployed  over  the  body  area  network  such  as  the  apple  watch  are  available  nowadays.  these  devices  are  worn  by  the  individual  or  embedded  in  the  home  environment  to  assist  someone  for  health  care.  several  projects  comprising  the  application  of  signal
__label__environmentmonitoring assisted  wearable  devices  are  ongoing  in  different  research  laboratories,  smartshirt  ,  senswear  armband  by  body  media  inc  and  lifeshirt  by  vivometrics  ,  proetex  project  by  csem  center  are  wearable  devices  to  measure  ecg.  other  research  has  focused  on  fall  detection  based  on  accelerometers  using  wearable  sensors  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  an  individual  suffering  from  illness  can  wear  these  devices  as  part  of  a  health  care  strategy,  but  someone  who  is  fit  may  not  appreciate  wearing  these  devices  on  their  body.  adaptability  is  a  significant  concern  with  wearable  sensor  devices  for  physiological  parameter  measurement.  other  researchers  have  already  implemented
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  home  systems  based  on  wireless  communication  technology,  but  integrating  wireless  with  iots  has  extraordinary  potential  in  smart  home  applications.  most  research  of  iotbased  smart  homes  are  in  the  proposal  phase,  and  very  few  research  studies  involve  practical  implementation  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  iotbased  smart  systems  offer  us  remote  access  and  reactive  ambient  analysis  of  home  ambience,  but  they  can  only  perform  this  when  the  implementation  of  iots  is  done  through  dynamic  database  management  ,  ,  ,  .  additionally,  the  majority  of  smart  home  projects  are  carried  out  systematically  based  on  the  assumptions  from  laboratory  or  test
__label__environmentmonitoring bed  controlled  environments,  which  may  be  entirely  different  from  a  real  environment  where  an  inhabitant  lives  regular  life  regardless  of  sensor  node  installation.  the  smart  home  environment  demands  activity  recognition  of  daily  living  from  raw  sensor  data,  and  these  raw  data  sets  are  complex  and  irregular  to  encode  into  predefined  scenarios.  even  after  encoding  this  raw  data,  it  is  quite  difficult  to  identify  deviant  behavior  because  these  data  sets  are  on  different  time  measures  sampling  rate  and  sense  modalities.  these  different  time  and  sensor  modalities  create  problems  during  equation  formulation.  it  is  quite  easy  to  generate  behavioral  patterns  from  single
__label__environmentmonitoring event  data  sets,  but  it  may  raise  a  false  alert.  in  our  research,  we  present  a  realistic  approach  to  getting  the  optimal  performance  from  a  smart  home  monitoring  system.  realistic  application  for  behavioral  pattern  generation  for  ambientassisted  living  raises  different  challenges.  to  provide  a  reliable  solution,  we  proposed  and  implemented  a  smart  home  based  on  an  integrated  framework  to  analyze  the  individuals  behavior  from  the  previous  data,  realtime  recently  received  data  and  feedback  received  data.  to  resolve  the  issues,  we  apply  pattern  detection  through  pipeline  processing  with  filtering,  characteristic  construction,  activity  detection,  and  smoothing.  we  attempt  to  separate  the  usual
__label__environmentmonitoring routine  data  from  unexpected  data,  which  may  put  an  inhabitants  health  and  wealth  at  risk.  the  system  is  proposed  and  implemented  on  two  levels;  hardware  and  software.  at  the  hardware  level,  heterogeneous  sensors  are  deployed  for  multiactivity  and  multievents;  these  wireless  sensor  nodes  are  configured  with  zigbee  mesh  topology  and  data  is  received  by  central  coordinator  node  and  collected  by  local  home  gateway  computer.  the  software  modules  are  subdivided  into  different  levels,  such  as  data  logging,  data  extraction,  and  data  storage;  but  their  ultimate  task  is  to  forecast  the  change  in  activity  and  correlate  it  with  the  wellness  of  inhabitants
__label__environmentmonitoring in  real  time  or  near  time.  in  the  second  half  of  the  paper,  we  have  extended  the  smart  home  approach  to  big  building  environments  and  investigated  performance  and  issues,  especially  interference  and  attenuation  issues.  smart  home  monitoring  is  based  on  the  ambient  scenario;  when  extend  our  research  to  smart  buildings  we  are  faced  with  some  new  problems  that  we  do  not  notice  or  consider  in  a  smart  home.  we  can  define  the  intelligent  and  smart  monitoring  as  an  application  of  automation  with  integral  systems  of  accommodation  facilities  to  boost  and  progress  the  everyday  life  of  an  occupant.  in  this  research,
__label__environmentmonitoring we  have  designed  an  xbee  series2  based  intelligent  monitoring  system  that  operates  on  the  zigbee  protocol  and  uses  the  features  of  iots.  our  idea  is  to  generate  a  systemlevel  design  approach  to  formulating  design  issues  and  possible  solutions.  the  remaining  parts  of  this  paper  are  organized  as  follows.  we  start  by  presenting  the  existing  system  in  and  experimental  results  and  performance  issues  in  .  the  extensions  of  a  smart  home  for  big  building  environments  are  presented  in  .  measurements  and  investigations  from  big  building  environment  experiments  are  presented  in  .  lastly,  a  conclusion  with  possible  solutions  to  issues  is  drawn
__label__environmentmonitoring in  .  smart  homes  for  ambientassisted  living  involve  the  learning  patterns  of  agent  behavior  from  sensor  data.  deviation  from  the  regular  behavior  is  an  array  of  the  data  that  either  does  not  follow  the  anticipated  behavior,  which  is  an  anomalous  behavior,  or  follows  the  certain  class  of  predefined  irregular  behavior.  this  deviation  is  an  alert  for  an  inhabitant.  in  our  research  for  behavioral  pattern  generation,  we  used  an  advanced  approach  that  is  based  on  combined  deviation  over  time  because  forecasting  can  be  reliable  only  if  we  consider  more  than  one  event.  the  wellness  forecasting  model  we  have  designed  and  proposed
__label__environmentmonitoring is  divided  into  two  sections.  at  the  lower  section,  all  the  raw  sensor  data  from  household  appliance  usage  and  movement  is  delivered  to  the  coordinator  attached  to  the  local  home  gateway  and  this  local  server  stores  the  unstructured  data  sets  for  further  processing  and  analysis.  raw  sensor  data  collected  at  the  lower  information  section  can  only  identify  which  sensor  is  active  or  inactive  and  at  what  time.  to  discover  the  optimal  activity  of  daily  living  for  wellness,  these  data  sets  need  to  be  analyzed  by  the  upper  section  software  logic.  intelligent  data  recognition  and  classification  mechanisms  are  applied  through  the
__label__environmentmonitoring software  at  different  levels  of  data  generalization  in  real  time,  based  on  the  time  and  order  of  the  sensor  usage.  there  are  various  zigbee  rf  modules  available  in  the  wireless  industry.  for  our  research  application,  we  pick  digi  xbee  series2  rf.  the  xbee  module  facilitates  various  features  such  as  different  sampling  rate,  baud  rate  and  sleep  rate  associated  with  two  types  of  operating  modes.  the  first  is  an  application  programming  interface  api,  and  the  other  is  application  transparent  at.  each  zigbee  based  wireless  sensor  networks  has  a  zigbee  coordinator  zc.  there  is  precisely  one  coordinator  in  every  single  network,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring zc  is  the  device  that  takes  the  network  establishment  responsibility.  zc  stores  the  network  information  including  security  keys  such  as  personal  area  network  identification  number.  this  coordinator  is  the  transceiver  rf  module  that  not  only  receives  the  data  from  respective  sensor  nodes  belonging  to  it,  but  also  looks  after  remote  configuration  and  fault  detection  of  other  associated  sensor  nodes  in  the  network.  in  the  tree  and  mesh  topologies,  the  zigbee  routers  zrs  is  applied  to  extend  the  network  coverage  area  for  wireless  communication.  in  addition  to  zc  and  zrs,  there  are  two  more  types  of  zigbee  devices.  the  zigbee  device
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  configured  programmed  as  zigbee  end  device  zed  and  zigbee  end  device  plus  router  zedr.  zed  is  usually  low  power  as  well  as  small  battery  power  devices.  they  transfer  their  data  directly  to  the  parent  zc,  and  the  parent  may  be  the  coordinator  or  another  router  node.  the  zed  cannot  relay  data  from  other  nodes.  the  zrs  relay  the  packet  of  their  neighbor  to  designated  path  while  the  zedr  node  can  relay  its  data  and  other  neighbors  data  as  well  in  the  network.  the  zr  and  zedr  nodes  both  have  the  same  power  option  as  zed.  the  zigbee  nodes
__label__environmentmonitoring are  scattered  at  different  distances  in  the  urban  area  of  the  home  environment,  and  data  is  sent  over  the  network  to  the  coordinator.  zigbee  based  digi  xbee  series  2  is  used  as  rf  module  in  our  smart  and  intelligent  home  monitoring  system.  the  system  contains  heterogeneous  sensors,  which  include  pir,  temperature,  force  and  electrical  and  electronic  appliances  usage  monitoring  sensors.  the  zc  has  the  authority  to  select  a  channel,  pan  id  16bit  personal  area  network  unique  identification  number  that  only  belongs  to  particular  zigbee  wsn,  security  policy,  and  stack  profile  for  the  network.  each  time  to  establish  communication,  zc  starts
__label__environmentmonitoring with  the  proper  channel  and  executes  a  series  of  scans  energy  scan  or  pan  scan  to  realize  any  rf  activity  on  various  channels  of  zed,  zr  and  zedr.  this  energy  scan  can  only  register  the  wireless  sensor  nodes  zed,  zr  zedr  which  are  registered  with  corresponding  pan  id  to  the  zc.  it  is  the  duty  of  zc  to  select  the  best  channel  for  network  operation.  to  do  this,  it  performs  energy  scans  on  every  possible  frequency  channel  zigbee  16  channels  to  detect  the  strongest  available  channel.  channels  at  excessive  energy  levels  are  discarded  from  potential  channel  lists  to  start  on.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  type  of  operation  mode  depends  on  the  individuals  requirements.  it  can  be  configured  by  the  rf  module  through  xctu  software  .  the  present  home  monitoring  system  has  been  continuously  running  since  may  2013  without  any  significant  complexity  and  maintenance,  except  minor  problems  related  to  sensor  physical  damage  and  power  supply.  represents  the  image  of  the  real  smart  home  where  a  monitoring  system  is  running,  and  inhabitants  are  living  their  ordinary  daily  life.  this  house  was  built  in  1938,  so  it  is  an  old  home,  but  it  has  been  converted  to  a  smart  home  with  the  help  of  sensing  technology.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  layout  of  the  smart  home  with  sensor  location  and  placement  is  shown  in  .  this  figure  displays  the  genuine  home  environment  where  one  stays  alone  and  has  smart  sensing  placement  to  improve  wellness  of  individual,  i.e  .,  ambient  assisted  living  aal,  and  it  shows  different  sensing  units  for  monitoring  of  ambient  parameters  and  different  domestic  objects.  as  we  can  see  in  the  present  system,  it  contains  a  network  of  heterogeneous  sensors,  these  heterogeneous  sensors  are  temperature,  force,  pir  and  electronic  and  electrical  e  e  appliances  sensing  appliances  monitoring  units;  brief  description  of  each  sensing  unit  are  given  as  follows:
__label__environmentmonitoring image  of  real  house  where  smart  home  monitoring  and  a  control  system  are  installed.  layout  structure  of  the  house  with  sensor  deployment  and  household  objects.  this  power  usage  monitoring  and  control  unit,  contains  transformer  and  other  circuit  components.  the  transformer  block  comprises  of  voltage  and  current  transformers.  the  step  down  voltage  transformer  is  used  to  transform  the  mains  from  220  v  to  10  v  signal,  and  the  current  transformer  asm010  is  used  to  link  the  current  in  the  line  wire  to  the  load  through  the  current  transformer  circuit.  for  signal  amplification,  operational  amplifier  lm324  is  applied  associated  with  other  components
__label__environmentmonitoring such  as  a  rectifier,  capacitors  and  gain  resistors  of  specific  parameters.  the  analog  sensor  signal  output  is  supplied  to  the  analog  channel  of  radio  communication  chip  for  wireless  transmission.  a,b  presents  the  designed  unit,  and  ch  shows  the  utilization  of  the  unit  with  different  household  appliances.  this  data  is  helpful  to  analyze  the  appliance  usage  pattern  .  ,  represent  the  electronic  and  electrical  appliance  usage  monitoring  and  control  unit  and  represent  the  monitoring  and  control  of  household  appliances  through  this  unit;  represents  the  force  sensing  unit  and  deployment  of  the  unit  for  different  sitting  as  well  as  sleeping  objects;  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring represent  the  contact  sensing  unit  arrangement  .  the  flexiforce  sensor  is  a  piezoresistive  sensor  a301  used  to  calculate  the  amount  of  pressure  given  on  any  object.  when  any  pressure  is  given  to  the  sensor,  the  resistance  of  the  sensor  decreases.  as  a  result,  the  output  voltage  increases.  the  range  of  resistance  varies  in  force  sensor  found  in  different  types  of  sensors.  the  pressure  is  ideally  given  in  the  central  circular  part  of  the  sensor  on  both  sides.  the  sensor  is  kept  beneath  the  objects  to  sleep  and  sit  upon.  the  sensor  is  connected  to  a  conditioning  circuit  with  the  9
__label__environmentmonitoring v  power  supply.  i  shows  the  force  sensing  unit  and  j  to  l  display  the  deployment  of  this  unit  to  measure  force.  this  force  measurement  is  linked  and  analyzed  to  identify  the  occupancy  pattern  ,  .  for  the  purpose  of  domestic  objects  usage  monitoring  such  as  selfgrooming  table  and  office  desk,  we  fabricated  wireless  contact  sensing  systems  and  connected  them.  m,n  shows  the  fabricated  contact  sensing  unit  connected  to  a  grooming  table  to  identify  the  frequency  of  usage,  and  these  objects  usage  are  monitored  at  local  home  gateway  server  by  on/off  values  .  to  design  temperature  sensing  unit  the  lm35
__label__environmentmonitoring ic  is  connected  to  conditioning  circuit  for  ambient  temperature  monitoring.  a,b  represents  the  outdoor  temperature  monitoring  and  c  shows  the  indoor  room  temperature  monitoring.  ,  represent  the  outside  temperature  monitoring  unit  based  on  renewable  solar  energy;  inside  temperature  monitoring  unit  and  pir  sensor  for  activity  monitoring.  the  passive  infrared  pir  movement  monitoring  unit  is  designed  to  detect  the  motion  within  the  coverage  range  of  the  sensing  system.  this  pir  sensing  unit  is  compact,  powerefficient,  flexible  and  durable.  these  sensing  units  are  also  known  as  ir  motion  detector.  it  operates  on  5  v12  v  supply.  these  are  binary  mode  sensors,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring they  are  interfaced  with  rf  xbee  modules.  d  shows  the  fabricated  movement  monitoring  unit  deployed  in  the  smart  home  at  the  door.  the  sensors  are  scattered  in  such  a  manner  so  that  the  systems  get  every  essential  value  from  every  corner  of  the  ambient  environment  that  is  applicable  to  wellness  determination  of  an  individual  who  stays  there.  and  show  the  sensor  units  placement  in  the  smart  home.  these  sensing  units  transmit  their  data  to  rf  module  xbee  series2  enddevice/router  to  xbee  coordinator  connected  xbee  coordinator  connected  to  the  laptop  through  usb  connection  to  home  gateway  server  laptop.  represents  the  local
__label__environmentmonitoring home  gateway  server  laptop  located  in  the  smart  home.  the  data  from  local  mysql  server  is  raw  data,  from  this  raw  data  information  is  extracted  through  software.  the  software  is  designed  according  to  the  individual  requirement  of  data  extraction.  the  visual  studio  c  graphical  user  interface  is  designed  to  upload  raw  data  to  mysql  server.  from  the  local  server,  that  data  will  be  analyzed  and  uploaded  to  the  website  with  the  help  of  the  internet  ,  .  local  home  gateway  server  computer.  represents  the  movements  of  a  subject  on  a  particular  day.  the  collected  passive  infrared  motion  sensor  data  files
__label__environmentmonitoring were  processed  and  analyzed  by  sensor  activity  pattern  generation  software.  the  aim  of  this  process  was  to  track  the  movement  of  an  elderly  person  and  infer  the  top  sequence  of  movement  sensing  unit  at  a  particular  time  a  day  or  hour  of  the  day.  we  had  restricted  the  number  of  movement  sensing  units,  and  it  was  a  beneficial  approach  to  identifying  the  physical  location  of  the  person  in  realtime.  we  had  placed  the  movement  sensing  unit  exactly  at  the  entry  or  exit  door  so  that  we  could  quickly  identify  the  physical  location  of  a  subject.  online  smart  home  monitoring  website
__label__environmentmonitoring .  the  adls  recognition  system  design  comprises  the  native  element  of  the  appropriate  statistics  of  the  adls.  sensor  event  level  0:  this  level  covers  a  variety  of  sensing  units  deployed  in  the  aal  environment.  these  are  primarily  used  to  produce  vital  data  to  the  superior  level.  it  transports  the  heterogeneous  sensor  data  related  to  the  subject  statistics  and  directs  the  data  to  the  contextual  recognition  level  for  classification.  context  recognition  level  1:  this  level  takes  out  the  information  from  raw  data  and,  depending  on  the  aal  setups  principal  values  of  location  s,  time  t  and  context  c,  the  contingent  information
__label__environmentmonitoring is  derived  from  the  identification  of  basic  adls.  adls  recognition  level  2:  classification  for  the  basicadls  will  be  achieved  depending  on  the  contextual  information  and  the  status  of  the  sensor  stream.  at  the  lower  section  level  0,  all  the  raw  sensor  data  from  household  appliance  usage  and  movement  is  delivered  to  the  coordinator  attached  to  local  home  gateway  and  this  local  server  stores  the  unstructured  data  sets  for  further  processing  and  analysis.  raw  sensor  data  collected  at  the  lower  information  section  can  only  identify  which  sensor  is  active  or  inactive  and  at  what  time.  to  discover  the  activity  of  daily
__label__environmentmonitoring living  for  wellness,  these  data  sets  need  to  be  analyzed  by  the  upper  section  software  logic.  the  context  level  1  is  intended  for  recognizing  the  context  at  which  the  sensor  value  is  generated.  this  level  extracts  the  information  from  the  sensor  data  and  depending  on  the  aal  setup  is  the  basic  values  of  location,  time  and  context,  the  situational  information  are  derived  from  the  identification  of  the  respective  adl.  the  adl  level  2  is  meant  for  recognizing  the  activity  based  on  the  context  and  sensor  value,  and  the  labeling  for  the  basic  adl  recognition  will  be  performed  at  this  level.
__label__environmentmonitoring shows  the  recognition  of  adls.  it  involves  a  sensor  event  level,  context  recognition  level,  and  adl  recognition  level  .  activity  recognition  divided  into  three  different  levels  .  wellness  functions  are  introduced  to  provide  a  mathematical  expression  and  to  ascertain  the  wellness  of  an  individual  under  the  ambientassisted  realtime  monitoring  environment.  the  two  wellness  functions  and  define  the  wellness  of  an  inhabitant  based  on  the  usage  of  household  appliances.  the  rationale  for  the  wellness  functions  is  to  determine  how  well  the  inhabitant  is  using  daily  objects.  the  first  function  is  obtained  from  the  nonusage  as  well  as  the  inactive  duration  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  appliances.  while  the  second  function  is  generated  from  the  overusage  of  few  specific  appliances.  the  wellness  index  shows  the  behavior  of  the  person  with  respect  to  the  daily  object  usages  in  realtime.  shows  the  functional  description  of  the  wellnessbased  smart  home  monitoring  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  the  smart  home  systems  have  been  developed  to  observe  the  wellness  of  elderly  people  living  independently  in  their  own  at  home.  the  smart  home  system  developed  is  capable  of  simultaneously  monitoring  the  general  physical  activities  of  an  inhabitant  as  well  as  physiological  and  ambient  entities.  it  is  a  multimodel,  unobtrusive,  noninvasive  novel
__label__environmentmonitoring sensing  system  deployed  at  central  locations  in  the  home  environment.  the  continuous  inhome  monitoring  can  be  achieved  with  single  local  home  gateway  server  computer.  the  developed  analysis  and  decisionmaking  algorithm  software  modules  execute  in  a  windows  software  working  environment.  through  the  internet  connection,  we  can  access  the  wellness  information  from  a  remote  location.  functional  description  of  the  developed  smart  home  monitoring  system  .  wellness  function  1,  designated  as  is  defined  by  the  following  equation:  e  t  t  where:  wellness  index  of  the  elderly  person  based  on  the  measurement  of  inactive  duration  of  household  objects;  t  time  of  inactive  duration  of
__label__environmentmonitoring all  appliances,  i.e  .,  duration  time  no  objects  are  used;  t  maximum  inactive  duration  when  no  objects  were  used  in  the  past.  wellness  function  2,  designated  as  is  defined  by  the  following  equation  where:  ,  new  wellness  function  of  the  elderly  person  based  on  excess  usage  measurement  of  household  object;  t  actual  current  usage  duration  of  the  household  object;  t  maximum  usage  duration  use  of  household  object  in  normal  situation  of  the  past  .  seasonal  decomposition:  the  seasonal  cyclic  decomposition  by  brockwell  and  davis  in  2001  was  developed  for  predicting  the  near  future  values.  it  has  been  applied  as  a
__label__environmentmonitoring primary  tool  to  analyze  trends.  it  is  also  useful  for  determining  seasonal  patterns,  which  improves  the  forecasting  process.  trend  component  can  assess  using  the  principle  of  moving  average.  the  initial  exponential  moving  average  considered  in  the  analysis  is  given  by  the  equation  below:  where:  ma  moving  average  prediction;  ma  previous  moving  average;  smoothing  constant;  x  observed  quantity  at  time  t.  the  smoothing  constant  ,  is  derived  from  the  number  of  sensor  observations,  and  these  observations  contain  the  initial  value  from  the  start  of  the  system  to  the  recently  observed  value.  the  essential  features  of  trend  and  seasonality  are  described  in
__label__environmentmonitoring a  time  series  by  its  degree.  after  assessing  the  internal  components  such  as  trend  and  seasonality  of  a  time  series,  errors  estimation  is  extracted  by  the  detrending  process.  smoothed  trend  curve  stc  for  various  household  usage  durations  is  derived  by  applying  equation  3.  the  seasonal  decomposition  is  suitable  for  data  revealing  a  cyclical  pattern  as  well  as  a  trend.  in  the  present  research  task,  a  oneweek  activity  duration  series  is  considered  as  one  cycle  or  season  to  recognize  the  weekly  activity  pattern  of  an  individual.  it  has  also  categorized  the  periodic  components  in  the  historical  data  and  used  them  in
__label__environmentmonitoring a  forecasting  model  .  driving  trend  using  modified  double  exponential  smoothing  process:  to  smooth  the  trends,  a  modified  double  exponent  smoothing  strategy  brockwell  strategy  is  applied  for  forecasting.  the  advantage  of  this  strategy  is  to  minimize  the  mean  deviation  and  capture  the  local  latest  seasonal  trend  of  the  series.  t  l  t  l  t  t  t  l  t  x  t  s  t  s  l  t  t  t  s  t  x  t  l  t  s  t  s  where:  t  :  trend  or  slope  of  the  entire  duration,  l  :  local  level  seasonal  slope,  s  :  change  in  seasonal  factor,  x  is
__label__environmentmonitoring the  observation  at  the  current  time,  s  is  the  number  of  periods  in  one  cycle  i.e  .,  s  7  in  our  case,  ,  ,  is  the  smoothing  parameters  ranging  from  0  to  1,  selected  by  minimizing  mean  square  errors.  starting  values  are:  l  1/sx  x  x  ..x  ;  t  1/sx  x  /s  x  x  /s  .  x  x  /s;  s  x  l  ,  where  k  1,  2.s.  a  forecast  of  the  activity  duration  is  extrapolated  by  using  the  seasonal  pattern  in  equations  35:  m  is  the  required  forecast  period  .  the  wellness  trends  and  pattern  generation  for  the  activity  of
__label__environmentmonitoring daily  living  are  based  on  the  real  system  running  continuously  in  the  real  smart  home  since  may  2013.  the  sensor  data  is  collected  into  local  home  gateway  computer  and  analyzed  through  the  wellness  functions  mathematical  formula  in  equations  17.  in  the  forecasting  process,  the  most  appropriate  fitted  curve  is  computed  by  adding  smoothed  trend  curve  and  seasonally  adjusted  factors.  for  illustration,  the  nonelectrical  appliances  usage  durations  and  their  corresponding  trends  are  considered  in  the  forecasting  process.  this  would  reveal  the  precise  behavior  of  an  individual  in  utilizing  the  household  appliances.  some  of  the  electrical  appliances  such  as  water  kettle,  microwave,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  laundry  machines  are  preprogrammed  and  auto  control;  hence,  they  may  not  appropriately  run  the  forecasting  method.  the  nonelectrical  appliances  usage  duration  and  their  corresponding  trends  are  plotted.  shows  bed  usage  activity  durations  and  its  corresponding  trend  for  eight  weeks  at  the  smart  home  where  an  inhabitant  lives  their  regular  life  green  color:  trend;  blue  color:  actual  observations  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  the  trend  we  generated  from  our  wellness  model  fitted  to  the  actual  observations.  with  these  trends,  we  can  predict  the  bed  usage  of  the  next  couple  of  weeks  to  generate  wellness  information.  bed  usage  durations  and
__label__environmentmonitoring trend.  shows  the  toilet  usage  activity  durations  and  the  corresponding  trend  for  11  weeks  at  a  smart  home  where  an  inhabitant  lives  green  color:  trend;  blue  color:  actual  observations.  the  trend  we  had  generated  from  our  wellness  model  was  close  enough  to  the  actual  observations.  toilet  usage  durations  and  trend.  shows  the  dining  chair  usage  activity  durations  and  the  corresponding  trend  for  11  weeks  at  an  elderly  persons  house  where  he  lives  alone.  the  trend  we  had  generated  from  our  wellness  model  was  close  enough  to  the  actual  observations.  dining  chair  usage  activity  durations  trend.  a  snapshot  of  the  ninth
__label__environmentmonitoring weeks  friday  estimated  values  based  on  the  recorded  eight  weeks  is  given  in  .  considering  the  statistical  inference  of  95  confidence  interval,  the  residuals  in  the  fitted  predicted  curve  is  computed  by  twice  the  standard  deviation.  accordingly,  the  forecast  ranges  with  maximum  and  minimum  durations  are  computed  according  to  equations  17.  wellness  function  indices  of  household  appliances  and  forecast  of  the  adls  .  it  was  observed  that  two  instances  of  irregularity  at  different  subject  houses  were  rightly  predicted.  these  were  related  to  the  overusage  of  the  appliances.  in  reality,  the  subject  was  using  a  chair  for  a  longer  time  because
__label__environmentmonitoring he  was  sitting  and  talking  with  a  guest  on  that  day.  in  another  instance,  the  duration  of  bed  use  shows  an  overusage  because  it  was  occupied  by  the  elderly  person  for  a  long  duration  as  he  was  unwell.  the  forecasting  procedure  has  indicated  the  active  durations  of  the  bed  and  chair  were  outside  the  forecast  ranges.  accordingly,  the  behavioral  detection  process  set  the  status  of  the  corresponding  activities  as  irregular.  after  successful  implementation  of  the  smart  home,  we  aim  to  design  and  discover  the  issues  related  to  the  smart  home  monitoring  system  for  building  apartment  where  many  people  live  individually.
__label__environmentmonitoring with  the  existing  methodology  of  the  smart  home,  we  installed  the  sensing  system  in  a  big  building  apartment,  although  presently  we  are  covering  just  one  floor  that  has  35  rooms.  the  heterogeneous  sensing  systems  scattered  across  the  building  with  layout  is  shown  in  .  building  layout  representing  sensors  placement.  presents  the  overview  of  building  monitoring  system  setup.  the  home  gateway  system  that  is  connected  to  the  coordinator  receives  the  data  from  heterogeneous  sensors  scattered  in  the  home  environment  under  various  obstructions.  shows  the  smart  building  experimental  setup  to  evaluate  the  attenuation  loss  effect  on  wsns.  monitoring  system  with  various  types
__label__environmentmonitoring of  obstacles.  experimental  setup  to  evaluate  the  attenuation  caused  by  different  building  materials  in  the  smart  building  environment.  the  optimum  performance  in  service  is  only  possible  with  the  best  reliability.  so,  for  the  best  reliability  user  data  should  be  transmitted,  received  and  analyzed  within  acceptable  and  defined  time  duration,  in  near  real  time  with  best  precision  value  and  least  error.  in  wsnbased  smart  building,  explaining  the  reliability  with  the  system  performance  perspective  is  not  straightforward,  because  in  the  radio  communication  we  find  a  number  of  variables  that  have  a  negative  impact  on  reliability.  the  most  common  explanation  of  reliability  is
__label__environmentmonitoring data  reliability;  data  transmission,  reception,  measured  error  and  delay.  the  data  transmission  and  reception  are  the  function  of  the  communication  medium  between  sensor  nodes.  the  quality  of  this  radio  communication  link  enhances  the  chances  of  reliable  data  delivery.  although  the  design  consideration  of  the  sensor  node  also  decides  the  performance,  they  are  the  sources  of  data,  and  if  data  from  the  source  is  corrupted  then  the  system  cannot  achieve  the  reasonable  accuracy.  most  of  the  time,  even  with  good  rf  link  quality  and  best  sensor  node  design  consideration  we  get  less  accuracy.  the  reason  of  this  is  improper  routing  selection
__label__environmentmonitoring and  obstruction  in  the  home  environment.  the  urban  environment  is  full  of  obstacles,  so  it  causes  loss  of  data.  improper  routing  and  topology  increase  this  data  loss  more,  such  as  when  an  end  device  node  does  not  find  the  nearby  router  node  and  that  data  would  be  lost.  the  signal  transmission  takes  place  with  the  speed  of  light,  so  the  delay  is  very  small  or  negligible,  although  we  need  to  consider  this  latency  because  in  smart  home  designing  we  are  focusing  on  realtime  intelligence.  the  combined  delay  at  the  sink  will  be  good  enough  to  affect  the  near  realtime  streaming.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  can  better  understand  this  by  the  packet  reliability  terms  of  zigbee  based  wsns.  packet  delivery  ratio  pdr,  packet  success  rate  psr,  packet  loss  rate  plr,  packet  error  rate  per,  received  signal  strength,  signal  to  noise  ratio  and  received  packet  delay  are  some  of  the  parameters  that  define  system  reliability  and  performance.  in  order  to  evaluate  these  parameters  in  ieee  802.15.4  zigbee  based  wireless  sensor  and  networks,  the  smart  building  setup  is  developed  and  implemented  in  realtime  to  get  control  and  monitoring  applications  without  any  time  delay.  the  results  show  that  the  distance,  deployment  environment  and  positioning  of  sensor  nodes
__label__environmentmonitoring are  essential  parameters  that  decide  the  reliability  of  wireless  sensor  and  networks.  to  understand  these  results,  we  have  to  formulate  and  understand  the  packet  reliability  parameters.  packet  delivery  parameters:  the  packet  sent  from  the  source  node  must  be  received  at  sink  node  without  any  distortion  and  manipulation  that  affect  the  accuracy.  this  is  usually  determined  by  the  number  of  messages  sent  from  the  source  and  received  at  the  destination.  pdr,  psr,  per,  and  plr  are  closely  linked  to  the  packet  reliability  and  system  performance,  and  they  represent  the  packet  accuracy  at  a  different  level.  pdr:  packet  delivery  ratio  is  the
__label__environmentmonitoring number  of  packets  received  at  coordinator  to  number  of  packets  sent  from  the  transmitter;  it  is  represented  in  percentage.  n  total  number  of  packet  received  by  a  coordinator  from  an  end  device.  n  total  number  of  the  packet  sent  by  the  end  device.  the  higher  the  pdr  value,  the  better  the  system  performance  and  packet  reliability.  psr:  packet  success  rate  is  the  number  of  packets  successfully  received  without  any  error  to  number  of  packets  received  at  coordinator;  it  is  represented  in  percentage.  n  total  number  of  packet  received  by  a  coordinator  from  an  end  device.  n  total  number  of  packet
__label__environmentmonitoring received  by  coordinator  without  error  from  an  end  device.  the  higher  the  psr  value,  the  better  the  system  performance  and  packet  reliability.  per:  packet  error  rate  is  the  function  of  number  of  packets  successfully  received  and  the  number  of  packets  received  at  coordinator;  it  is  represented  in  percentage.  n  total  number  of  packet  received  by  a  coordinator  from  an  end  device.  n  total  number  of  packet  received  by  coordinator  without  error  from  an  end  device.  the  lower  the  per  value,  the  better  the  system  performance  and  packet  reliability.  plr:  packet  loss  rate  is  the  function  of  number  of  packets  received
__label__environmentmonitoring at  coordinator  and  number  of  the  packet  sent  from  the  transmitter;  it  is  represented  in  percentage.  n  total  number  of  packet  received  by  a  coordinator  from  an  end  device.  n  total  number  of  the  packet  sent  by  the  end  device.  the  lower  plr  value  offers  the  better  system  performance  and  packet  reliability.  we  recognized  that  other  than  the  distance  the  location  of  the  enddevice  in  the  urban  environment  affects  a  lot  the  performance  of  the  system.  the  quality  of  the  link  is  highly  degraded  by  urban  environmental  obstacles  such  as  door,  wall,  chair  etc  .,  followed  by  ism  band  interference
__label__environmentmonitoring and  traffic  load.  one  of  the  key  issues  that  affect  the  reliability  and  performance  of  wsnbased  smart  home  is  intranetwork  interference  that  affects  packet  delivery.  electromagnetic  interference  is  the  disruption  that  upsets  desired  node  signal  processing  through  the  electromagnetic  radiation  emitted  from  an  external  source.  zigbee  based  sensor  nodes  operate  in  the  2.4  ghz  ism  spectrum.  this  intranetwork  interference  becomes  more  critical  in  unregulated  free  ism  band  of  the  frequency  spectrum.  the  disturbance  sources  in  this  frequency  band  include:  bluetooth  ieee  802.15.1  wireless  usb  version  2  ieee  802.15.3  wifi  ieee  802.11  microwave  ovens  other  sources,  like  some  cordless  phones  and
__label__environmentmonitoring rf  motion  detectors  .  we  used  metageek  spectrum  analysis  wispy  dbx  chanalyzer  5  device  as  a  frequency  spectrum  analyzer,  and  configured  it  for  a  particular  application  requirement  ,  .  we  are  using  density  and  waterfall  graphs  to  model  the  interference  and  loss  caused  by  other  rf  device  in  ism  band;  these  graphs  represent  the  rssi  values  at  different  zigbee  channels.  the  density  view  plot  represents  the  signal  activities  in  the  selected  spectrum  to  recognize  the  devices;  it  shows  the  signal  intensity  and  how  often  these  devices  are  transmitting.  the  height  of  the  graph  shows  the  amplitude  of  the  signal,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  color  in  the  plot  represents  how  often  the  signals  are  occurring.  the  more  concentrated  the  color,  the  more  often  the  frequency  is  in  use;  this  is  called  utilization.  a  blue  spike  or  profile  shows  a  short  signal,  like  a  clap.  a  red  spike  or  shape  shows  a  long,  unbroken  signal,  like  an  air  horn.  colors  and  their  significance  are  as  follows:  blueless  than  10  utilization;  green20  utilization;  yellow40  utilization;  redover  50  utilization.  the  waterfall  view  graphs  represent  amplitude  over  time  for  all  frequencies  in  the  selected  band;  much  like  a  seismometer  graphs  earthquakes.  this  view  is  useful  for  watching
__label__environmentmonitoring the  spectrum  over  time.  unlike  the  density  view,  which  uses  color  by  utilization,  the  intensity  of  the  color  in  the  waterfall  view  shows  amplitude.  blue  indicates  lowamplitude  signals  while  red  indicates  highamplitude  signals.  shows  the  interference  caused  by  other  wireless  technologies  to  smart  home  monitoring  zigbee  channel.  our  zigbee  based  wsns  are  functioning  at  channel  2.425  ghz.  the  sensor  nodes  are  deployed  in  mesh  topology  into  a  smart  building  with  spacing  between  nodes  is  maximum  up  to  7  m  and  the  wifi,  bluetooth  and  microwave  sources  are  placed  at  2  m  distance  from  receiver  coordinator.  a  shows  the  density  and
__label__environmentmonitoring waterfall  view  of  xbee  smart  building  system  that  is  operating  at  frequency  2.425  mhz  under  least  interference  condition.  b  shows  the  bluetooth  functioning  over  the  same  frequency  2.425  mhz,  which  degraded  the  xbee  rf  link  quality.  c  shows  the  wifi  operation  that  affected  the  xbee  operation  badly.  d  shows  that  microwave  oven  signals  are  dissipated  across  the  whole  zigbee  spectrum.  we  can  better  understand  this  interference  effect  by  the  packet  reliability  parameters  shown  in  .  the  packet  reliability  metrics  are  most  affected  by  the  microwave  oven  followed  by  wifi,  and  then  bluetooth.  packet  reliability  parameters  affected  by  different  types  of
__label__environmentmonitoring ism  band  interference  sources.  shows  the  that  the  xbee  smart  building  system  is  operating  at  frequency  2.425  mhz;  shows  the  bluetooth  functioning  over  the  same  frequency  2.425  mhz,  which  degraded  the  xbee  rf  link  quality;  shows  the  wifi  operation  that  affected  the  xbee  operation  badly;  microwave  oven  distributed  all  zigbee  channels,  and  the  microwave  signal  are  dissipated  across  the  whole  zigbee  spectrum.  in  the  smart  home  monitoring  system,  most  of  the  time  the  radio  signal  does  not  find  the  line  of  sight  communication,  and  it  has  to  travel  through  multiple  obstacles  to  reach  the  receiver  end.  in  real  conditions,  a
__label__environmentmonitoring radio  signal  usually  comes  across  different  kinds  of  objects  in  its  transmission  path  and  suffers  from  attenuation,  relying  on  the  absorption  characteristics  of  the  obstructions.  these  objects  are  of  different  typessuch  as  mobile  and  staticand  absorb  the  desired  rf  signal  power  and  attenuate  it.  in  the  same  way  to  the  free  space  propagation  loss,  higher  frequencies  cause  greater  losses  by  attenuation  ,  .  the  experimental  setup  arranged  for  this  was  a  realistic,  smart  building  environment  as  already  represented  in  and  above.  in  the  building  environment,  we  usually  find  different  architectures  and  various  obstructions  such  as  chairs,  tables,  and  other  household
__label__environmentmonitoring equipment,  but  we  chose  an  empty  room  as  well  as  a  hall  where  we  did  not  find  any  household  stuffs  to  get  a  precise  measurement  of  the  attenuation  caused  by  the  material.  although  in  the  realistic  scenario  there  are  different  objects  and  household  equipment,  these  objects  add  extra  attenuation  and  multipath  propagation  that  affects  the  measurement.  this  setup  is  made  to  get  the  fully  controlled  environment  to  examine  the  attenuation  effect  on  system  performance.  the  transmitter  and  receiver  are  separated  by  a  particular  type  of  material  and  the  distance  to  evaluate  attenuation  loss  was  defined.  initially,  with  a  line  of
__label__environmentmonitoring sight  path,  the  rssi  values  were  recorded  and  compared  with  an  individual  type  of  obstruction.  the  attenuation  loss  by  different  material  types  is  presented  in  figue  16.  while  the  plywood  wall  does  not  cause  significant  attenuation  loss,  the  steel  panels  used  as  interior  wall  in  the  building  causes  major  attenuation  loss.  attenuation  loss  caused  by  different  materials  in  the  smart  building,  measured  between  transmitter  and  receiver.  human  bodies  are  made  of  about  70  water;  they  attenuate  rf  signals.  the  attenuation  caused  by  the  human  body  in  ism  band  is  about  3  db  and  in  the  5  ghz  band  it  is
__label__environmentmonitoring about  5  db  ,  .  so,  to  evaluate  how  a  densely  populated  area  affects  the  system  performance,  we  considered  two  scenarios,  the  first  was  the  regular  days  at  home  and  the  second  during  a  party  with  a  group  of  people  celebrating.  as  shown  in  ,  the  packet  reliability  in  the  regular  population  was  slightly  better  than  denselypopulated  party  condition.  attenuation  loss  caused  by  two  different  scenarios;  one  is  regular,  and  other  is  in  a  densely  populated  smart  building,  measured  between  transmitter  and  receiver.  from  ,  we  can  easily  identify  that  there  is  a  marginal  improvement  in  system  performance  and  packet
__label__environmentmonitoring reliability  but  even  this  matters.  in  smart  home  applications,  each  and  every  packet  has  importance,  so  even  this  marginal  improvement  plays  a  significant  role  during  any  emergency  assistance  support  request.  digi  xbee  zigbee  rf  device  is  based  on  the  csmaca  but  even  with  that  it  is  not  able  to  mitigate  the  interference  sufficiently.  to  investigate  the  characteristics  of  interference  affecting  smart  building  network,  we  have  set  up  a  controlled  noise  environment.  the  controlled  noise  of  different  noise  levels  was  applied,  and  the  effect  at  the  receiver  end  was  measured  .  the  center  frequency  of  smart  building  network  operation  is  2425
__label__environmentmonitoring mhz.  in  the  smart  building  environment  usually  we  find  the  microwave  oven,  wifi,  bluetooth  and  ham  radio,  which  operate  under  ism  spectrum.  as  shown  in  ,  to  produce  controlled  noise,  we  used  rohde  schwarz  835.8011.58  with  different  types  of  antennas,  and  spectrum  analyzer  anritsu  ms2127a  were  used  for  interference  measurement.  we  did  not  consider  antenna  orientation;  we  only  considered  the  noise  source  range  and  frequency  band.  controlled  noise  setup  to  investigate  the  interference  characteristics  of  the  smart  building  environment;  external  noise  generated  by  planner  antenna;  external  noise  generated  by  directional  antenna;  external  noise  generated  by  isotropic  antenna  and  external  noise
__label__environmentmonitoring generated  by  small  planner  antenna.  in  obtaining  ,  the  microwave  signal  of  amplitude  60  dbm  occupying  the  ism  band  frequency  was  applied.  initially,  this  microwave  signal  was  applied  at  2400  mhz,  and  the  corresponding  snr  value  for  zigbee  network  was  measured,  but  as  the  microwave  signal  operating  frequency  was  moving  close  to  zigbee  network  operating  frequency,  the  snr  value  was  degrading.  when  it  reached  the  2425  14  mhz,  it  had  disturbed  the  whole  signal,  as  we  can  see  by  ,  and  packet  reception  became  zero.  with  a  similar  approach  for  wifi,  ham  radio,  and  bluetooth,  the  disturbance  regions  were  identified
__label__environmentmonitoring at  2425  11  mhz  and  2425  12  mhz,  respectively,  whereas  bluetooth  did  not  affect  snr  significantly.  snr  vs.  operating  frequency  of  different  rf  sources  in  ism  band;  and  pdr  vs.  operating  frequency  of  different  rf  sources  in  ism  band  to  investigate  effect  of  interferences  on  zigbee  smart  building  network.  one  of  the  best  ways  is  to  check  the  noise  level  in  the  ism  band  and  identify  the  frequency  where  the  interference  is  least  each  time  before  smart  system  installation,  and  select  that  particular  channel  for  smart  building  operation.  the  channel  frequency  selection  is  made  possible  by  xbee  boot  settings.  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  household  environment,  people  usually  place  different  types  of  material  here  and  there  regardless  of  sensor  nodes.  when  the  household  stuff  is  placed  near  to  sensor  nodes,  it  becomes  an  obstruction  for  wireless  communication.  so,  the  placement  of  sensor  nodes  should  be  done  in  such  a  way  where  it  gets  least  affected  by  household  stuff,  and  the  inhabitants  should  be  made  aware  to  avoid  the  placement  of  household  stuff  near  sensor  nodes.  changing  the  building  material  to  reduce  the  attenuation  is  not  an  option  for  the  researcher,  but  the  appropriate  placement  of  sensor  nodes  in  the  household  environment  can  reduce
__label__environmentmonitoring the  attenuation  loss  to  a  significant  extent.  wireless  sensor  networks  and  internet  of  thingsbased  smart  home  is  becoming  an  important  ambientassisted  living  environment  for  individuals,  where  necessary  care  can  be  provided  at  the  time  of  need,  and  wellness  can  be  measured  and  predicted.  an  old  home  built  in  1938  had  been  converted  into  a  smart  home  with  the  help  of  sensing  technology  and  was  in  operation  since  may  2013.  the  expertise  and  knowledge  of  smart  home  have  been  explored  to  extend  it  to  an  intelligent  building.  ism  band  interference  and  attenuation  issues  have  been  considered  to  observe  the  effectiveness  of
__label__environmentmonitoring wireless  communication  and  placement  of  wireless  nodes.  more  results  will  be  reported  in  our  future  works.  the  authors  acknowledge  the  support  and  resources  of  the  school  of  engineering  and  advanced  technology,  massey  university,  new  zealand.  ns  has  conceptualized  the  smart  home  monitoring  system  and  wellness  function  generation.  the  approach  of  extension  to  building  environment,  loss  mitigation  and  necessary  experimental  work  followed  by  data  analysis  is  done  by  hg.  ns  have  provided  important  intellectual  suggestions  for  this  extension.  sm  and  xg  are  supervisors  and  responsible  for  research  inputs  and  editing  the  manuscript.  hg  is  responsible  for  first  draft  of  the  paper.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  department  of  computer  science  technology  and  computation,  university  of  alicante,  03690  alicante,  spain;  d.g.;  j.a.  department  of  computer  science  technology  and  computation,  university  of  alicante,  03690  alicante,  spain;  d.g.;  j.a.  department  of  software  and  computing  systems,  university  of  alicante,  03690  alicante,  spain;  department  of  computer  science  technology  and  computation,  university  of  alicante,  03690  alicante,  spain;  d.g.;  j.a.  department  of  computer  systems  architecture,  gdansk  university  of  technology,  80233  gdansk,  poland;  the  new  internet  of  things  paradigm  allows  for  small  devices  with  sensing,  processing  and  communication  capabilities  to  be  designed,  which  enable  the  development
__label__environmentmonitoring of  sensors,  embedded  devices  and  other  things  ready  to  understand  the  environment.  in  this  paper,  a  distributed  framework  based  on  the  internet  of  things  paradigm  is  proposed  for  monitoring  human  biomedical  signals  in  activities  involving  physical  exertion.  the  main  advantages  and  novelties  of  the  proposed  system  is  the  flexibility  in  computing  the  health  application  by  using  resources  from  available  devices  inside  the  body  area  network  of  the  user.  this  proposed  framework  can  be  applied  to  other  mobile  environments,  especially  those  where  intensive  data  acquisition  and  high  processing  needs  take  place.  finally,  we  present  a  case  study  in  order  to  validate
__label__environmentmonitoring our  proposal  that  consists  in  monitoring  footballers  heart  rates  during  a  football  match.  the  realtime  data  acquired  by  these  devices  presents  a  clear  social  objective  of  being  able  to  predict  not  only  situations  of  sudden  death  but  also  possible  injuries.  the  development  of  information  and  communications  technologies  ict  is  revolutionizing  our  lives.  they  have  a  great  impact  on  economy  ,  policy  and  other  areas  of  the  society.  in  this  way,  healthcare  has  been  generally  highly  connected  to  technology.  this  relationship  has  become  stronger  over  the  last  two  decades.  one  of  the  main  reasons  for  this  is  the  proliferation  of  all
__label__environmentmonitoring types  of  devices  that  can  be  easily  installed  in  most  health  centers.  in  addition,  telemedicine,  which  was  first  mentioned  several  decades  ago,  is  now  a  reality  and  has  been  highly  developed  and  this  evolution  has  also  extended  to  other  healthcare  sectors  .  the  emerging  paradigm  of  internet  of  things  iot  is  specially  focused  on  collecting  and  processing  data  everywhere  and  all  the  time  ,  ,  ,  .  this  expansion  of  the  iot  is  allowing  to  use  all  type  of  objects  beyond  their  basic  functions,  or  at  least,  for  those  they  were  designed  for  a  wide  range  of  applications.  for  example,
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  management  or  analysis  of  accessibility  in  smart  cities  .  in  the  area  of  healthcare,  devices  are  being  designed  for  many  purposes  such  as  patient  monitoring  to  help  them  manage  particularly  chronic  conditions  ,  recovering  from  injuries  or  design  of  ambient  assisted  living  aal  environments  .  related  with  this  idea,  mobile  health  things  mhealth  is  a  new  concept  of  using  smart  mobile  devices  to  create  efficient  healthcare  services  and  solutions  .  in  recent  years,  a  lot  of  gadgets  and  smart  devices  that  use  sensors  to  collect  information  from  different  parts  of  the  human  body  have  been  developed  .  the  devices
__label__environmentmonitoring able  to  sense  human  biosignals  are  known  as  biomedical  sensors.  their  design  has  been  guided  by  the  need  to  make  them  lighter,  less  intrusive  for  human  activity  as  well  as  able  to  provide  valueadded  services  to  the  user.  these  design  criteria  have  helped  to  integrate  them  into  the  new  wearables  devices  and  to  popularise  them  among  citizens  ,  .  moreover,  mobile  devices  are  evolved  enough  and  now,  these  devices  are  able  to  work  with  biomedical  data  and  run  healthrelated  apps  ,  .  in  this  way,  recent  applications  have  been  developed  around  the  aforementioned  concepts  where  the  sensing  capabilities  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring things  play  an  important  role  for  analysing  human  behaviour  and  health  ,  .  there  exist  many  applications  and  devices  that  play  an  increasingly  important  role  in  collecting  personal  health  data.  their  ability  to  acquire  the  electrocardiogram  ecg  data  by  means  of  wearable  devices,  and  combine  them  with  users  mobile  devices  has  enabled  the  monitoring  of  heart  health  metrics  for  different  purposes  such  as  medical  care,  training  and  wellness  monitoring.  however,  sensors  and  other  things  should  have  the  ability  to  understand,  at  least  partly,  the  physical  world  by  themselves  ,  .  current  trends  in  cognitive  science  are  still  a  challenge  as
__label__environmentmonitoring they  require  a  huge  degree  of  interdisciplinarity.  with  changes  to  models  of  society  and  recent  technologies  used  in  telemedicine  as  well  as  in  all  healthcare  sectors,  the  traditional  methods  seem  insufficient  for  this  new  situation.  this  new  state  requires  using  new  techniques  to  address  the  problem.  although,  traditional  methods  are  still  valuable,  they  need  to  be  used  together,  providing  new  architecture  models.  the  focus  of  the  research  conducted  in  this  work  lies  in  using  these  technologies  for  sensing,  and  data  processing  in  order  to  create  some  intelligence  in  the  devices  themselves  and  collaborate  in  providing  advanced  applications  to  the  user.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  paper  also  presents  a  prototype  to  demonstrate  and  validate  the  proposed  solution.  the  evaluation  of  the  proposal  is  performed  through  the  assessment  of  the  global  performance  of  the  system  in  delivering  computation  power.  an  application  example  to  prevent  the  health  risks  associated  with  physical  activity  is  also  described.  so,  if  a  medical  expert  system  could  detect  these  causes  in  realtime  during  the  sports  competition  by  means  of  analyzing  the  biosignals  acquired  by  wearable  sensors,  medical  staff  could  manage  the  situation  and  try  to  prevent  the  health  risks  in  sport.  as  dramatic  example  of  these  risks,  the  sudden  arrhythmic  death
__label__environmentmonitoring syndrome  was  the  most  prevalent  cause  of  sudden  death  sd  in  athletes  .  realtime  monitoring  and  analysis  of  the  ecg  has  proven  to  be  an  effective  strategy  to  detect  the  main  abnormalities  in  the  frame  of  professional  sport  practice  .  there  are  challenges  to  implementing  this  idea  effectively.  the  simultaneous  monitoring  of  many  athletes  could  overflow  the  computing  capabilities  of  the  wearables  and  mobile  devices  of  the  insitu  medical  staff.  this  obstacle  could  be  overcome  by  the  deployment  of  a  centralized  system  that  performs  a  deeper  analysis  and  takes  advantage  of  big  data  methods  on  historical  aggregated  information,  although  some
__label__environmentmonitoring bottlenecks  and  delays  may  result  from  the  communications  among  the  wearable  sensors  and  the  centralized  expert  system.  in  this  work,  a  distributed  sensing  and  monitoring  framework  for  internet  of  things  environments  has  been  proposed  to  overcome  the  previous  problems.  the  is  to  optimize  the  use  of  biomedical  sensors  and  computing  resources  for  being  able  to  provide  advanced  applications  to  the  user.  the  main  contribution  of  this  paper  is  the  design  of  a  distributed  computational  framework  to  use  the  available  computing  capabilities  of  the  smart  devices  for  sharing  the  processing  of  advanced  health  monitoring  applications.  the  target  audience  of  this  work
__label__environmentmonitoring covers  an  interdisciplinary  set  of  professionals  including  computer  scientists,  doctors,  coaches,  directors  of  sports  centers,  among  others.  the  remaining  part  of  the  paper  is  organized  as  follows:  summarizes  related  literature  on  the  use  of  wearable  devices;  describes  the  proposed  framework;  presents  the  case  study  of  this  approach  in  order  to  verify  the  feasibility  of  our  proposal;  finally,  describes  the  conclusions  and  future  lines  of  this  research.  there  are  many  issues  involved  in  this  work,  in  which  an  intensive  research  activity  takes  place.  this  review  is  focused  on  the  healthcare  monitoring  area  to  appreciate  the  scale  of  the  problem  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring recent  approaches  to  face  it.  only  some  of  the  recent  and  representative  works  are  presented  in  order  to  show  the  intensiveness  and  variety  of  research  developed  in  this  area.  a  final  subsection  is  added,  which  summarizes  the  contributions  to  this  work.  one  of  the  prime  challenges  of  scientific  healthcare  applications  is  the  streaming  of  data  collected  by  many  sensors  deployed  across  the  body.  this  current  situation  leads  to  novel  scenarios  where  there  is  an  intersection  between  the  internet  of  things  with  the  quantity  and  quality  of  new  available  wearables,  big  data  the  enormous  amount  of  data  collected  by  many  heterogeneous
__label__environmentmonitoring sources  and  realtime  environments  due  to  the  specific  features  of  the  healthcare  applications  .  this  new  situation  is  no  longer  manageable  by  traditional  methods  and  new  computing  paradigms  need  to  be  defined.  all  interconnected  sensors  create  a  networked  cyberphysical  system  cps  that  is  able  to  monitor  the  health  of  a  person  .  several  strategies  have  been  proposed  for  specific  purposes.  for  example,  the  study  presented  in  is  a  system  for  longterm  monitoring  of  respiration  and  pulse.  this  system  consists  of  four  noncontact  sensors,  used  in  a  laboratory  to  investigate  sensitivity  and  measuring  depth,  which  are  textileintegrated  into  a  shirt.  in
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  the  authors  develop  a  novel  adaptive  multisensor  in  order  to  prevent  venous  stasis  condition.  this  new  approach  improves  and  supplements  the  current  therapeutic  options  by  means  of  pulse  synchronous  electrostimulation  of  the  muscle  pump.  recently,  different  approaches  aim  to  take  advantage  of  the  communication  capabilities  of  smart  phones  in  combination  with  wearable  devices  to  develop  versatile  monitoring  techniques.  some  of  representative  works  are  described  below.  the  research  work  developed  by  muaremi  et  al.  shows  the  use  of  these  devices  in  the  recognition  of  activities  and  stages,  analysis  of  group  behavior,  detection  of  stressful  situations  and  health  monitoring  in  general.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  proposal  made  by  arsand  et  al.  presents  the  bidirectional  communication  between  smartphone  and  smartwatch  in  order  to  offer  new  possibilities  in  the  field  of  diabetes  selfmanagement  by  providing  easier  ways  of  monitoring  blood  glucose  bg,  insulin  injections,  physical  activity  and  dietary  information  directly  from  the  wrist.  the  ubiquitous  capability  of  connected  things  is  being  applied  in  numerous  works  for  remote  monitoring  of  persons  at  risk,  such  as  the  elderly.  terroso  et  al.  present  a  system  consisting  of  a  wearable  sensor  unit,  a  smartphone  and  a  website  in  the  senior  healthcare  field.  when  the  sensor  detects  a  fall,  it  sends
__label__environmentmonitoring an  alert  using  the  smartphone  via  bluetooth  4.0  to  family  members  or  stakeholders.  yang  et  al.  propose  a  new  method  for  ecg  monitoring  based  on  iot  techniques.  ecg  data  are  gathered  using  a  wearable  monitoring  node  and  are  transmitted  directly  to  the  iot  cloud  using  wifi.  the  architecture  of  the  iotbased  ecg  monitoring  systems  is  proposed.  in  this  case,  all  the  most  complex  and  computationallyintensive  processing  is  developed  in  the  cloud.  there  are  techniques  developed  around  smart  mobile  devices  and  the  cloud  .  these  methods  collect  environmental  information  and  user  data  from  sensors  and  use  a  set  of  applications  to
__label__environmentmonitoring store,  process,  display,  and  communicate  data  to  the  cloud.  cloud  server  is  the  key  in  processing  data.  other  works  use  wearable  systems  for  acquiring  physiological  data  of  elderly  patients  and  other  environmental  parameters  of  interest  .  the  data  is  also  transferred  to  cloud  applications  to  be  monitored  by  medical  staff.  in  all  these  novel  health  systems,  wearables  are  able  to  obtain  patient  data  and  send  it  to  smartphones.  smartphones  can  perform  two  different  tasks:  firstly,  they  send  all  the  data  to  the  serverside  layer  that  processes,  analyzes  and  stores  the  data,  and  also  shows  the  processing  results;  secondly,  they  are
__label__environmentmonitoring an  alternative  to  processing  and  analyzing  all  the  data,  and  presenting  the  processing  results.  summarizes  the  contributions.  recent  biomedical  sensing  research  works.  moreover,  in  recent  years  several  approaches  over  a  mobile  cloud  computing  mcc  environment  have  appeared  in  different  medical  subdomains.  the  research  study  developed  by  dihn  et  al.  justifies  the  purpose  of  applying  mcc  in  medical  applications  is  to  minimize  the  limitations  of  traditional  medical  treatment  e.g.,  small  physical  storage,  security  and  privacy,  and  medical  errors.  regarding  to  the  specific  case  of  sport  monitoring,  several  studies  have  demonstrated  the  need  to  monitor  the  physical  effort  of  athletes  to  provide
__label__environmentmonitoring knowledge  of  and  tools  for  ensuring  performance  maintenance,  training  programme  monitoring,  prevention  and  reduction  of  athlete  overtraining  and  injury  ,  .  increasingly,  most  coaches  and  training  staff  have  adopted  monitoring  systems  for  doing  their  work  more  effectively  by  building  custom  train  and  rest  plans  and  preserving  the  athletes  health  ,  .  the  most  basic  method  for  acquiring  the  information  is  by  means  of  psychological  questionnaires  and  surveys  .  the  recoverystress  questionnaire  for  athletes  restqsport  was  developed  to  assess  the  physical  and  mental  impact  of  training  stress  and  to  facilitate  the  formulation  of  strategies  for  the  enhancement  of  recovery  .  other
__label__environmentmonitoring selfreport  forms  such  as  profile  of  mood  states  and  daily  analysis  of  life  demands  are  also  used.  other  reported  aspects  are  the  quantity  and  quality  of  sleep.  the  work  conducted  by  halson  demonstrated  that  sleep  loss  or  deprivation  can  have  significant  effects  on  performance,  motivation,  perception  of  effort  and  cognition  as  well  as  numerous  other  biological  functions.  thus,  to  keep  an  uptodate  register  on  sleep  quantity  and  quality  can  be  useful  for  early  detection  and  intervention  before  significant  performances  and  health  decrements  are  observed.  the  new  capabilities  of  sensors  and  wearables  are  able  to  collect  human  biosignals  during  the  training
__label__environmentmonitoring and  competition  stages  establishing  an  athletetechnology  interaction.  for  example,  the  research  work  performed  by  jobson  et  al.  is  focused  on  the  sport  of  cycling  where  power  outputmeasuring  devices  such  as  ergometers  are  used.  another  representative  example  is  the  study  carried  out  by  twist  and  highton  focused  on  the  fatigue  and  recovery  aspects  of  rugby  players.  different  tests  in  the  team  sport  context  are  developed  such  as  the  jump  test  countermovement/squat  jump,  strength  test,  sprint  performance,  and  isokinetic  and  isoinertial  dynamometry  as  the  athlete  is  doing  exercise  both  during  both  competition  and  training  time.  these  studies  allow  realtime  monitoring  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring effort  rate  made  by  muscles  and  the  measurement  of  the  neuromuscular  function.  the  obtained  data  includes  a  number  of  parameters  of  physical  activity  such  as  average  power,  normalized  power,  speed,  force,  and  acceleration.  another  method  for  monitoring  the  athletes  performance  consists  in  the  timemotion  analysis  tma.  this  technique  analyses  the  sequence  of  movements  made  by  the  athletes  during  the  competition  using  global  position  system  gps  tracking  and  advanced  movement  pattern  analysis  via  digital  video  ,  .  the  sports  intensity  may  differ  according  to  the  playing  position  and,  as  a  consequence,  it  has  a  different  impact  on  the  athletes  stress  level
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  effort  required.  the  heart  monitoring  gives  precise  information  on  the  physical  effort  that  is  taking  place  at  each  time.  a  simple  analysis  method  consists  in  checking  that  the  heart  rate  is  within  a  safe  range.  in  this  case  the  system  knows  that  all  heart  rates  for  each  athlete  should  be  between  a  lower  and  an  upper  threshold.  therefore,  if  one  of  the  heart  rates  exceeds  the  upper  threshold  or  its  value  is  lower  than  the  lower  threshold,  the  system  alerts  the  medical  staff.  however,  other  papers  on  anomaly  detection  from  ecg  data  are  using  inference  methods  based  on
__label__environmentmonitoring dynamic  programming  techniques  and  other  mathematical  operations  in  order  to  detect  deeper  heart  anomalies  that  may  cause  injuries,  even  when  the  heart  rate  is  within  safe  ranges.  the  training  impulse  trimp  is  often  considered  a  useful  means  of  assessing  training  load  .  a  trimp  is  a  unit  of  physical  effort  that  is  calculated  using  training  duration  and  maximal,  resting,  and  average  heart  rate  hr  during  the  exercise  session.  there  are  many  research  works  focused  on  monitoring  of  physical  activity  using  hr  measures  ,  .  the  research  work  developed  by  daanen  et  al.  uses  heart  rate  recovery  hrr  defined  as  the
__label__environmentmonitoring rate  at  which  hr  declines  at  the  cessation  of  exercise  and  has  been  suggested  to  be  a  marker  of  autonomic  function  and  training  status  in  athletes.  hrr  can  be  calculated  over  varying  timeframes,  usually  between  30  s  and  2  min,  with  the  difference  between  end  of  exercise  hr  and  hr  at  60  s  postexercise  being  most  commonly  used.  the  analysis  of  the  electrocardiographic  wave  is  a  powerful  method  for  analysing  the  performance  in  sport  and  detecting  heart  diseases  .  there  are  several  risk  situations  for  sport  practice  that  can  be  inferred  from  the  ecg  such  as  hypertrophic  cardiomyopathy  hcm  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring hypertensive  heart  disease  hhd  ,  commotio  cordis  ,  coronary  artery  anomalies  caa  ,  or  left  ventricular  hypertrophy  lhv  .  an  important  part  of  the  risks  associated  with  physical  activity  comes  from  cardiovascular  disease  and  heart  failure  ,  ,  especially,  those  that  can  cause  the  unexpected  and  sd  of  the  subject.  this  is  known  as  sd  situations  in  sport.  despite  all  the  recognized  health  benefits  of  sport  and  general  physical  activity,  it  has  been  proven  that  the  practice  of  sport  in  an  overly  intensive  way  increases  the  risk  of  sd.  sd  occurs  in  approximately  one  in  200,000  athletes  annually  .  recently,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sudden  and  unexpected  deaths  suffered  by  athletes  while  exercising  their  respective  professional  sports  have  caused  some  alarm.  the  phenomenon  has  been  mainly  associated  with  footballers:  antonio  puerta  sevilla  fc,  sevilla,  spain,  marcvivien  foe  yaund,  cameroon,  miklos  feher  benfica,  guimares,  portugal  and  patrick  ekeng  dinamo  bucharest,  bucharest,  romania.  this  cause  of  death  is  also  seen  in  other  professional  sports  such  as  basketball,  cycling,  rugby,  volleyball,  running,  etc.  physical  activity  is  considered  a  true  reflection  of  the  health  and  quality  of  life  of  a  society  and  so  the  public  has  trouble  understanding  how  an  apparently  healthy  young  person  can  die  while
__label__environmentmonitoring showing  great  vitality  in  performing  his  usual  sport.  cases  of  sd  in  the  headlines  of  the  sports  press,  especially  when  it  happens  to  highlytrained  athletes  with  excellent  athletic  performance,  show  that  the  athletes  were  not  aware  that  they  were  carriers  of  a  silent  yet  potentially  lethal  cardiovascular  disease,  despite  having  been  subjected  to  different  medical  checks  throughout  their  professional  sporting  lives.  the  work  presented  by  corrado  et  al.  discusses  how  little  is  known  about  the  risk  of  sd  in  adolescents  and  young  adults  engaged  in  sports.  they  carried  out  a  study  of  young  people  in  italy,  with  a  total  population
__label__environmentmonitoring of  adolescents  and  young  adults  averaged  of  1,386,600,  of  which  112,790  were  competitive  athletes.  they  concluded  that  sport,  per  se,  was  not  a  cause  of  the  enhanced  mortality.  however,  it  triggered  sd  in  those  athletes  who  were  affected  by  cardiovascular  conditions  predisposing  to  lifethreatening  ventricular  arrhythmias  during  physical  exercise.  in  the  review  carried  out  by  ,  a  comprehensive  assessment  of  many  issues  that  target  the  interrelation  of  intense  physical  exertion  with  cardiac  structure  and  function  is  presented.  the  less  likely  potentially  adverse  consequences  of  sports  are  also  described.  they  explore  different  aspects,  such  as  athletes  heart,  physiology,  chamber  morphology,  spectrum
__label__environmentmonitoring of  abnormal  ecg,  arrhythmias,  etc.  marijon  et  al.s  study  of  the  prevalence,  characteristics,  and  outcome  of  sportsrelated  sd  represents  the  first  study  which  assessed  and  considered  820  cases  of  sportsrelated  sds  and  resuscitated  cardiac  arrests  in  a  general  population.  therefore,  taking  into  account  the  significant  number  of  cases,  the  authors  identified  a  higher  burden  of  sd  than  previously  suspected  from  exhaustive  assessments  of  sportsrelated  sd  in  young  competitive  athletes.  the  objective  of  the  work  by  steinvil  et  al.  determined  if  preparticipation  screening  of  athletes  with  a  strategy  including  resting  and  exercise  ecg  reduces  their  risk  for  sd.  however,  after  24
__label__environmentmonitoring documented  events  of  sd  or  cardiac  arrest  events  among  competitive  athletes  during  the  period  between  1985  and  2009,  the  authors  found  out  that  the  incidence  of  sd  of  athletes  is  within  the  range  reported  by  others.  there  are  other  studies  investigating  sd  in  general  sports  in  different  locations  ,  .  the  authors  aim  to  explore  sudden  cardiac  death  during  physical  activity  in  young  adults.  subsequently,  these  cases  were  validated  by  information  from  medical  records  and  autopsy  reports.  twentythree  sportsrelated  sd  1734  years,  were  identified  .  they  have  even  identified  the  causes  of  death,  which  were  myocardial  infarction,  myocarditis,  conduction  abnormalities,
__label__environmentmonitoring aortic  stenosis,  cardiac  rupture,  hypertrophic  obstructive  cardiomyopathy,  congenital  coronary  anomaly,  and  coronary  sclerosis  without  defined  infarction.  myocardial  diseases  were  the  most  frequent  for  those  aged  under  35  years.  these  causes  of  sd  could  be  early  detected  by  comparing  the  ecg  data  during  sport  with  the  ecg  performed  during  the  previous  treadmill  exercise  stress  test  carried  out  on  the  athletes,  as  demonstrated  by  the  health  studies  carried  out  .  other  sd  methods  have  been  developed  in  recent  times  based  on  the  analysis  of  ecg  signal  which  could  be  processed  in  real  time  and  then,  to  predict  sd  situations  in  a  preventive
__label__environmentmonitoring way  ,  ,  .  this  opens  new  ways  of  using  technology  for  preventing  injuries  in  sport  activities.  moreover,  the  modern  communication  capabilities  though  new  protocols  allow  create  a  wireless  body  area  network  ban  of  sensors  and  synchronize  the  different  biosignals  to  obtain  an  integrated  profile  of  the  user  ,  ,  .  in  this  way,  a  wireless  sensor  network  can  be  implemented  and  monitoring  of  a  group  of  subjects.  wireless  ban  operates  in  close  vicinity  to  a  human  body  and  supports  a  variety  of  applications.  ieee  802  has  established  a  task  group  called  ieee  802.15.6  for  the  standardization  of  wireless  ban
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  ,  .  after  reviewing  the  representative  proposals  in  this  field,  some  findings  can  be  identified  that  justify  and  summarize  our  contributions  to  previous  works:  the  number  of  wearables,  mobile  devices  and  other  connected  things  are  increasing  significantly.  this  increases  the  possibilities  of  using  new  types  of  applications  that  take  advantage  of  their  ubiquitous  sensing  and  communication  possibilities.  the  utilization  of  user  portable  things  for  aiding  biomedical  sensing  is  growing.  several  works  propose  using  the  devices  for  medical  monitoring.  in  addition,  the  combination  of  wearables  and  mobile  devices  allow  designing  biomedical  sensing  systems  for  selfmonitoring  in  a  comfortable  way.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring complexity  of  advanced  applications  means  they  are  expensive  to  run  only  on  wearables  and/or  acquisition  devices.  the  trend  of  upgrading  the  overall  performance  of  complex  applications  used  in  distributed  environments  such  as  iot,  mobile  apps,  etc.  is  finding  ways  of  providing  additional  computing  power  to  mobile  devices  and  things.  the  physical  effort  monitoring  in  professional  sports  practice  is  a  very  useful  tool  to  understand  athletic  performance  and  how  the  athletes  body  works.  the  new  technology  is  a  key  enabler  for  this  purpose.  shows  a  very  general  iot  scheme,  which  is  the  approach  shown  in  most  of  the  works  reviewed  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  state  of  the  art.  there  are  many  tasks  throughout  the  iot  process  that  can  be  divided  more  efficiently.  general  schema  of  iot.  on  the  one  hand,  as  far  as  information  input  is  concerned,  iot  establishes  a  very  diverse,  distributed,  and  complex  series  regarding  the  great  diversity  of  sensors  and  other  devices/sensing  elements  that  collect  data,  including  social  networks  through  their  different  apis.  most  of  the  information  is  directly  sent  to  the  cloud,  starting  with  the  previous  stages  of  processing,  cleaning,  transformation,  and  normalization,  as  it  has  been  seen  in  the  works  reviewed.  however,  most  of  this  information  can  be
__label__environmentmonitoring preprocessed  in  the  available  resources  on  current  mobile  devices.  likewise,  in  the  last  stage  of  this  scheme,  analysis,  and  visualization,  again  the  resources  of  the  mobile  devices  could  play  an  important  role  to  use  their  processing  capabilities  in  these  tasks.  the  research  presented  in  this  paper  pursues  the  same  objectives  as  mentioned  above  and  aims  to  take  advantage  of  the  iot  paradigm  for  designing  medical  applications  and  human  biomedical  monitoring.  our  research  effort  is  directed  at  developing  a  computational  environment  integrating  heterogeneous  computing  resources  that  allows  advanced  medical  application  monitoring  to  be  computed.  the  target  devices  are  those  including  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  iot  ecosystem  around  users:  wearable  devices  for  measuring  different  biomedical  parameters  of  athletes  in  realtime  during  sporting  activities  and  mobile  devices  such  as  smartphones,  tablets,  laptops,  etc.  where  the  medical  specialist  can  monitor  the  athlete  performance.  the  advantages  of  the  proposed  framework  are  based  on  the  flexibility  in  distributing  the  application  workload.  the  capabilities  of  the  processing  resources  are  efficiently  used.  this  fact  can  be  deducted  from  the  described  case  study  and  the  acquired  simulation  data  such  as  the  formalization  capability  of  the  application  and  the  deployed  distributed  infrastructure,  and  the  flexibility  in  distributing  the  application  workload.  modern  activities
__label__environmentmonitoring of  health  monitoring  have  been  revolutionized  by  development  of  iot  paradigm.  currently,  the  new  smart  sensor  devices  are  changing  the  way  users  and  professionals  can  work.  in  general  terms,  the  combination  of  sensing  technology  and  smart  mobile  devices  can  handle  the  computing  capabilities  of  new  healthcare  applications  which,  not  so  long  ago,  had  to  be  performed  only  in  hospital  environments.  several  devices,  such  as  smartwatches,  mobile  phones  or  tablets  have  been  widely  adopted  to  monitor  daily  sports  activities  not  only  for  the  athletes  but  also  of  the  general  population,  obtaining  their  activity  and  performance  data  ,  .  in  other  competitive
__label__environmentmonitoring scenarios,  such  as  professional  sports,  the  medical  staff  is  able  to  monitor  the  performance  of  athletes  during  times  of  high  stress.  for  example,  in  a  sporting  event  such  as  football  match,  bicycle  or  running  race.  in  these  cases,  the  devices  usually  used  are  light  portable  computers  like  a  tablet  or  laptop.  the  deployment  of  powerful  workstations  or  servers  are  not  practical  in  a  real  environment.  moreover,  the  computing  aid  from  a  serverside  hosted  in  the  cloud  is  not  always  available  for  realtime  monitoring.  the  use  of  cloud  resources  is  often  limited  to  storing  the  data  for  further  analysis.  these  operation
__label__environmentmonitoring conditions  limit  the  type  of  applications  that  can  be  deployed.  thus,  nowadays,  the  most  common  use  by  medical  staff  and  sport  coaches  is  just  using  a  monitoring  application.  the  proposed  framework  enhances  this  health  monitoring  by  means  of  leveraging  the  computing  capabilities  of  modern  wearables  and  other  iot  devices  for  computing  advanced  medical  applications.  the  main  idea  is  to  get  some  devices  sensors  or  wearables  of  the  ban  can  take  part  in  the  application  processing  and  then,  to  provide  high  level  information  to  the  medical  staffs  devices  to  perform  further  data  analysis.  shows  the  general  scheme  of  the  proposed  computing
__label__environmentmonitoring elements  considered  by  the  framework.  in  contrast  with  other  approaches  ,  the  criterion  to  be  a  part  of  this  ban  is  that  the  device  is  worn  by  the  user,  and  not  its  processing  capability.  this  approach  combines  the  things  of  the  ban  with  sensing  and  computing  capabilities  in  an  integrated  way.  that  is,  there  are  thing  with  only  sensing  features  i.e.,  biosensors,  there  are  things  with  only  computing  features  i.e.,  smartphones  and  there  are  things  with  both  sensing  and  computing  features  i.e.,  smartwatches.  all  of  them  have  communication  capabilities  to  make  a  wireless  network  to  share  data.  diagram  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring computing  elements  of  the  framework.  the  computing  elements  are  interconnected  creating  the  iot  communication  network.  usually,  the  set  of  devices  are  connected  to  a  local  area  network  lan  in  a  wireless  way.  thus,  these  devices  form  a  wireless  local  area  network  wlan  among  them.  the  development  of  the  wlan  standards  has  been  driven  for  bringing  connectivity  anywhere  and  improving  the  performance  of  the  network.  summarizes  some  features  relating  to  transfer  rate  of  the  latest  evolutions  of  the  standard  up  today  ,  .  current  wlan  standards  features.  the  data  depend  on  the  installation  scenario  and  environmental  conditions:  i.e.,  indoor,  outdoor,  presence
__label__environmentmonitoring of  walls  and  obstacles,  etc.  the  maximum  number  of  supported  devices  or  stations  connected  to  a  wlan  depends  on  the  data  rate  of  the  connection  since  they  have  to  share  the  available  bandwidth.  the  current  transfer  rate  can  be  known  for  each  device  by  simply  monitoring  the  network  interface.  however,  in  order  to  get  a  relative  value,  the  total  bandwidth  available  for  the  device  is  required.  in  a  network  where  computing  nodes  are  mobile  and  connected  through  standard  wireless  networks,  knowing  the  total  free  bandwidth  is  not  an  easy  task.  first  of  all,  in  standard  networks,  bandwidth  is  shared  among
__label__environmentmonitoring the  interconnected  devices,  and  secondly,  the  position  of  the  mobile  devices  affects  the  available  bandwidth.  in  such  cases,  one  feasible  approach  is  to  consider  an  estimation  of  the  total  bandwidth  based  on  the  average  values  retrieved  on  regular  checks  by  the  devices.  the  framework  provides  a  method  to  successfully  design  and  configure  the  distribution  and  sharing  of  the  application  workload.  gives  a  general  overview  of  the  inputs  and  outputs  for  each  design  stage.  as  can  be  appreciated,  the  design  of  distributed  applications  under  the  proposed  framework  consists  of  three  main  steps:  i  application  analysis  for  task  and  data  flow  break
__label__environmentmonitoring down;  ii  resource  planning  and  iii  deployment  and  empirical  adjustments.  framework  methodology.  implementations  stateoftheart  techniques  application  requirements  working  environment  constraints  application  partitioning  granularity  unit  dataflow  diagrams  cloud  market  network  architecture  iot  environment  iot  environment  configuration:  sensors,  wearables,  mobile  devices,  etc.  configuration  set  up.  test  distributed  architecture  for  iot  environment  next,  explanations  on  how  the  framework  works  are  provided.  the  example  used  corresponds  with  the  sd  detection  in  mobile  environments.  this  methodology  can  be  exported  to  other  advanced  healthcare  monitoring  applications  or  other  contexts,  especially  those  where  intensive  data  acquisition  and  high  processing  needs  take  place.  the  applications  based  on  ecg
__label__environmentmonitoring analysis,  and  in  particular,  the  sd  detection  have  been  reviewed  in  the  stateoftheart  section  to  show  the  importance  of  providing  solutions  able  to  be  deployed  in  mobile  environments  where  a  hospital  monitoring  context  is  not  available.  iapplication  analysis  for  task  and  data  flow  decomposition  there  are  different  ways  in  which  the  overall  activity  of  the  application  can  be  decomposed  in  different  tasks.  this  work  depends  on  the  application  area  and  the  type  of  application.  there  are  two  key  features  in  this  step.  firstly,  a  proper  application  partitioning  to  distribute  the  code  for  local  and  remote  computation  must  be  designed.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring methodology  can  be  static  or  dynamic:  the  static  approach  establishes  the  parts  of  the  candidate  application  to  be  processed  by  smart  sensors  at  the  design  stage;  the  dynamic  approach  requires  analyzing  the  application  code  on  the  fly  to  determine  which  part  can  be  processed  out  of  the  device.  secondly,  the  granularity  unit  needs  to  be  defined.  this  feature  determines  the  size  unit  of  the  application  that  can  be  computed  separately.  the  usual  options  are  module,  process,  class,  component  and  method.  this  granularity  is  used  for  partitioning  the  application.  this  aspect  is  closely  related  to  the  abstraction  level  and  data  transmission
__label__environmentmonitoring requirements.  a  coarsegrained  allows  a  high  level  of  abstraction  but  increases  the  need  for  communicating  application  details  and  synchronization.  in  contrast,  a  finegrained  needs  so  much  scheduling  work.  this  framework  considers  as  granularity  unit  the  application  task.  the  review  of  existing  implementations  and  stateoftheart  techniques  are  very  important  for  designing  the  right  decomposition  of  the  applications.  in  addition,  the  application  requirements  and  the  working  environment  constraints  play  an  important  role  in  designing  the  proper  dataflow  diagrams.  generally,  modern  implementations  of  many  computer  methods  take  into  account  limitedresource  target  devices  such  as  wearables  and  sensing  devices.  in  these  cases,  some  key
__label__environmentmonitoring features  must  be  considered  such  as  the  enhanced  communication  capabilities  and  battery  consumption.  as  a  result,  the  target  application  is  described  by  a  directed  graph  ,  where:  is  the  vertex  set  and  represents  the  set  of  applications  tasks  required  for  data  acquisition,  processing  and  monitoring.  then,  the  application  is  broken  down  into  a  list  of  tasks:  t  ,  t  ,  ,  t  is  the  edge  set  and  represents  the  data  flows  exchanged  between  the  tasks.  the  data  flows  set  the  precedence  between  the  tasks  and  the  volume  of  exchanged  data.  fi,  j  defines  the  volume  of  data  exchanged  between  the
__label__environmentmonitoring tasks  i  and  j.  for  the  sd  application  example  conducted  along  this  section,  a  lot  of  work  have  been  reviewed  in  this  research  in  order  to  design  the  proper  data  flow  decomposition.  thus,  the  list  of  identified  tasks  corresponds  with  the  most  common  processes  involved  in  the  sd  detection  mentioned  in  the  stateoftheart  techniques.  the  data  flow  diagram  shown  in  a  depicts  an  example  of  an  application  modelled  according  to  this  principle.  this  task  size  can  be  one  of  the  previously  mentioned,  it  can  be  variablesized  and  executed  sequentially.  diagram  of  a  sd  detection  application  in  our  proposed  iotbased  framework.
__label__environmentmonitoring list  of  tasks  and  general  flow;  distributed  configurations.  iiresource  planning  once  the  computational  load  is  characterized,  the  next  step  consists  of  determining  where  each  task  will  be  processed.  the  idea  of  the  framework  is  that  the  processing  flows  from  ban  devices  to  other  devices  outside  it.  in  this  step,  the  network  architecture,  and  the  iot  environment  are  essential  inputs  for  carrying  out  the  resource  planning.  in  accordance  with  the  proposed  framework,  the  devices  involved  are  defined  as  follows:  let  b  be  the  set  of  devices  or  things  of  the  ban.  these  devices  are  worn  by  users.  their  work  consists  in
__label__environmentmonitoring sensing  and  communicating  the  data  to  other  devices.  in  addition,  they  may  have  some  computing  power.  let  m  be  the  set  of  available  computers  outside  the  ban  of  the  user.  this  set  includes  the  computers  and  other  mobile  devices  that  have  processing  capabilities.  thus,  the  devices  of  this  set  can  show  the  data  and  process  it.  let  e  be  a  set  of  external  sensors.  this  set  includes  another  type  of  external  devices  to  the  user  for  sensing  other  information  for  the  application.  for  example,  environmental  conditions  such  as  ambient  humidity  and  temperature.  that  is:  b  m  e  in  this  way,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  computation  begins  inside  the  ban  where  the  data  are  acquired  and  can  be  complete  in  other  more  powerful  devices,  that  is  from  b  to  m  devices.  although  possible,  a  data  stream  back  is  not  contemplated  from  the  m  to  the  b  devices.  the  ideal  configurations  are  expected  to  distribute  incrementally  the  processing  of  the  application  with  the  objective  of  computing  the  raw  acquired  biosignals  in  the  nearest  location  for  the  user,  and  reducing  the  communication  needs  with  the  m  devices.  this  causes  two  main  positive  effects:  on  the  one  hand,  the  user  can  monitor  elaborated  data,  and,  on  the
__label__environmentmonitoring other  hand,  the  medical  devices  increase  their  capability  of  handle  more  users  at  the  same  time.  this  second  advantage  comes  into  play  especially  with  complex  applications  and  where  there  are  many  users  to  be  monitored,  for  example,  the  number  of  players  of  a  football  team  is  eleven,  in  a  running  race  there  could  be  hundreds  of  athletes.  as  a  result,  the  proposed  framework  creates  an  intelligent  ban  to  enhance  the  processing  of  advanced  healthcare  applications  and  could  improve  the  quality  of  medical  monitoring  and  health  analysis.  this  approach  transforms  the  application  into  a  distributed  application  represented  by  the  directed  graph
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  and  which  can  be  processed  along  the  set  of  devices  .  for  example,  bd  illustrate  some  configurations  of  distributed  computation.  rather  than  just  send  the  data  to  the  medical  staff  computers,  these  scenarios  allow  a  distributed  processing  of  the  application.  in  the  case  b,  the  first  three  tasks  can  be  performed  by  the  devices  within  the  ban  and  show  some  data  which  can  be  obtained  directly  from  the  acquired  data  to  the  user,  for  example,  heartbeat  count  and  its  evolution  along  the  time  in  a  graph.  in  the  case  c,  further  processing  is  performed  to  obtain  elaborated  and  precise
__label__environmentmonitoring information  before  sending  them  for  anomaly  detection.  the  configuration  d  depicts  a  scheme  where  two  external  devices  to  the  ban  come  into  play:  the  computation  begins  inside  the  ban,  a  middle  device  performs  a  single  task  and  the  rest  of  the  work  is  processing  in  other  device.  other  scenarios  can  occur  depending  on  the  characteristics  of  the  deployed  infrastructure  and  the  application  decomposition.  iiideployment  and  calibration  of  the  system  in  the  distributed  system,  each  task  can  be  run  on  a  different  device  with  different  capabilities.  to  establish  the  most  suitable  computer  where  to  run  each  task,  a  set  of  factors
__label__environmentmonitoring must  be  taken  into  account:  computing  resources,  battery  consumption,  network  bandwidth  availability  and  latency,  etc.  in  addition,  most  of  these  factors  could  vary  over  time;  for  example,  the  free  network  bandwidth.  for  each  computer  or  computer  profile,  the  resources  defined  in  the  previous  section  need  to  be  configured.  after  that,  the  performance  of  the  key  devices  under  each  profile  and  context  application  should  be  carefully  measured.  it  is  necessary  to  check  that  the  device  has  always  enough  capabilities  for  meeting  the  requirements.  in  addition,  the  distributed  application  must  offer  results  as  expected,  switching  data  flows  between  devices  according  to  defined
__label__environmentmonitoring dataflow  and  distributed  configurations.  the  resource  planning  step  should  be  reviewed  and  adjusted  until  the  overall  system  works  as  expected;  proper  system  modelling  and  simulation  can  help  in  the  successful  completion  of  this  step.  in  this  section,  we  present  a  case  study  in  order  to  validate  our  proposal  and  shown  the  benefits  of  the  framework  in  providing  flexibility  for  sharing  the  processing  of  advanced  health  monitoring  applications.  the  case  study  describes  some  working  scenarios  and  offers  several  implementation  alternatives  depending  on  the  aims  of  the  acquired  data  and  the  available  computing  resources.  an  increasing  number  of  coaches  and  individual  athletes
__label__environmentmonitoring are  becoming  more  and  more  convinced  of  the  benefits  of  such  wearable  biosensors  to  obtain  valuable  indicators.  the  smart  systems  created  around  them  allow  sports  performance  to  be  improved,  monitoring  individual  effort,  and  preventing  injuries  or  even  sd.  nowadays,  wearing  a  chest  strap  during  sports  is  very  realistic,  especially  in  toplevel  sports  where  athletes  need  to  collect  data  constantly  to  compare  them  with  historical  registers.  in  addition,  the  technological  development  of  sensing  technology  will  allow  to  create  advanced  body  devices  working  in  an  unnoticed  mode  without  rigid  parts  as  smart  clothes,  patch  or  skin  sensors  and  where  wires  were  not
__label__environmentmonitoring necessary  and  able  to  overcome  the  interferences  from  motion  artifacts  ,  ,  .  this  proposal  consists  of  monitoring  the  heart  information  of  each  player  during  a  football  match.  the  idea  of  football  game  is  due  to  the  media  transcendence,  but  this  idea  can  be  extended  to  any  other  sport  where  a  variable  number  of  players  takes  place  in  a  mobile  environment.  for  example,  running,  cycling,  etc.  the  healthcare  application  consists  in  monitoring  the  ecg  of  each  athlete  in  order  to  prevent  the  sudden  cardiac  death  during  the  match.  the  process  is  based  on  continuously  analyzing  the  information  retrieved  from  the
__label__environmentmonitoring standard  12lead  ecg.  this  data  provides  specific  information  from  the  different  areas  of  the  heart.  this  information  is  usually  used  for  diagnosis  in  electrocardiography  issues  ,  ,  and  it  can  be  read  by  a  chest  strap  wearable  sensor.  by  means  of  this  monitoring  and  analysis  process,  the  system  can  infer  the  main  ecgbased  key  performance  indicators  kpis  for  predicting  a  heart  attack  in  a  player.  in  the  mentioned  application  scenario,  the  proposed  framework  can  provide  processing  distribution  by  using  the  methodology  depicted  in  .  first,  the  overall  activity  must  be  properly  broken  down  into  tasks  and  data  flows.  as  a
__label__environmentmonitoring simple  example  of  the  functions  that  take  place  in  ecgs  analysis  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  the  following  tasks  are  defined  according  the  scheme  depicted  in  a.  other  tasks  and  operation  may  be  needed  for  each  of  the  previous  diagnosis  methods.  tasks  t  :  data  acquisition;  t  :  noise  reduction;  t  :  filtering;  t  :  segmentation;  t  :  feature  extraction;  t  :  anomaly  detection;  t  :  visualization;  t  :  store  data;  t  :  raise  alarm.  t  :  data  acquisition  :  the  data  acquisition  is  always  made  by  the  biosensors.  a  modern  ecg  device  is  basically  a
__label__environmentmonitoring digital  system.  before  any  processing,  the  analog  ecg  signal  is  immediately  converted  into  a  digital  form  by  an  analog  to  digital  conversion  a/d  at  a  particular  sampling  rate  or  frequency  for  further  usage.  t  :  noise  reduction  :  the  noise  reduction  is  an  essential  task  for  ecg  analysis.  the  biosignals  can  be  extremely  noisy  due  to  the  extremely  weak  signals  read.  it  is  expected  that  this  task  only  removes  the  noise  without  changing  the  desired  signal  .  thus,  this  task  only  cuts  off  low  and  high  frequency  noise.  t  :  filtering  :  this  task  is  generally  designed  to  attenuate  or
__label__environmentmonitoring remove  some  frequencies  from  the  input  data,  enhance  signal  and  make  the  work  of  the  next  tasks  easier.  there  exist  several  types  of  methods  for  filtering  a  signal:  linear,  nonlinear  and  polynomial  filtering,  highpass  filters,  finite  impulse  response  filters,  etc.  .  t  :  segmentation  :  heartbeat  segmentation  allows  to  analyze  the  ecg  signal.  different  methods  have  been  used  to  improve  the  detection  accuracy  of  qrs  complex  .  for  example,  the  hilbert  transform  allows  to  detect  the  r  peak  and  to  segment  the  morphology  of  qrs  complex  along  the  ecg  .  a  wide  range  of  methods  allowing  high  detection  rates  have
__label__environmentmonitoring been  proposed,  and  recently,  there  are  research  works  for  achieving  a  realtime  detection  process  in  order  to  run  this  ecg  analysis  applications  into  wearable  biosensors  ,  ,  ,  .  t  :  feature  extraction  :  this  is  the  core  tasks  of  the  ecg  analysis.  any  information  extracted  from  the  heartbeat  used  to  discriminate  its  type  maybe  considered  as  a  feature.  using  the  wavelet  transforms  is  a  suitable  method  for  extracting  features  from  the  ecg  signal  from  both  frequency  and  time  domains  ,  .  t  :  anomaly  detection  :  this  task  consists  in  inferring  the  corresponding  users  heart  condition:  healthy,  heart  failure,
__label__environmentmonitoring myocardial  infarction,  etc.  in  this  field,  there  also  exists  intensive  research  work  ,  .  recently,  machine  learning  methods  offer  a  good  tradeoff  between  accuracy  and  computational  cost  ,  .  t  :  visualization  :  visualization  of  the  data  and  results.  this  task  can  show  the  information  in  realtime  or  ondemand.  the  medical  staff  can  obtain  aggregate  data  from  the  team  of  players.  t  :  store  data  :  the  data  and  the  results  of  analysis  can  be  stored  in  the  computer  for  further  processing.  for  example,  conducting  aggregate  big  data  analysis.  t  :  raise  alarm  :  in  case  where  the  user  is
__label__environmentmonitoring in  a  risk  situation  for  health,  the  system  can  raise  an  alarm  to  the  medical  staff  and  to  the  user  itself.  the  relations  between  the  tasks  are  defined  according  to  the  data  flows  depicted  in  the  figure.  some  tasks  can  be  processed  sequentially  and  others  can  be  performed  in  parallel.  the  results  obtained  can  be  stored,  displayed  on  the  mobile  device  and/or  an  alarm  can  be  raised  if  necessary.  the  next  design  step  is  to  set  the  devices  that  will  collaborate  in  sensing  the  data  and  processing  each  task.  this  is  the  set  of  the  devices  ,  and  it  may
__label__environmentmonitoring contain  local  sensors,  wearables,  smartphones  and  tablets.  these  devices  are  in  the  iot  communications  network.  the  set  of  devices  of  the  ban  consists  of  a  chest  strap  sensor  and  a  smartwatch.  the  chest  strap  sensor  is  a  wearable  biomedical  sensor  that  reads  athletes  heart  rates.  each  athlete  should  wear  this  sensor  for  acquiring  the  most  relevant  data.  the  device  basically  consists  of  a  chest  strap  sensor  that  monitors  the  heart  rate  and  a  communication  module  for  sending  the  data  to  the  display  devices.  this  device  does  not  have  computing  capabilities  due  to  size  and  battery  constraints.  thus,  the  chest  strap
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  is  limited  to  sensing  the  heart  rate  per  second  and  sending  it  to  the  athletes  smartwatch.  a  bluetooth  link  is  established  to  accomplish  this  goal.  the  smartwatch  is  a  modern  wearable  basically  designed  for  display  purposes.  the  device  can  acquire  other  data  such  as  the  field  position,  the  distance  covered,  gps  and  altitude  position  and  the  number  of  minutes  played.  the  wearable  has  good  communication  features.  usually,  it  supports  several  communication  standards  such  as  bluetooth,  wlan  and  global  system  for  mobile  communications  gsm  modes.  in  our  proposal,  each  smartwatch  receives  the  athletes  heart  rate  from  the  chest  strap  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring and  makes  a  data  package  that  includes  the  heart  rate,  gps  coordinates  position  in  the  field,  covered  distance  and  number  of  minutes  played.  this  data  package  is  sent  to  the  mobile  devices  of  the  medical  staff  repeating  this  process  each  second.  the  communication  between  them  is  by  means  of  a  dedicated  wlan  network.  in  addition,  an  environmental  sensor  has  been  added  to  the  system.  the  ambient  conditions  could  influence  the  performance  of  the  athletes  and  the  risk  of  sd.  in  this  case,  the  iot  environment  can  take  into  account  more  than  just  the  health  sensors  in  order  to  reach  a
__label__environmentmonitoring better  prediction.  the  environmental  sensor  reads  ambient  conditions  during  the  match  such  as  ground  temperature,  wind  speed,  wind  temperature,  and  ambient  humidity.  these  data  are  packaged  and  sent  to  the  mobile  devices  of  the  medical  staff  repeating  this  process  each  minute.  the  available  computing  devices  are  of  different  types.  firstly,  the  athletes  smartwatches  can  perform  some  processing  work.  in  addition,  the  sport  coaches  and  medical  staff  have  mobile  devices  such  as  smartphones,  tablets  or  laptops  for  performance  assessment  and  medically  monitoring  the  players.  shows  the  scheme  of  the  infrastructure  deployment,  the  communication  methods  and  the  users  of  the  system.  application
__label__environmentmonitoring scheme.  according  to  this  deployed  infrastructure,  the  iot  environment  consists  of  the  following  devices  :  b  b  :  chest  strap  sensor;  b  :  smartwatch  m  m  :  coachs  tablet;  m  :  medical  staffs  mobile  computer  e  e  :  environmental  sensor;  e  :  thermometer  so  that,  b  ,  b  ,  m  ,  m  ,  e  ,  e  the  iot  communication  network  uses  different  modes.  communication  between  the  biosensor  that  footballers  wear  on  their  bodies  and  the  smartwatch  is  made  through  bluetooth.  this  method  is  usually  used  for  exchanging  data  over  short  distances  using  shortwavelength  ultra  high  frequency  uhf  radio  waves  .
__label__environmentmonitoring the  communication  between  the  wearable  and  the  remote  devices  is  performed  by  means  of  a  dedicated  wlan  deployed  on  the  football  pitch.  the  next  generation  of  802.11ah  standard  is  being  developed  for  iot  applications.  its  main  features  are  greater  coverage  and  higher  power  efficiency  ,  .  this  standard  can  cover  a  long  distance  for  outside  environments  that  is  sufficient  for  a  football  match.  finally,  the  environmental  sensor  data  are  communicated  via  wired  lan  to  be  displayed  and/or  processed.  the  medical  staff  has  a  set  of  mobile  devices  that  receive  all  the  data  packages  from  the  athletes  smartwatches  and  the  environmental
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors.  the  raw  data  are  locally  stored  in  an  sqlite  database.  finally,  when  the  match  finishes,  this  local  sqlite  database  can  be  sent  to  the  cloud  server  to  build  historical  user  database  for  further  processing  and  the  development  of  more  exhaustive  cardiac  checks  for  them.  other  scenarios  could  be  designed  according  to  the  infrastructure  availability  and  the  applications  objectives.  for  example,  the  coach  staff  of  each  team  is  able  to  monitor  the  data  and  obtain  performance  statistics  for  sportrelated  reasons.  that  is,  monitoring  whether  an  athlete  is  doing  as  well  as  they  should  be.  for  many  amateur  sports,  the  objective
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  system  is  only  to  present  the  information  to  the  user  and  create  a  database  with  historical  data.  but  for  professional  athletes  for  whom  greater  physical  exertion  is  required,  other  more  elaborate  calculations  are  needed.  the  development  of  mobile  computing  has  enabled  to  compute  complex  applications  and  methods  in  mobile  devices.  this  is  the  case  of  portable  personal  computers  pc  or  laptops,  tablets  or  even  modern  smartphones.  the  latter  has  experienced  a  spectacular  computer  power  increase  to  face  the  demanding  requirements  of  new  commercial  apps  .  in  addition,  the  ubiquitous  nature  for  computing  and  sensing  make  them  suitable  devices
__label__environmentmonitoring for  some  healthcare  applications.  some  of  the  techniques  and  methods  reviewed  on  the  stateoftheart  section  could  be  processed  on  smartphones  ,  ,  .  however,  there  are  important  shortcomings  for  computing  advanced  healthcare  applications  on  mobile  devices.  in  first  place,  the  battery  life  of  these  devices  is  an  important  issue  and  it  does  not  allow  a  high  intensity  processing  for  a  long  time.  in  addition,  the  smartphone  or  other  mobile  devices  are  too  heavy  and  sized  to  be  worn  by  athletes  in  professional  sports.  secondly,  although  the  medical  staff  or  coach  team  can  handle  this  kind  of  devices  for  health  monitoring,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  power  performance  is  not  enough  for  simultaneously  monitoring  a  numerous  group  of  athletes.  in  addition,  for  some  scenarios,  the  deployment  of  powerful  workstations  or  accessing  to  external  cloud  computing  resources  are  not  available  options.  in  the  proposed  case  study,  the  biomedical  data  needs  to  be  processed  as  quickly  as  possible  to  obtain  a  result  that  allows  medical  staff  to  react  rapidly.  moreover,  the  health  information  obtained  could  also  be  used  for  performance  assessment  of  the  sport  activity.  three  working  scenarios  are  described  to  show  the  flexibility  of  the  framework  in  handling  variable  workload  and  distributing  the  processing.  application  context
__label__environmentmonitoring a  consists  of  a  single  athlete  in  a  training  session.  application  context  b  consists  of  a  training  session  of  a  group  of  11  athletes.  in  this  case,  all  footballers  must  be  analyzed  at  the  same  time.  application  context  c  represents  a  football  match  where  there  are  two  teams  of  11  athletes  and  four  referees  to  monitor.  that  is  26  athletes  in  total.  due  to  the  different  and  exhaustive  medical  checks  that  are  performed  on  footballers  hearts  in  addition  to  the  treadmill  exercise  stress  tests,  all  the  good  and  bad  heart  rates  should  be  known  for  each  of  the  players  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  referees.  this  volume  of  data  could  outperform  the  computing  capabilities  of  the  mobile  devices  for  processing  the  whole  application.  the  application  tasks  shown  in  need  to  be  processed  on  the  fly  to  provide  the  right  information  on  time.  for  early  sd  prevention,  a  few  seconds  is  needed  by  the  cardiologist  team  to  make  the  right  decision  and  save  the  footballers  life.  the  system  provides  medical  staff  with  more  elaborate  data  and  alerts  in  high  risk  situations.  the  proposed  framework  can  overcome  these  drawbacks  by  providing  a  distributed  computation  approach.  however,  the  decision  on  what  tasks  may  be  computed  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  bans  devices  is  not  trivial.  wearable  devices,  such  as  smartwatches,  do  not  have  enough  computing  power  for  performing  complex  calculations.  their  contribution  in  the  processing  will  not  be  great,  but  sufficient  for  helping  in  providing  the  results  on  time.  the  idea  of  sharing  the  processing  makes  that  part  of  each  algorithm  were  processed  by  each  athlete  at  the  same  time.  note  that  this  is  not  a  scaling  problem,  instead,  flexibility  is  needed.  the  capability  for  handling  the  complex  iot  scenarios  provided  by  the  proposed  system  is  independent  of  the  amount  of  data  to  be  processed  at  the  same  time.
__label__environmentmonitoring for  example,  a  marathon  in  which  thousands  of  runners  participate  could  be  monitored  in  a  similar  way.  the  framework  enables  the  task  distribution  and  processing  through  computingresources  shared  among  available  devices  of  the  mobile  environment.  to  configure  the  behavior  of  the  system  and  the  correct  distribution  of  the  tasks,  the  computing  load  must  be  defined  in  terms  of  the  performance  aspects  for  each  t  :  response  time  and  transfer  rate  for  each  device.  the  most  suitable  devices  can  be  set  up  for  each  application  depending  on  the  performance  aspects  and  costs  estimations.  this  case  study  considers  the  distribution  of  tasks
__label__environmentmonitoring depicted  by  bd.  these  are  only  possible  scenarios.  other  distributions  can  be  configured  according  to  the  complexity  of  the  methods  and  the  healthcare  application,  the  available  devices  of  the  ban  and  the  amount  of  computing  resources  outside  of  the  ban.  the  suitable  task  distribution  can  be  done  after  a  calibration  process  of  each  scenario.  the  computational  framework  sets  up  the  tasks  that  will  be  processed  on  each  device  and  defines  their  efficient  distribution  according  to  the  application  needs,  the  available  resources  and  the  user  preferences.  the  data  flow  switching  between  sensors  and  devices  under  the  established  task  schedule  gives  an
__label__environmentmonitoring overall  resilience  for  the  mobile  environment  and  allows  the  healthcare  application  meets  its  requirements.  as  shown  in  the  figure,  data  acquisition  t  :  data  acquisition  is  always  made  through  devices  of  ban.  the  preprocessing  stages  t  :  noise  reduction;  t  :  filtering  are  serious  candidate  to  be  processed  on  the  sensing  devices  and/or  other  devices  of  the  ban.  in  this  way,  the  ban  supplies  clean  data  instead  of  raw  data.  the  next  operations  t  :  segmentation;  t  :  feature  extraction;  t  :  anomaly  detection  need  some  computing  power  to  be  performed.  if  it  is  possible  to  be  computed  inside  the
__label__environmentmonitoring ban,  it  provides  health  information  rather  than  a  data  signal.  in  addition,  it  may  reduce  the  amount  of  data  to  be  transmitted  and  the  bandwidth  is  most  efficiently  used.  there  are  recent  research  work  aiming  to  reduce  the  computational  cost  of  the  ecg  analysing  techniques  ,  for  enabling  their  processing  in  wearable  devices.  this  is  the  scheme  followed  by  c.  finally,  there  exist  tasks  that  could  be  done  by  several  devices  at  the  same  time.  for  example,  the  data  can  be  visualized  by  the  players  wearable,  the  medical  staffs  tablet  and  the  mobile  computer  in  order  to  inform  all  potential
__label__environmentmonitoring beneficiaries  of  the  data.  shows  some  mockup  applications  and  a  scheme  of  the  information  provided  by  the  proposed  system  in  performing  advanced  monitoring  and  analysis  applications.  the  candidate  parameters  to  be  analyzed  for  each  player  and  for  each  football  match  are  cardiac  parameters,  number  of  minutes  played  during  the  match,  ambient  temperature,  ambient  humidity,  altitude  and  distance  covered  by  the  player.  all  these  parameters  serve  to  measure  the  degree  of  effort  of  each  player  during  the  football  matches  and  the  players  physical  exertion.  scheme  of  the  monitoring  application.  overall  environment  conditions  mockup  of  ecg  parameters  of  football  players.  the  experiments
__label__environmentmonitoring conducted  have  been  designed  for  the  application  described.  the  design  of  the  test  is  based  on  the  results  of  previous  research  works  ,  ,  ,  and  on  our  own  estimations.  in  addition,  recent  methods  that  propose  a  realtime  segmentation  and  feature  extraction  have  been  reviewed  in  order  to  get  an  improved  implementation  for  wearable  and  mobile  devices  ,  ,  ,  .  the  validation  of  these  methods  is  usually  produced  in  term  of  sensitivity  in  detecting  anomaly  behaviours.  however,  enhancing  the  detection  accuracy  is  not  the  main  focus  of  this  work.  rather,  we  strive  to  provide  a  flexible  approach  for  leveraging
__label__environmentmonitoring the  capabilities  of  modern  sensing  and  wearable  devices  in  computing  complex  applications.  shows  the  estimation  delay  cost  for  the  tasks  described  above.  this  performance  depends  on  the  input  data  sizes.  in  this  work,  we  consider  1  kb/s  the  size  of  data  acquired  from  a  standard  12lead  ecg  sensor  device.  the  computing  platforms  are  b  a  smartwatch  equipped  with  an  arm  a7  at  1.4  ghz  processor,  a  m  tablet  with  qualcomm  snapdragon  820  cpu  at  2.15  ghz,  and  a  m  portable  computer  with  an  intelr  coretm  i77660u  cpu  at  2.50  ghz  processor.  the  performance  ratio  between  these  devices  for  a  constant
__label__environmentmonitoring input  data  size  according  their  specifications  is  estimated  in:  1  for  smartwatch,  3.93  for  tablet  device  and  4.56  for  the  laptop.  that  is,  in  average,  the  m  is  3.93  times  faster,  and  the  m  is  4.56  times  faster  than  the  b  device,  respectively.  in  addition,  the  portable  computer  can  be  equipped  with  specialized  hardware  to  enhance  the  digital  signal  processing,  for  example,  the  computation  of  wavelet  transform  of  the  methods  involved  in  computing  the  t  task.  time  estimation  for  sd  detection  in  application  context  a.  t  t  t  t  t  units  in  seconds  s.  it  is  assumed  that  highest  possible
__label__environmentmonitoring heart  rate  is  around  220  beats  per  minute,  including  under  condition  of  intensive  sport  activity.  thus,  after  a  pulse  is  detected,  it  is  physiologically  impossible  for  another  beat  to  occur  before  0.27  s.  this  sets  a  time  constraint  of  0.27  s  for  anomaly  detection.  this  is  the  time  constraint  of  the  application  for  working  in  realtime  situations.  this  information  along  with  the  data  shown  in  the  previous  table  are  the  input  of  the  computational  framework.  the  design  of  the  dataflows  depicted  by  is  the  result  of  the  calibration  of  the  system  step  of  the  framework,  after  simulating  the  delay  cost
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  tasks  in  each  device  for  each  application  context.  other  input  information  can  drive  to  other  suitable  configurations  for  distributing  the  application.  to  properly  computing  in  realtime  the  healthcare  application  in  the  different  application  contexts,  the  workload  is  distributed  among  the  available  resources  around  the  mobile  environment.  unlike  other  proposals  for  conducting  the  ecg  analysis  offline  ,  or  inside  the  wearables  ,  ,  ,  or  even  in  the  cloud  ,  this  approach  allows  leveraging  the  available  infrastructure  and  perform  the  healthcare  monitoring  on  the  fly  for  a  variable  number  of  users.  shows  the  computing  cost  of  the  whole  application
__label__environmentmonitoring according  the  configured  scenarios  depicted  by  for  each  application  context.  this  data  represents  the  flexibility  of  the  framework  to  handle  an  increasing  workload  by  distributing  the  tasks  and  using  different  computing  platforms.  time  estimation  for  sd  detection  in  application  contexts  b  and  c.  b  c  d  b  c  d  t  t  t  t  t  the  computing  is  outsourced  to  the  portable  device;  units  in  seconds  s.  the  previous  tables  allow  to  draw  some  conclusions  on  how  the  framework  opens  computing  possibilities  to  handle  monitoring  applications  in  different  operation  contexts  and  verify  the  variable  use  of  resources  in  mobile  environments.  for
__label__environmentmonitoring training  monitoring  of  a  single  athlete  application  context  a,  as  shown  in  ,  all  the  devices  b  ,  m  and  m  can  provide  a  realtime  processing  of  the  healthcare  application.  it  is  the  classic  scheme  for  selfmonitoring.  in  a  training  session  where  a  group  of  athletes  must  be  monitored  for  healthcare  and/or  performance  in  sport  purposes  application  context  b,  the  wearable  devices  of  the  ban  cannot  provide  all  information  since  the  data  needs  to  be  centralized  and  be  compared  with  information  from  databases.  in  this  case,  the  computation  is  distributed  using  a  combination  of  devices  of  ban  and  devices  of
__label__environmentmonitoring medical  staff  and/or  sport  coach,  for  example  the  tablet  device.  in  this  case,  as  shown  in  ,  the  configurations  c,d  can  provide  the  results  in  time  for  all  the  players.  for  c,  with  just  the  m  device  the  data  from  all  athletes  can  be  provided.  finally,  in  a  football  match  with  26  onfield  athletes  application  context  c,  the  m  device  is  not  sufficient  to  give  enough  computing  power  and  the  only  configuration  to  supply  the  data  on  time  is  c.  other  data  sources  and  computing  devices  could  produce  different  performance  results,  and,  of  course,  more  hardware  resources  can  be  deployed
__label__environmentmonitoring in  order  to  provide  more  computing  power.  however,  the  main  idea  is  to  make  the  best  of  the  potential  of  things  for  healthcare  monitoring  and  distributing  the  processing  among  the  available  surrounding  devices.  not  only  in  sensing,  but  also,  in  computing  the  health  applications.  thus,  the  involvement  of  the  ban  devices  enhances  processing  performance  and  reduces  the  need  for  external  hardware,  thereby  leveraging  the  network  resources  more  effectively.  the  flexibility  provided  by  the  system  allows  it  to  be  run  on  heterogeneous  iot  environments  where  the  numbers  of  users  and  devices  are  changing.  for  single  users,  personal  trainers  and  amateurs,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring main  tasks  of  the  application  can  be  computed  both  by  external  resources  and  mobile  things.  the  described  case  application  is  a  simple  illustrative  example  where  the  infrastructure  can  be  insufficient  for  providing  the  necessary  computing  power.  in  other  scenarios,  with  thousands  of  users  i.e.,  a  marathon  dedicated  hardware  platforms  are  insufficient  for  processing  the  data.  in  these  cases,  the  presented  proposal  provides  a  solution  for  drastically  reducing  the  hardware  requirements  and  solving  complex  biomedical  applications  across  many  users  by  using  all  available  resources.  the  computing  requirements  for  monitoring  and  advanced  analysis  of  the  data  acquired  by  iot  environments  can  overcome
__label__environmentmonitoring the  capabilities  of  the  sensors  and  personal  computers  deployed  by  specialists.  additional  specialized  hardware  is  usually  required  to  meet  the  application  requirements.  in  this  work,  a  distributed  framework  that  combines  sensing  and  processing  at  different  levels  of  the  network  to  share  the  computing  load  among  the  available  devices  has  been  proposed  to  address  this  challenge.  the  iot  environments  composed  of  wearables  and  other  biosensors  may  benefit  of  it  by  allowing  the  processing  of  advanced  applications  with  realtime  constraints  in  a  collaborative  way.  the  main  advantages  and  novelties  of  the  proposed  system  is  the  flexibility  in  the  application  execution  by  using
__label__environmentmonitoring resources  from  different  available  devices.  in  this  way,  the  devices  of  ban  can  provide  shared  computing  resources  that  enables  realtime  monitoring  and  analysis  of  all  acquired  data.  the  health  monitoring  and  sd  detection  in  sport  is  a  good  scenario  where  the  proposed  system  demonstrates  its  capacity  for  handling  intensive  data  processing  applications.  in  this  case  study,  the  realtime  needs  for  cardiac  information  of  athletes  can  be  solved  by  applying  a  realtime  heart  telemetry  system  capable  of  collecting  the  main  cardiac  parameters.  then,  our  approach  broadcasting  alerts  when  any  of  those  parameters  exhibit  different  behavior  compared  to  normal  cardiac  activity  in
__label__environmentmonitoring situations  that  require  athletes  to  perform  under  physical  effort.  in  those  situations  where  cardiac  disorders  exist  and  the  cardiologist  team  has  only  a  few  seconds  to  make  the  right  decisions  to  provide  the  best  medical  care  for  the  athlete,  our  system  provides  them  with  precise  information  for  doing  that.  this  proposal  provides  two  main  research  contributions:  a  strategy  to  optimize  the  use  of  biomedical  sensors  and  computing  resources  to  deliver  advanced  applications  to  the  user,  and  the  design  of  a  distributed  computational  framework  that  uses  the  available  computing  capabilities  in  the  smart  devices  for  sharing  the  whole  processing  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring health  monitoring  applications.  the  framework  will  need  to  be  adjusted  when  used  in  real  situations.  it  appears  to  work  in  sports  but  it  would  be  necessary  to  test  this  in  a  real  situation.  the  technology  and  formalization  of  the  domain  knowledge  are  the  limitations  and  we  need  to  do  an  indepth  study  of  these  issues  for  future  work.  to  this  end,  we  have  already  established  contact  with  and  had  several  meetings  with  the  directors  of  sport  centres  and  gyms  who  are  interested  in  evaluating  of  our  framework.  this  proposal  can  be  applied  to  other  iot  scenarios,  especially  those  where  intensive
__label__environmentmonitoring data  acquisition  and  high  processing  needs  take  place.  further  work  must  be  invested  in  building  a  proper  predictive  model  and  exploit  the  offline  possibilities  of  processing  the  information  gathered.  in  this  way,  interesting  issues  come  from  analyzing  athletes  achievements,  movements  and  each  other  interactions.  this  could  be  made  by  computing  the  differences  between  current  and  stored  athlete  profile,  as  well  as  making  the  classifier  that  detects  dangerous  patterns.  this  work  has  been  partially  funded  by  the  spanish  ministry  of  economy  and  competitiveness  mineco/feder  under  the  granted  project  sequoiaua  management  requirements  and  methodology  for  big  data  analytics  tin201563502c33r,  by  the  university
__label__environmentmonitoring of  alicante,  within  the  program  of  support  for  research,  under  project  gre1410,  and  by  the  conselleria  de  educacin,  investigacin,  cultura  y  deporte,  comunidad  valenciana,  spain,  within  the  program  of  support  for  research,  under  project  gv/2016/087.  this  work  has  also  been  partially  funded  by  vicerrectorado  de  innovacin,  university  of  alicante,  spain  vigrob.  all  authors  were  involved  in  the  foundation  items.  all  authors  wrote  the  paper  and  read  and  approved  the  final  manuscript.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring indexed  in  science  citation  index  expanded  to  receive  news  and  publication  updates  for  security  and  communication  networks,  enter  your  email  address  in  the  box  below.  school  of  electrical  engineering,  minhaj  university,  lahore,  pakistan  department  of  information  security  and  communication  technology,  norwegian  university  of  science  and  technology  ntnu,  trondheim,  norway  correspondence  should  be  addressed  to  ;  received  31  january  2019;  revised  20  may  2019;  accepted  29  may  2019;  published  3  july  2019  guest  editor:  jose  m.  alcarazcalero  copyright  2019  zeeshan  ali  khan  and  peter  herrmann.  this  is  an  open  access  article  distributed  under  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  many  internet  of  things  iot  systems  run  on  tiny  connected  devices  that  have  to  deal  with  severe  processor  and  energy  restrictions.  often,  the  limited  processing  resources  do  not  allow  the  use  of  standard  security  mechanisms  on  the  nodes,  making  iot  applications  quite  vulnerable  to  different  types  of  attacks.  this  holds  particularly  for  intrusion  detection  systems  ids  that  are  usually  too  resourceheavy  to  be  handled  by  small  iot  devices.  thus,  many  iot  systems  are  not  sufficiently  protected  against  typical  network  attacks  like  denialofservice  dos  and  routing  attacks.  on  the  other
__label__environmentmonitoring side,  idss  have  already  been  successfully  used  in  adjacent  network  types  like  mobile  ad  hoc  networks  manet,  wireless  sensor  networks  wsn,  and  cyberphysical  systems  cps  which,  in  part,  face  limitations  similar  to  those  of  iot  applications.  moreover,  there  is  research  work  ongoing  that  promises  idss  that  may  better  fit  to  the  limitations  of  iot  devices.  in  this  article,  we  will  give  an  overview  about  idss  suited  for  iot  networks.  besides  looking  on  approaches  developed  particularly  for  iot,  we  introduce  also  work  for  the  three  similar  network  types  mentioned  above  and  discuss  if  they  are  also  suitable  for  iot  systems.  in
__label__environmentmonitoring addition,  we  present  some  suggestions  for  future  research  work  that  could  be  useful  to  make  iot  networks  more  secure.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  an  emerging  technology  used  in  various  fields  of  application  like  healthcare,  transport,  and  smart  grid.  iot  to  improve  the  readability,  we  list  in  table  the  abbreviations  used  in  our  article  applications  often  make  a  difference  since  they  comprise  very  small  devices  that  can,  e.g.,  be  worn  on  the  skin  or  attached  to  domestic  appliances.  the  tininess  of  the  devices  and  the  fact  that,  to  be  mobile,  they  often  have  to  rely  on  light  batteries,  however,
__label__environmentmonitoring limit  their  processing  capabilities  and  restrict  their  energy  supply.  this  makes  traditional  security  mechanisms  too  heavyweight  to  be  efficiently  applied  on  such  systems.  in  consequence,  the  devices  are  used  without  sufficient  protection  such  that  they  can  either  be  attacked  directly  or  utilized  by  attackers  to  launch  attacks  on  third  parties.  for  instance,  multiple  iot  devices  were  used  to  start  a  distributed  denialofservice  ddos  attack  on  an  american  internet  services  company  that  made  it  impossible  for  many  customers  to  access  certain  internet  services;  see  nordrum  .  cases  like  this  reveal  that  there  is  an  urgent  need  to  build  secure  solutions  that
__label__environmentmonitoring are  suitable  for  iot  devices.  in  general,  security  of  iot  networks  is  a  relatively  new  research  area  that,  however,  can  profit  from  related  research  carried  out  for  similar  networks  like  mobile  ad  hoc  networks  manet,  wireless  sensor  networks  wsn,  and  cyberphysical  systems  cps.  at  least  some  of  the  findings  in  these  areas  seem  to  be  promising  also  for  the  development  of  protection  mechanisms  for  iot  networks.  table  1:  intrusion  detection  systems  idss  are  an  important  countermeasure  against  many  types  of  network  attacks.  most  existing  idss,  however,  require  a  significant  amount  of  resources  aggravating  their  usability  on  small  iot  devices.  thus,
__label__environmentmonitoring there  is  a  demand  for  special  ids  solutions  that  are  lightweight  but,  nevertheless,  give  a  high  degree  of  protection.  in  this  paper,  we  give  a  survey  of  existing  ids  approaches  that  are  suited  for  iot  networks.  since  only  relatively  few  idss  for  iot  systems  have,  yet,  been  developed,  we  further  extend  our  overview  on  idss  proposed  for  wsns,  manets,  and  cpss  that  have  properties  similar  to  iot  applications.  the  article  is  structured  as  follows.  first,  we  sketch  some  relevant  aspects  of  security  issues  for  iot  networks  in  section  .  thereafter,  in  section  we  give  an  introduction  to  idss  including  a
__label__environmentmonitoring scheme  to  characterize  their  properties  that  was  developed  by  anantvalee  and  wu  .  these  characteristics  can  then  be  used  to  distinguish  the  presented  ids  approaches  and  evaluate  if  they  are  appropriate  for  iot  networks.  this  is  discussed  in  section  .  thereafter,  we  introduce  ids  approaches  for  wsns,  manets,  and  cpss  in  section  and  discuss  whether  and  how  the  solutions  for  these  akin  network  types  can  be  adapted  to  iot  systems.  this  is  followed  by  the  introduction  of  the  ids  approaches  particularly  developed  for  iot  networks  in  section  .  finally,  we  present  two  suggestions  for  interesting  research  areas  in  section  followed
__label__environmentmonitoring by  a  conclusion.  this  article  is  significantly  different  to  others  already  published:  as  mentioned  above,  important  properties  of  iot  systems  are  the  limited  processing  and  energy  resources  of  their  nodes.  that  is  based  on  the  fact  that  many  iot  devices  shall  be  directly  worn  by  people.  this  holds  particularly  for  iot  systems  used  in  healthcare  and  ambient  assisted  living  that  are  seen  as  major  fields  of  application  for  the  technology.  in  consequence,  it  is  often  difficult  to  use  wellknown  protection  technology  to  safeguard  iot  devices.  for  instance,  encryption  tends  to  be  processingintensive  making  it  difficult  to  encrypt  and  sign  data
__label__environmentmonitoring to  be  transmitted  via  an  iot  network.  thus,  encryption  is  often  omitted  making  the  wireless  communication  vulnerable  against  attacks;  see  ngu  et  al.  .  another  characteristic  of  these  systems  is  their  openness  and  flexibility.  the  devices  are  often  placed  in  physically  unsecured  areas  such  that  they  can  be  easily  accessed  by  attackers.  moreover,  they  use  decentralized  wireless  communication  making  it  easy  to  connect  with  them  from  the  outside.  in  addition,  many  iot  applications  need  to  be  highly  flexible  in  accepting  new  devices  for  further  temporary  or  permanent  usage.  all  this  makes  it  relatively  simple  for  attackers  to  add  malicious  behavior
__label__environmentmonitoring to  the  system.  as  discussed  in  roosta  et  al.  ,  utilizing  these  vulnerabilities,  various  kinds  of  physical  tampering  as  well  as  network  attacks  can  be  launched.  while  some  attacks  compromise  only  few  iot  nodes,  others  can  be  massive  and  bring  down  whole  networks.  further,  due  to  the  required  flexibility  and  the  heterogeneous  nature  of  the  devices,  it  is  often  challenging  to  develop  correctly  working,  robust,  and  secure  solutions.  for  example,  the  heterogeneity  of  the  devices  makes  it  difficult  to  embed  them  on  wellunderstood  infrastructures  such  that  important  functions  like  network  access,  routing,  or  encryption  have  to  be  built  up  from
__label__environmentmonitoring scratch.  in  addition,  the  developer  of  an  iot  network  has  also  to  consider  the  varying  physical  infrastructure.  for  instance,  a  patient  may  be  riding  in  a  car  or  train  operating  in  a  tunnel  or  in  remote  areas  without  cellular  network  access;  see  balandina  et  al.  .  therefore,  bandwidth  and  throughput  of  such  networks  need  to  be  carefully  utilized  without  draining  the  scarce  battery  resources  of  a  device  by  too  many  transmissions.  in  spite  of  these  limitations,  iot  systems  in  healthcare  have  to  be  extremely  robust  and  secure  to  avoid  medical  malpractice  of  their  users.  all  these  factors  must  be  considered
__label__environmentmonitoring while  designing,  engineering,  and  deploying  an  iot  network.  for  all  these  reasons,  iot  devices  are  subject  to  various  kinds  of  malicious  attacks.  typical  attacks  based  on  physical  access  are  the  replacement  of  nodes  or  their  batteries  as  well  as  the  reprogramming  of  nodes;  see  mohammadi  and  jadidoleslamy  .  with  respect  to  network  attacks,  we  can  distinguish  between  active  and  passive  attacks;  see  khan  and  loo  .  passive  attacks  only  extract  the  vital  information  from  the  network  without  harming  its  integrity.  in  contrast,  active  attacks  assail  the  communication  of  network  nodes  by  tempering,  dropping  or  misdirecting  the  data  packets.  an  active
__label__environmentmonitoring attack  can  easily  influence  a  large  number  of  iot  devices  since  a  network  often  consists  of  peripherally  deployed  units  that  cooperate  with  each  other  based  on  multihop  communication.  a  wellknown  example  is  denialofservice  dos  attacks  that  try  to  disable  the  nodes  from  providing  their  tasks.  another  active  type  of  attack  is  radio  jamming  in  which  the  communication  is  spoiled  by  the  introduction  of  noise  or  faulty  packets.  a  type  of  attack  special  to  iot  systems  with  weak  devices  is  battery  exhaustion  attacks.  for  instance,  a  device  is  kept  busy  by  leading  it  to  send  or  receive  data  unnecessarily  in  order
__label__environmentmonitoring to  drain  its  battery  power  faster.  alternatively,  one  can  attack  the  network  layer  that  is  responsible  for  sending  the  packet  towards  its  destination  using  an  appropriate  route;  see  popescu  et  al.  .  in  most  iot  devices,  the  protocol  mechanisms  of  the  network  layer  are  not  protected  such  that  software  changes  causing  packet  dropping  and  the  misdirection  of  packets  are  possible.  the  typical  countermeasure  against  all  these  types  of  attack  is  intrusion  detection  systems  idss  that  are  introduced  in  the  following.  the  ids  is  a  wellknown  technique  to  protect  networks  against  attacks  as  those  named  above.  it  is  often  seen  as
__label__environmentmonitoring a  solution  for  the  second  line  of  defense  when  attacks  cannot  be  detected  by  other  security  mechanisms  like  encryption  or  access  control;  see  djenouri  et  al.  .  the  task  of  an  ids  is  to  detect  unusual  activities  that  potentially  indicate  ongoing  attacks.  to  rate  the  idss  presented  in  this  paper,  we  use,  in  adapted  form,  the  classification  scheme  from  anantvalee  and  wu  that  is  depicted  in  figure  .  thus,  we  consider  the  six  criteria  decision  quality  ,  responses  on  attacks  ,  attacker  type  ,  type  of  attack  ,  detection  technique  ,  and  implementation  strategy  .  the  first  five  are  discussed
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  following  subsections.  since  the  selected  implementation  strategy  of  an  ids  is  very  important  for  its  usability  for  iot  networks,  we  look  more  indepth  on  this  criterion.  this  is  done  in  section  .  figure  1:  important  for  the  quality  of  an  ids  is,  of  course,  whether  it  detects  all  occurring  attacks.  moreover,  the  ids  should  report  only  actual  attacks  but  not  behavior  that  is  benevolent  but  was  misinterpreted  as  an  attack.  particularly,  the  ratio  between  alerts  given  by  an  ids  and  the  actual  appearance  of  attacks  is  relevant  to  evaluate  the  decision  quality.  in  this  context,  the  following  terms
__label__environmentmonitoring are  used;  see  patcha  and  park  :  according  to  zhang  et  al.  ,  an  ids  should  have  a  low  false  positive  rate,  calculated  as  the  percentage  of  normalcy  variations  detected  as  anomalies,  and  high  true  positive  rate,  calculated  as  the  percentage  of  anomalies  detected.  thus,  it  should  have  a  minimum  number  of  false  positives  and  negatives.  moreover,  an  ids  should  have  low  overhead  and  not  degrade  the  system  performance  which  is  particularly  relevant  for  the  use  in  iot  networks.  further,  it  should  not  add  new  vulnerabilities.  in  its  pure  form,  an  ids  is  not  intended  to  antagonize  attacks  by  itself
__label__environmentmonitoring but  it  shall  only  alert  the  network  operators  about  ongoing  attacks  such  that  these  can  decide  about  taking  precautions  and  countermeasures.  an  ids  comprises  three  main  components:  most  systems  used  in  practice  are  such  idss  without  autonomous  correction  capabilities  but  two  variants  that  can  intervene  themselves  exist  as  well;  see  fuchsberger  :  the  absence  of  reacting  automatically  on  false  positives  is  the  main  reason  that  pure  idss  are  much  more  often  used  in  practice  than  ipss  and  imss.  indeed,  all  approaches,  discussed  in  this  article,  are  idss  without  the  ability  to  correct  autonomously.  like  other  network  types,  an  iot  system
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  threatened  by  both,  attackers  controlling  one  or  more  network  nodes  and  those  from  the  environment  that  do  not  have  control  over  network  devices.  thus,  we  define  the  following  attacker  types:  one  can  distinguish  whether  an  ids  is  suited  to  detect  attacks  launched  from  only  external  attackers,  internal  ones,  or  both  types.  there  are  several  kinds  of  attacks  to  be  used  against  networks.  with  respect  to  the  special  properties  of  iot  networks,  we  see  the  following  types  of  attack:  routing  protocol  for  low  power  and  lossy  networks  the  types  of  attack  introduced  above  are  particular  to  iot  networks  with
__label__environmentmonitoring resourceconstrained  nodes.  in  addition,  these  systems  are  also  subject  to  more  standard  types  of  network  attacks  that  have  to  be  addressed  by  idss,  too.  in  the  following,  we  name  those  more  general  attack  types:  hello  another  group  of  attacks  can  apply  to  trust  management  systems  that  are  used  to  rate  the  behavior  of  nodes  in  a  network.  a  trust  management  system  provides  a  computer  system  with  mechanisms  reflecting  the  natural  trust  and  reputation  gaining  process  of  humans;  see,  e.g.,  khare  and  rifkin  .  in  particular,  it  allows  us  to  describe  the  trust  in  an  entity  by  a  special  trust  value;
__label__environmentmonitoring see  jsang  .  using  certain  metrics,  these  trust  values  are  computed  from  the  numbers  of  positive  and  negative  experiences  the  system  has  with  a  trustee.  moreover,  the  trust  values  of  several  trusters  in  the  same  trustee  can  be  aggregated  such  that  one  can  rate  the  general  reputation  of  this  trustee.  in  iot  networks,  one  can  build  reputations  of  nodes  depending  on  observations  of  their  behavior  by  neighboring  nodes.  if  a  node  proves  to  be  distrustful,  it  can  be  quarantined;  see  khan  and  herrmann  .  further,  one  can  use  the  reputation  of  a  node  for  routing  decisions.  trust  management  systems,  however,
__label__environmentmonitoring are  themselves  vulnerable  to  certain  attacks:  idss  use  signatures,  anomalies,  and  hybrids  between  both  of  them  as  the  main  techniques  to  detect  attacks.  these  three  techniques  will  be  introduced  in  the  following.  systems  following  this  strategy  are  also  known  as  rulebased  idss.  a  signature  refers  to  system  and  network  behavior  that  typically  occurs  when  attacks  of  a  certain  kind  are  launched.  a  signaturebased  ids  keeps  databases  of  these  signatures  and  constantly  checks  the  actual  network  behavior  for  compliance  with  them.  if  the  observed  behavior  fits  with  one  or  more  signatures,  the  ids  raises  an  alarm.  signaturebased  idss  have  often  excellent
__label__environmentmonitoring false  positive  rates  but  are  not  able  to  detect  novel  types  of  attack  for  which  they  do  not  have  signatures  ready.  therefore,  they  tend  to  be  subject  to  a  large  number  of  false  negatives.  in  order  to  implement  this  technique,  profiles  of  known  attacks  are  generated  from  which  the  signatures  are  formed.  an  example  of  a  signature  could  be:  if  there  are  10  or  more  unsuccessful  tries  to  login  within  2  minutes,  a  brute  force  unauthorized  access  attack  is  on  its  way.  da  silva  et  al.  define  a  number  of  rules  that  are  typical  for  signatures:  to  detect  also  version
__label__environmentmonitoring number  attacks  one  can  add  the  following  rule  type:  these  idss  use  a  set  of  rules  to  detect  anomalies  in  the  network  behavior  based  on  heuristic  techniques.  often,  thresholds  for  certain  behavioral  patterns  are  used  to  define  whether  the  activity  is  an  intrusion  or  not.  in  this  way,  a  system  can  recognize  not  already  known  attacks.  on  the  other  side,  these  idss  tend  to  produce  a  relatively  high  rate  of  false  positives  since,  e.g.,  a  threshold  can  also  be  exceeded  for  other  reasons  that  do  not  result  from  malicious  attacks.  in  addition,  it  is  often  difficult  to  frame  a  useful
__label__environmentmonitoring heuristic  such  that  sometimes  even  wellknown  attacks  can  be  hardly  detected.  this  type  of  ids  combines  the  signature  and  anomalybased  approaches.  a  hybrid  ids  uses  two  modules,  one  that  detects  attacks  based  on  signatures  while  the  other  one  finds  anomalies  from  the  normal  network  behavior  profile.  a  hybrid  ids  has  a  lower  number  of  false  positives  and  negatives  compared  to  the  singular  approaches,  but  requires  significantly  higher  computational  resources  since  both  modules  have  to  run  in  parallel.  an  ids  may  reside  in  a  single  node  from  which  the  network  traffic  is  observed  or  distributed  over  several  nodes.  since  iot  applications
__label__environmentmonitoring are  inherently  distributed,  standalone  solutions  in  which  an  ids  resides  in  a  local  node  and  protects  just  this  node  are  a  bad  fit.  as  a  centralized  solution,  we  name  an  ids  that  is  implemented  on  a  single  node  but  watches  also  other  ones  and  makes  its  decisions  based  on  the  locally  observed  behavior.  also  this  layout  does  not  seem  suited  for  iot  networks  consisting  of  many  nodes  since  the  ids  is  quite  processorintensive  such  that  the  node  executing  it  would  be  strained.  not  surprisingly,  we  did  not  find  any  solutions  using  these  technologies  for  the  network  types  discussed  in  this
__label__environmentmonitoring paper.  in  consequence,  all  implementation  strategies  discussed  below  are  distributed.  altogether,  the  idss  used  for  wsns,  manets,  cpss,  and  iot  networks  follow  nine  different  implementation  strategies  listed  in  table  .  these  strategies  are  not  completely  orthogonal.  for  instance,  the  mentioned  votingbased  idss  and  reputationbased  idss  are  special  forms  of  distributed  and  collaborative  idss  that,  however,  use  particular  methods  to  evaluate  network  behavior.  also  the  statistical  detectionbased  idss  and  machine  learningbased  idss  are  related.  garciateodoro  et  al.  distinguishes  three  main  techniques  allowing  an  anomalybased  ids  to  detect  the  anomalies  in  the  system.  two  are  the  statistical  and  the  machine  learningbased  idss.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  third  one  is  knowledgebased  idss.  in  this  type  of  system,  the  differences  with  respect  to  network  data  and  behavior  are  learned  for  normal  as  well  as  for  attack  conditions.  such  an  ids  can  be  implemented  using  various  techniques  from  artificial  intelligence  ai  including  expert  systems,  finite  state  machines,  or  data  clustering  and  outlier  detection.  since  these  ai  methods  tend  to  be  highly  processorintensive,  this  strategy  seems  to  be  unsuited  for  iot  networks  with  their  vast  number  of  small  and  resourcerestricted  devices.  we  did  not  find  any  knowledgebased  strategies  for  monitoring  the  four  network  types.  table  2:  analyzing  the  various
__label__environmentmonitoring idss,  we  found  out  that  the  type  of  nodes  typically  used  in  an  iot  network  plays  an  important  role  for  deciding  about  the  suitability  of  an  approach.  some  idss  will  only  work  in  networks  consisting  of  a  mix  of  resource  limited  and  more  powerful  nodes  since  the  latter  can  take  the  more  complex  and  resourceconstraining  system  tasks.  other  techniques  seem  to  work  well  also  in  a  network  consisting  only  of  performancerestricted  nodes.  in  table  ,  we  give  an  overview  about  how  we  rate  the  suitability  of  the  different  implementation  strategies  with  respect  to  the  energy  consumption,  the  processor  requirements,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring accuracy  of  the  methods,  and  the  possibility  of  implementing  the  idss  on  iots  with  many  resourceconstrained  nodes.  the  two  configuration  types,  i.e.,  iot  networks  with  or  without  powerful  nodes,  are  separated  with  respect  to  the  processor  requirements.  in  the  table,  we  use  letters  from  a  to  f  as  applied  for  grading  in  schools  and  universities  in  the  us  and  other  countries.  the  letter  a  gives  the  best  rating  while  f  is  the  worst.  in  the  following,  we  introduce  the  nine  implementation  strategies  to  greater  detail.  further,  we  elaborate  their  impact  on  energy  and  processing  resources.  this  determines  whether  idss  using
__label__environmentmonitoring a  certain  strategy  have  the  potential  to  be  a  good  fit  for  iot  networks.  the  network  is  partitioned  into  clusters.  here,  nodes  that  are  close  to  each  other  usually  belong  to  the  same  cluster.  each  cluster  is  assigned  a  leader,  the  socalled  cluster  head  ch,  that  monitors  the  member  nodes  and  participates  in  networkwide  analyses.  the  formation  of  the  clusters  is  often  a  highly  interactive  process  that  requires  a  fair  amount  of  communication  between  the  nodes  and  is  therefore  energyintensive.  after  completing  the  cluster  building,  however,  most  of  the  coordination  necessary  to  find  signatures  or  anomalies  is  performed  within  the
__label__environmentmonitoring clusters.  therefore,  the  resources  to  monitor  a  cluster  and  to  process  the  observed  results  tend  to  be  manageable  and  will  likely  not  exceed  the  processor,  storage,  and  energy  restrictions  of  typical  iot  nodes.  in  addition,  energy  is  saved  due  to  the  smaller  number  of  messages  to  be  exchanged.  on  the  other  side,  in  spite  of  the  fact  that  most  of  the  communication  takes  place  within  the  clusters,  a  ch  often  has  to  relay  data  between  members  of  its  cluster  and  other  chs.  this  additional  communication  can  strain  the  resources  of  a  ch.  altogether,  using  this  strategy  for  iot  networks  consisting
__label__environmentmonitoring just  of  energy  and  processingrestricted  nodes  will  be  problematic  as  those  acting  as  chs  will  probably  be  significantly  strained  over  time.  nevertheless,  hierarchical  idss  seem  to  fit  well  for  iot  systems  that  contain  some  more  powerful  nodes  since  these  can  then  take  the  role  of  the  chs.  here,  an  ids  is  implemented  on  several  nodes  that  observe  separate  aspects  of  a  system.  the  locally  observed  data  are  then  shared  between  the  different  nodes,  which  make  a  collaborative  decision  whether  the  network  behavior  should  be  rated  as  malicious.  this  solution  is  promising  for  iot  systems  without  strong  devices  since  signatures  or
__label__environmentmonitoring anomalies  are  detected  by  several  collaborating  nodes.  thus,  the  processing  effort  is  spread  over  several  devices  such  that  the  stress  for  each  one  is  reduced.  on  the  other  side,  the  coordination  between  the  nodes  requires  a  lot  of  data  exchange  which  tends  to  consume  energy.  in  this  variant  of  distributed  and  collaborative  idss,  the  decision  about  evaluating  the  current  behavior  as  an  intrusion  is  made  collaboratively  based  on  a  ballot  of  the  distributed  components.  this  type  of  scheme  is  lightweight  in  nature  and  friendly  for  the  processor  and  battery  of  a  node.  thus,  it  seems  suited  for  typical  iot  systems.
__label__environmentmonitoring however  due  to  its  simplistic  nature,  the  rate  of  false  negatives,  i.e.,  not  detected  attacks,  can  be  quite  large.  that  is  another  variant  of  the  distributed  and  collaborative  idss,  in  which  the  benevolence  of  nodes  is  rated  based  on  their  previous  behavior.  thus,  each  node  has  a  reputation  that  can  be  modeled  and  calculated  using  trust  management  mechanisms  as  described  in  section  .  in  general,  the  trust  values  do  not  need  a  lot  of  storage,  and  the  metrics  for  trust  value  computation  and  aggregation  consist  of  relatively  simple  calculations  that  are  processorfriendly.  this  makes  the  approach  suited  for  iot  devices.
__label__environmentmonitoring a  problem,  however,  is  the  way  nodes  observe  their  neighbors.  for  that,  they  often  have  not  only  to  listen  to  their  own  network  traffic  but  also  to  those  of  the  observed  nodes.  that  leads  to  long  channel  listening  times  which  may  drain  the  battery  of  the  unit  faster.  this  aspect  is  taken  up  in  the  suggestion  for  future  research  directions  discussed  in  section  .  another  issue  is  the  exchange  of  trust  values  to  compute  a  general  reputation  but,  thanks  to  their  compactness,  that  is  less  problematic.  like  other  distributed  and  collaborative  idss,  this  method  seems  to  be  a  good  fit
__label__environmentmonitoring to  iot  networks  thanks  to  the  simple  computation  and  storage  mechanisms  used  but  the  potentially  significant  communication  effort  can  be  an  impeding  factor.  each  of  the  implementation  strategies  mentioned  above  operates  on  a  single  layer  of  the  osi  stack  and  detects  attacks  on  this  layer  only.  in  contrast,  a  cross  layer  ids  observes  different  layers.  critical  information  is  exchanged  between  the  layers,  and  the  decision  about  intrusions  is  made  based  on  the  synthesized  observations.  the  advantage  of  this  method  is  a  good  decision  quality.  realizing  this  strategy,  however,  demands  to  process  data  on  several  layers  as  well  as  a  large
__label__environmentmonitoring amount  of  coordination  between  different  nodes  that  has  to  cover  all  observed  layers.  therefore,  this  technique  tends  to  require  a  lot  of  energy  and  computational  resources.  thus,  this  approach  seems  to  be  less  suited  to  iot  networks  with  the  processor  and  battery  restrictions  of  their  nodes.  the  ids  is  realized  as  a  mobile  agent  that  may  relocate  itself  between  the  nodes  of  the  network.  in  the  various  positions,  the  agent  may  conduct  the  observations  necessary  to  decide  about  the  presence  of  attacks.  this  technology  mainly  used  for  manets  reduces  the  communication  costs  between  nodes.  on  the  other  side,  it  requires
__label__environmentmonitoring lengthy  transfers  of  the  agent  code  and  data  which  will  drain  battery  power.  moreover,  there  can  be  significant  congestions  between  the  network  coordinator  and  the  agent  node.  the  processing  power  of  a  node  is  unevenly  strained  by  this  mechanism  since  the  node  only  carries  out  idsrelated  computations  when  it  bears  the  agent  while  all  other  nodes  cannot  contribute  to  the  intrusion  detection  process.  this  can  be  a  problem  when  nodes  with  weak  processors  slow  down  the  overall  analysis  process.  finally,  it  can  be  quite  problematic  to  realize  the  complex  agenthandling  functionality  on  devices  with  limited  apis.  in  consequence,  this  strategy
__label__environmentmonitoring does  not  seem  to  be  a  good  fit  for  iot  networks  with  many  restricted  devices.  in  this  strategy,  an  ids  is  realized  using  mathematical  models  of  conflict  and  cooperation  known  from  game  theory;  see  myerson  .  the  eligibility  of  this  method  for  iot  systems  is  hard  to  predict  since  the  processor  and  energy  load  depends  heavily  on  the  games  used.  if  one  applies  games  that  only  strain  few  devices  in  the  network,  it  may  be  a  fit  for  iot  networks  with  some  more  powerful  devices.  a  more  general  problem  is  that  game  theorybased  systems  tend  to  be  interactive  since  the
__label__environmentmonitoring network  administrators  need  to  adjust  the  detection  rate  from  time  to  time.  this  makes  them  highly  personalintensive  and  therefore  expensive.  this  is  one  of  the  three  strategies  mentioned  above,  where  garciateodoro  et  al.  suggest  to  use  for  anomalybased  idss.  it  comprises  the  generation  of  a  stochastic  profile  for  the  traffic  to  be  observed.  thereafter  the  network  is  monitored  and  the  real  traffic  is  compared  with  the  reference  profile.  the  ids  flags  an  anomaly  if  the  behavior  exceeds  a  certain  threshold  in  comparison  with  the  pattern.  the  statistic  models  can  be  univariate,  multivariate,  and  time  series  models.  the  strategy  includes  the
__label__environmentmonitoring handling  of  large  amounts  of  data  which,  however,  requires  strong  processors  and  good  storage  abilities.  in  addition,  the  statistical  computation  tends  to  be  computational  intensive.  since  the  computations  are  usually  done  centrally,  statistical  detection,  yet,  can  be  applied  when  an  iot  system  uses  some  more  powerful  components  like  a  border  router.  this  device  can  then  keep  the  information,  compute  it  based  on  the  detection  model  to  be  used,  and,  if  necessary,  forward  relevant  data  from  time  to  time  to  the  other  stations.  like  the  hierarchical  idss,  this  strategy  seems  only  to  fit  to  iot  networks  that  include  a  fair  number
__label__environmentmonitoring of  powerful  nodes.  this  is  another  strategy  suggested  by  garciateodoro  et  al.  to  categorize  anomalybased  idss.  in  such  an  ids,  a  model  of  the  analyzed  patterns  is  generated.  these  models  are  constantly  updated  to  increase  the  detection  rate  of  the  ids.  machine  learning  can  be  realized  by  various  techniques  such  as  bayesian  networks,  markov  models,  fuzzy  logic,  genetic  algorithms,  neural  networks,  and  principal  component  analysis.  since  machine  learning  uses  processingintensive  algorithms,  the  same  issues  as  for  statistical  detection  will  apply  and  the  method  seems  to  suit  only  iot  networks  with  a  fair  amount  of  powerful  nodes.  as  discussed  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring introduction,  we  will  not  only  look  on  idss  particularly  developed  for  iot  networks  but  also  look  on  those  protecting  adjacent  network  types.  in  this  respect,  we  see  wsns,  manets,  and  cpss  as  worthwhile  since  they  have  properties  that,  in  part,  resemble  those  of  iot  networks.  these  three  network  types  can  be  described  as  follows  see  also  mitchell  and  chen  :  altogether,  the  three  mentioned  networks  have  properties  that  are  quite  close  to  those  of  iot  systems  such  that  the  conversion  of  idss  developed  for  them  to  iot  networks  seems  promising.  however,  there  are  some  significant  differences  that  may  aggravate  this
__label__environmentmonitoring conversion:  keeping  these  differences  in  mind,  we  look  in  the  following  subsections  for  particular  ids  solutions  for  wsns,  manets,  and  cpss.  the  idss  for  wireless  sensor  networks  are  realized  using  altogether  seven  of  the  nine  implementation  strategies  introduced  in  section  .  in  each  of  the  following  subsections,  we  list  all  approaches  realizing  a  certain  strategy.  further,  we  discuss  if  our  expectations  about  the  suitability  of  the  implementation  strategies  for  iot  networks  are  met  by  the  actual  ids  realizations.  to  keep  track  of  the  various  approaches,  we  also  sketch  them  together  with  their  most  relevant  properties  in  table  .  there,  we
__label__environmentmonitoring also  mark  if  an  ids  approach  seems  to  be  suitable  for  being  used  for  iot  networks.  table  3:  in  shin  et  al.  ,  the  authors  propose  a  onehop  clustering  mechanism  for  intrusion  detection.  the  target  application  for  the  proposed  solution  is  industrial  applications.  similarly,  chen  et  al.  talk  about  an  energyefficient  way  for  intrusion  detection  in  wsns  using  an  isolation  table.  in  their  solution,  two  levels  of  clustering  are  proposed  to  detect  intrusions  in  a  performanceeffective  way.  when  the  leader  of  a  lower  level  detects  an  intrusion  in  a  subcluster,  it  forwards  the  according  message  to  the  leader  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring higher  level  who  forwards  it  to  the  base  station.  while  this  approach  is  performanceeffective,  since  a  leader  has  to  observe  smaller  subclusters,  the  problem  of  hierarchical  idss  that  a  malicious  leader  may  not  pass  an  alert  to  the  sink  is  not  solved  here.  in  strikos  ,  the  author  proposes  a  method  to  place  intruder  detectors  to  strategic  positions  of  the  network  such  that  the  whole  network  is  covered.  however,  no  simulation  or  experimental  results  proving  his  claims  are  provided.  rajasegarar  et  al.  discuss  an  anomaly  detection  algorithm  for  a  clustered  wsn  that  minimizes  the  communication  overhead.  the  proposed  scheme  is
__label__environmentmonitoring evaluated  using  a  realworld  project.  eik  loo  et  al.  present  a  clustered  ids  for  wsns  that  differentiates  between  normal  and  abnormal  traffic  using  a  normal  traffic  model.  thus,  it  is  able  to  detect  route  errors  and  sinkhole  attacks.  another  approach  distinguishing  between  normal  and  abnormal  behavior  is  introduced  in  mamun  and  kabir  .  it  comprises  a  hybrid  ids  for  wsns  that  are  divided  into  hexagonal  regions  each  having  a  cluster  head.  the  attack  signatures  are  propagated  from  the  base  station  towards  the  leaf  nodes  and  the  mechanism  has  predefined  specifications  for  normal  and  abnormal  behavior.  the  anomaly  detection  is  done
__label__environmentmonitoring by  measuring  deviations  from  the  predefined  specifications.  a  signaturebased  ids  is  presented  in  jadidoleslamy  .  it  is  distributed  and  hierarchical  making  the  detection  of  both  active  and  passive  responsebased  attacks  possible.  guerroumi  et  al.  propose  an  intrusion  detection  system  against  sinkhole  attacks  on  idss  with  mobile  sinks.  the  scheme  is  implemented  in  a  hierarchical  topology  using  attack  signatures.  evaluating  these  approaches  confirms  our  prediction  about  hierarchical  idss  made  in  section  .  they  seem  to  be  a  good  fit  also  for  iot  networks  since  each  cluster  consists  of  a  limited  number  of  nodes.  nevertheless,  it  is  good  if  an  iot  network
__label__environmentmonitoring also  contains  stronger  nodes  that  can  take  the  role  of  the  chs.  in  ioannis  et  al.  ,  a  collaborative  watching  scheme  is  used  for  a  distributed  ids  implementation,  in  order  to  detect  selective  forwarding  attacks.  krontiris  et  al.  present  an  ids,  which  applies  nodes  equipped  with  a  local  detector  that  triggers  suspicions  about  a  neighbor.  moreover,  the  nodes  collaborate  to  evaluate  suspicions  in  order  to  detect  whether  a  node  in  question  is,  indeed,  an  attacker.  similarly,  da  silva  et  al.  discuss  a  specificationbased  ids  that  uses  a  decentralized  detection  process.  in  this  algorithm,  the  collection  of  a  data  unit  and
__label__environmentmonitoring its  processing  is  performed  in  a  distributed  manner  to  make  the  ids  scalable  and  robust.  as  predicted  in  section  ,  these  idss  seem  to  fit  generally  well  to  iot  networks  while  the  extended  data  exchange  necessary  for  coordination  may  have  an  impact  on  the  energy  resources.  wang  et  al.  propose  an  ids  that  uses  the  idea  of  marking  the  exchanged  packets  while  heuristic  ranking  algorithms  identify  malicious  nodes  in  the  network.  when  the  sink  receives  a  marked  packet,  it  can  compute  the  average  dropping  ratio  for  each  node.  if  this  ratio  exceeds  a  threshold,  the  node  is  declared  to  be
__label__environmentmonitoring malicious.  bao  et  al.  propose  a  probability  modelbased  technique  to  analyze  subjective  versus  objective  trust.  the  authors  claim  that  the  proposed  scheme  has  a  better  detection  capability  than  anomalybased  ids.  the  two  schemes  are  lightweight  in  nature.  therefore,  as  predicted  in  section  ,  they  are  suitable  for  iot  networks.  boubiche  and  bilami  introduce  a  cross  layer  ids  that  uses  an  intrusion  detection  agent  to  exchange  information  between  the  physical,  mac,  and  network  layers  of  a  protocol  stack.  comparing  the  observations  on  the  different  layers  makes  the  agent  capable  of  detecting  multilayer  attacks.  another  cross  layer  design  is  proposed  in  khan
__label__environmentmonitoring and  loo  .  it  detects  flooding  by  using  and  comparing  parameters  from  the  mac  and  network  layers.  in  both  approaches,  the  processing  requirements  seem  moderate  such  that,  in  contrast  to  our  predictions  in  section  ,  the  idss  might  also  be  implemented  on  iot  networks.  a  noncooperative  game  for  wsns  is  presented  in  agah  et  al.  and  agah  and  das  .  the  goal  of  the  game  is  to  determine  the  weakest  node  in  the  network  and  thereafter  to  propose  strategies  to  defend  it  against  malicious  attacks.  a  disadvantage  of  this  approach  is  that  the  game  detects  only  a  single  attack  even
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  presence  of  multiple  ones,  such  that  the  others  are  left  undetected.  this  weakness  makes  the  approach  less  suited  to  iot  networks  for  which  we  expect  simultaneous  attacks  on  different  network  nodes.  shamshirband  et  al.  introduce  a  game  theoretic  strategy  that  adopts  a  combination  of  a  fuzzy  qlearning  algorithm  and  a  game  theoretic  approach.  the  proposed  model  consists  of  sink  nodes,  a  base  station,  and  an  attacker  that  are  tested  for  distributed  dos  attacks.  the  authors  claim  that  the  proposed  model  has  a  better  defense  rate  than  markovian  game  theoretic  solutions.  since  the  approach  seems  to  be  lightweight  with
__label__environmentmonitoring respect  to  resources,  it  may  also  be  applied  to  iot  devices.  in  ngai  et  al.  ,  an  ids  for  sinkhole  attacks  is  presented  that  first  identifies  suspected  nodes  and  then  detects  attackers  using  a  network  flow  graph.  this  algorithm  applies  the  chisquare  based  multivariate  analysis  technique  that  is  carried  out  using  simulations  and  theoretical  analysis.  the  authors  claim  that  the  proposed  strategy  has  a  low  performance  overhead  which  makes  it  suited  to  iot  networks.  doumit  and  agrawal  use  a  hidden  markov  model  to  find  unusual  activities.  the  authors  claim  that  their  algorithm  requires  minimal  processing  resources  using  experimental  scenario.  hence,
__label__environmentmonitoring it  can  also  be  used  for  an  iot  based  network.  onat  and  miri  discuss  an  algorithm  that  is  based  on  processing  arrival  traffic.  in  particular,  the  arrival  traffic  pattern  for  a  node  is  observed,  and,  based  on  these  studies,  a  technique  to  find  anomalies  is  devised.  short  term  statistics  are  kept  by  the  algorithm  using  a  multilevel  sliding  window  that  reduces  the  resource  requirement.  therefore,  such  a  scheme  can  also  be  considered  for  resourceconstrained  iot  devices.  another  algorithm  by  the  same  authors  is  introduced  in  onat  and  miri  .  here,  each  node  develops  a  model  for  its  neighbors  based  on
__label__environmentmonitoring their  transceiver  behavior  and  packet  arrival  rates.  when  there  are  major  deviations,  this  is  considered  as  abnormal  behavior.  this  approach,  however,  may  require  monitoring  every  neighbor  which  can  demand  a  lot  of  energy  consumption.  thus,  it  might  not  be  a  feasible  solution  for  iot  devices.  abraham  et  al.  present  an  ids  that  is  effective  against  denialofservice  dos  and  unauthorized  attacks.  it  is  based  on  the  genetic  programming  technique.  a  fuzzy  rulebased  classifier  for  intrusion  detection  is  shown  in  abraham  et  al.  .  it  is  claimed  to  have  100  accuracy  for  every  type  of  attack.  the  technique,  however,  seems  to  be
__label__environmentmonitoring not  very  energyefficient  making  it  less  suited  for  iot  networks.  in  deng  et  al.  ,  an  anomalybased  ids  using  a  support  vector  machine  svm  is  implemented  to  detect  routing  attacks.  a  svm  is  also  proposed  by  sedjelmaci  and  feham  who  distinguish  between  normal  and  abnormal  patterns.  the  scheme  seems  to  be  energy  consuming  but  it  can  run  on  an  iot  node  with  larger  processing  capabilities.  thus,  as  predicted  in  section  ,  it  fits  with  iot  networks  containing  more  powerful  nodes.  the  ids  presented  in  maleh  et  al.  bridges  machine  learning  with  using  clusters.  it  is  basically  a  hierarchical  ids  that,
__label__environmentmonitoring however,  uses  also  svms  to  find  out  about  attack  signatures.  so,  it  fits  also  for  iot  networks  with  some  stronger  nodes  that  both  can  act  as  ch  and  can  execute  the  machine  learning  computations.  the  approaches  for  mobile  ad  hoc  networks  manets  are  also  arranged  with  respect  to  the  implementation  strategies  used.  they  are  introduced  below.  further,  we  depict  the  introduced  approaches  in  table  .  here,  we  also  mark  approaches  suited  to  be  usable  for  iot  systems.  table  4:  kachirski  and  guha  present  an  approach  in  which  only  the  cluster  heads  ch  are  responsible  for  making  decisions  such  that  the
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  consumption  is  reduced.  in  huang  and  lee  ,  clustering  is  used  in  monitors  that  are  sparsely  positioned  over  the  network.  their  purpose  is  to  detect  routing  intrusions  using  anomaly  detection.  the  ch  is  periodically  elected  to  avoid  that  the  energy  of  single  nodes  is  drained  too  much.  thus,  in  contrast  to  our  predictions  in  section  ,  this  hierarchical  ids  works  also  for  iot  networks  without  stronger  nodes.  sterne  et  al.  introduce  a  dynamic  hierarchic  scheme  that  reduces  intrusion  detection  data  packets  by  data  aggregation.  the  proposed  scheme  is  tested  for  intentional  data  dropping  and  attacks  on  network  and  higher
__label__environmentmonitoring layer  protocols.  in  sun  et  al.  ,  an  ids  is  presented  in  which  the  network  is  divided  into  nonoverlapping  physical  zones.  a  local  agent  is  responsible  for  broadcasting  alerts  in  its  zone.  moreover,  a  special  gateway  zone  is  defined  that  aggregates  locally  generated  alerts  and  disseminates  networkwide  alarms.  the  purpose  of  such  a  system  is  to  process  the  detection  results  in  the  zones  locally  while  the  gateway  nodes  process  final  systemwide  results  from  the  disseminated  results  in  the  various  zones.  since  the  approach  operates  with  gps  data,  it  cannot  be  directly  transferred  to  iot  networks  in  which  not  all  nodes
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  expected  to  have  gps  receivers  available.  michiardi  and  molva  describe  a  mechanism  that  computes  the  reputation  for  each  node  in  a  network  based  on  supervision  of  its  behavior  by  other  nodes.  the  reputation  is  used  for  the  routing  decisions,  and  a  node  selects  neighbors  with  high  reputation  values.  further,  a  watchdog  mechanism  is  used  to  deny  communication  with  a  node  whose  reputation  falls  below  a  certain  threshold.  in  buchegger  and  le  boudec  ,  a  system  for  reactive  source  routing  protocols  is  presented.  the  reputation  of  a  node  is  updated  based  on  input  from  fully  trusted  nodes  that  monitor
__label__environmentmonitoring their  neighbors  using  a  special  watching  scheme.  as  predicted  in  section  ,  both  presented  approaches  are  relatively  lightweight  and,  with  some  modifications,  can  therefore  be  used  for  iot  networks.  in  zhang  and  lee  ,  the  authors  propose  an  agentbased  distributed  and  collaborative  ids.  the  approach  uses  a  local  data  collection  block  that  collects  and  analyzes  the  observed  data  in  realtime.  if  it  unambiguously  detects  an  anomaly,  it  informs  either  a  local  or  a  global  response  block  in  order  to  initiate  a  remedy  of  a  subsystem.  if  the  result  of  the  observations  is  inconclusive,  the  data  collection  block  interacts  with  those
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  neighboring  nodes  via  a  secure  channel,  and  a  collaborative  decision  is  made.  each  agent  has  a  local  detection  engine  that  uses  a  modeling  algorithm  to  decide  based  on  predefined  matching  criteria  whether  an  incidence  is  normal  or  anomalous.  depending  on  whether  a  decision  was  taken  locally  or  after  coordination  with  other  nodes,  either  a  local  or  a  global  response  is  initiated.  in  extension  to  this  work,  the  authors  introduce  a  cross  layer  ids  in  zhang  et  al.  .  in  this  work,  each  layer  has  an  ids  module  but  the  detection  on  one  layer  may  be  initiated  by  those
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  other  layers  such  that  attacks  on  different  layers  can  be  detected.  as  described  in  section  ,  due  to  the  amount  of  coordination  required  and  the  somehow  complex  functionality  to  be  implemented,  we  are  skeptical  about  the  usability  of  this  approach  on  iot  networks  with  tiny  devices.  in  albers  et  al.  ,  the  authors  describe  a  distributed  mobile  agentbased  ids  in  which  the  agents  migrate  to  the  various  data  sources.  thus,  the  work  load  of  each  node  can  be  decreased.  while  this  saves  processing  resources,  the  approach  might,  nevertheless,  not  be  a  suitable  approach  for  iot  based  networks  since
__label__environmentmonitoring the  freely  migrating  mobile  agents  might  exceed  the  abilities  of  many  iot  nodes.  patcha  and  park  present  an  ids  that  models  interactions  between  nodes  of  a  manet  as  a  noncooperative  game  with  two  players.  the  scheme  requires  a  central  processing  unit  computing  the  collected  observations  that  runs  on  a  highperformance  microprocessor  and  demands  a  relatively  large  amount  of  memory  for  data  storage  and  processing.  therefore,  this  scheme  may  only  be  usable  for  iot  networks  with  a  border  router  that  offers  the  necessary  processing  and  storage  capabilities.  in  puttini  et  al.  ,  the  authors  introduce  an  ids  based  on  bayesian  classification.
__label__environmentmonitoring it  models  reference  behavior  statistically  observing  various  network  applications.  the  behavioral  model  forms  then  the  basis  for  the  detection  algorithm  that  monitors  the  network  for  anomalies.  rao  and  kesidis  use  the  estimation  of  congestions  to  make  decisions  about  the  packet  dropping  problem.  their  ids  is  dedicated  to  networks  without  bandwidth  constraints  but  that  have  security  requirements.  due  to  this  limitation,  we  do  not  think  that  this  technique  is  suitable  for  resourceconstrained  iot  devices.  in  shakshuki  et  al.  ,  evolutionary  computation  techniques  are  used  to  detect  the  presence  of  attackers  in  a  manet  causing  flooding  and  route  disruption  attacks.  the  performance
__label__environmentmonitoring of  such  a  scheme  is  evaluated  using  simulations  for  different  mobility  and  traffic  patterns.  this  technique  demands  a  high  processing  capability  on  all  the  nodes  such  that  it  seems  not  suitable  for  resourceconstrained  iot  networks.  for  cyberphysical  systems  cpss,  we  found  only  four  ids  solutions  that  each  uses  a  separate  implementation  strategy.  the  approaches  are  described  below  and  depicted  in  table  .  table  5:  shin  et  al.  combine  onehop  clustering  for  intrusion  detection  with  multihop  clustering  for  data  aggregation,  carefully  balancing  the  efficiency  of  the  procedure  against  the  provided  security.  the  approach  uses  a  base  station,  gateways,  cluster  heads,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring leaf  nodes  each  playing  a  certain  role  in  the  ids.  the  structure  helps  to  detect  a  number  of  attack  types  carried  out  on  the  network.  the  performance  for  each  node  seems  to  be  moderate  such  that,  against  our  predictions  in  section  ,  the  approach  might  be  a  suitable  scheme  also  for  resourceconstrained  iot  devices.  the  ids  presented  in  mitchell  and  chen  uses  a  votingbased  mechanism  for  anomaly  detection.  the  authors  validate  their  design  by  considering  spoofing  and  data  manipulation  attacks.  the  scheme  is  quite  simple  and,  as  predicted  in  section  ,  seems  suited  for  being  implemented  also  in  iot  networks.
__label__environmentmonitoring nevertheless,  the  detection  rate  for  a  particular  network  configuration  should  be  analyzed  thoroughly  first.  porras  and  neumann  discuss  an  ids  that  applies  hybrid  analysis.  a  signaturebased  analysis  checks  nodes  for  compliance  with  a  rule  set.  in  addition,  an  anomalybased  analysis  uses  statistical  analysis  to  detect  intrusions  that  are  not  yet  covered  by  the  rules.  the  scheme  is  not  dedicated  to  any  specific  attack  type  such  that  a  complex  analysis  of  the  observed  data  is  expected.  that  would  make  it  difficult  to  implement  this  technique  on  iot  networks.  tsang  and  kwong  present  an  unsupervised  machine  learningbased  approach  to  detect  anomalies.  a
__label__environmentmonitoring goal  of  this  approach  is  to  reduce  the  usually  high  rate  of  false  positives  in  anomalybased  ids.  since  this  machine  learning  approach  requires  significant  computing  resources,  it  is  only  suitable  for  iot  networks  with  efficient  border  routers.  in  this  section,  we  discuss  ids  approaches  that  have  been  explicitly  developed  for  the  use  in  iot  systems.  since  the  internet  of  things  is  a  relatively  new  technology,  only  few  approaches  have  been  published,  yet.  nevertheless,  we  found  some  promising  solutions  that  we  again  grouped  according  to  the  implementation  strategies  used.  to  give  a  summary,  the  approaches  are  further  depicted  in  table  .
__label__environmentmonitoring table  6:  liu  et  al.  use  artificial  immunity  mechanisms  to  protect  iot  networks.  their  approach  comprehends  an  attack  library  to  which  the  sensed  behavior  is  compared.  a  similar  ids  is  introduced  by  kasinathan  et  al.  who,  however,  use  penetration  testing  to  detect  the  dos  attacks.  raza  et  al.  introduce  a  hybrid  ids  for  iot  networks  that  targets  typical  routing  attacks  such  as  sinkhole,  spoofed,  and  selective  forwarding.  the  technique  is  based  on  network  graph  inconsistency  detection.  this  approach  is  criticized  by  matsunaga  et  al.  for  its  high  rate  of  false  positives.  arshad  et  al.  describe  an  intrusion  detection  mechanism  using
__label__environmentmonitoring active  collaboration  between  resourceconstrained  devices  and  border  nodes,  using  a  collaborative  and  distributed  technique.  the  technique  assigns  processingintensive  tasks  to  the  border  nodes,  in  order  to  efficiently  exploit  their  capabilities.  cervantes  et  al.  present  an  ids  that  uses  trustbased  solutions  to  detect  anomalies  in  mobile  iot  networks.  the  solution  targets  sinkhole  attacks  on  the  routing  layer  of  iot  networks  by  using  a  watchdog  and  trustbased  mechanism.  if  the  trust  of  a  device  falls  below  a  certain  threshold,  it  is  declared  as  a  threat  to  the  system.  a  similar  approach  but  with  particular  consideration  of  the  processing  limitations  of  iot  devices
__label__environmentmonitoring is  discussed  by  ourselves  in  khan  and  herrmann  .  this  approach  is  tailored  to  the  routing  protocol  for  low  power  and  lossy  networks  rpl  see  ietf  that  has  become  quite  popular  for  iot  systems.  the  communication  behavior  of  network  nodes  is  observed  by  their  neighbors  for  selective  forwarding,  sinkhole,  and  version  number  attacks.  based  on  the  observations,  a  general  reputation  of  a  node  is  computed  in  a  processorfriendly  way  using  the  subjective  logic;  see  jsang  .  if  the  amount  of  distrust  in  a  node  exceeds  a  certain  threshold,  it  will  be  quarantined.  in  khan  et  al.  ,  we  further  show
__label__environmentmonitoring that  our  approach  also  addresses  selfpromotion,  badmouthing,  and  ballot  stuffing  attacks  successfully.  sedjelmaci  et  al.  introduce  an  anomaly  detection  approach  that  tries  to  minimize  the  energy  consumption.  in  particular,  game  theory  is  used  to  find  out  whether  the  signature  of  a  new  attack  is  expected  to  occur.  only  then,  the  energyintensive  anomaly  detection  is  activated.  la  et  al.  propose  a  model  which  comprehends  attacks  of  varying  seriousness  that  demand  different  degrees  of  action.  the  problem  is  modeled  as  a  bayesian  game  and  its  results  determine  the  threshold  to  declare  an  activity  as  an  intrusion.  in  this  way,  a  lower  rate
__label__environmentmonitoring of  false  positives  and  negatives  shall  be  achieved.  arrington  et  al.  simulate  iotdriven  smart  homes  in  order  to  detect  behavioral  anomalies.  the  system  constructs  behavioral  models  using  special  immunityinspired  algorithms  for  anomaly  detection.  these  models  can  then  be  compared  with  the  data  captured  by  the  iot  sensors  to  detect  deviations  from  the  expected  behavior.  fu  et  al.  present  an  anomaly  mining  ids  to  detect  anomalies  at  the  perception  layer.  a  distributed  intrusion  detection  scheme  uses  the  anomaly  data  to  find  out  about  attacks.  a  similar  approach  that,  in  addition,  addresses  the  processing  limitations  of  iot  networks,  is  introduced  by  liu
__label__environmentmonitoring and  wu  who  propose  a  very  lightweight  anomaly  mining  algorithm  using  the  jaccard  coefficient.  summerville  et  al.  publish  an  anomalybased  approach  that  provides  a  discrimination  between  abnormal  and  normal  packets.  it  relies  on  bit  pattern  matching  using  a  lookup  table.  the  processing  limitations  are  addressed  by  making  it  possible  to  implement  the  algorithm  not  only  traditionally  in  software  but  also  directly  on  the  hardware  layer.  in  recent  literature,  a  number  of  machine  learning  approaches  have  been  presented  for  the  development  of  ids.  yang  et  al.  discuss  an  active  learning  approach  using  humanintheloop  for  intrusion  detection  in  the  iot  systems.  instead
__label__environmentmonitoring of  just  using  machine  learning,  the  authors  propose  to  combine  machine  and  human  intelligence  which  allows  them  to  detect  malicious  nodes  in  the  network  more  accurately.  li  et  al.  depict  a  softwaredefined  iot  network  for  enhancing  the  performance  of  iot  applications,  based  on  artificial  intelligencebased  two  stage  intrusion  detection.  the  approach  uses  the  bat  algorithm  with  swarm  division  and  binary  differential  mutation  for  selecting  features.  however,  this  may  also  increase  the  overhead  in  comparison  with  existing  similar  solutions.  liu  et  al.  discuss  intrusion  detection  using  fuzzy  clustering  and  principal  component  analysis.  the  authors  classify  the  data  into  low  risk  and
__label__environmentmonitoring high  risk  while  analysis  is  performed  using  simulations.  although  this  approach  may  have  better  results  in  comparison  with  traditional  techniques,  it  also  increases  the  implementation  overhead.  xiao  et  al.  explore  iot  security  using  supervised  learning,  unsupervised  learning,  and  reinforcement  learningbased  machine  learning  techniques.  anthi  et  al.  employ  machine  learning  techniques  for  detecting  network  scanning  probing  and  denialofservice  dos  attacks.  finally,  azmoodeh  et  al.  use  deep  learning  methods  to  detect  internet  of  battlefield  things  iobt  malware  via  the  devices  operational  code  opcode  sequence.  based  on  the  experience  made  during  working  for  this  publication,  we  found  out  two  research  directions  for  idss
__label__environmentmonitoring safeguarding  iot  networks  that,  in  our  opinion,  seem  worthwhile  to  be  pursued.  they  are  introduced  in  the  following.  table  gives  the  impression  that  one  has  more  possibilities  to  apply  approaches  existing  for  wsns,  manets,  and  cpss  also  for  an  iot  network  if  it  contains  at  least  some  nodes  with  sufficient  processing  and  energy  capabilities.  that  holds  particularly  when  these  highperformance  nodes  are  plugged  such  that  energy  issues  are  alleviated.  these  devices  can  then  execute  the  computing  intensive  centralized  ids  approaches  while  the  resource  limited  nodes  only  assist  by  delivering  data.  this  fits  well  to  the  novel  fog  computing  concept;  see,
__label__environmentmonitoring e.g.,  bonomi  et  al.  .  fog  computing  is  seen  as  an  alternative  to  traditional  cloud  computing  in  which  the  various  cloud  services  are  not  provided  by  remote  data  centers  but  by  local  machines  that  are  under  the  control  of  the  local  network  operator.  for  instance,  local  wlan  routers  that  are  provided  with  greater  processing  power  and  storage  facilities  can,  besides  routing  data  packets  between  the  wired  and  the  wireless  network  segments,  offer  various  services  known  from  the  cloud.  since  border  routers  connecting  an  iot  system  with  the  outside  world  are  often  wlan  routers,  the  new  fog  computing  technology  can  easily
__label__environmentmonitoring be  integrated  into  the  network.  for  instance,  it  could  run  a  centralized  ids  protecting  the  iot  network  nodes  to  which  it  is  connected  or  take  processing  and  energyintensive  tasks  of  the  implementation  strategies  discussed  in  this  paper.  moreover,  if  the  iot  is  larger  and  applies  several  border  routers,  one  can  use  their  fog  computing  capabilities  to  realize  a  hierarchical  ids.  in  consequence,  we  see  the  integration  of  idss  on  fog  computing  platforms  as  a  promising  future  research  direction.  following  the  highly  virtual  nature  of  the  platforms,  the  ids  functionality  can  then,  like  other  cloudbased  functionality,  be  offered  in  form  of
__label__environmentmonitoring services,  which  could  be  named  intrusion  detection  as  a  service  .  to  realize  an  ids  is  more  difficult  for  iot  systems  when  all  nodes  are  resourceconstrained,  table  reveals  for  this  case  that  there  are  three  basic  strategies  available.  one  is  votingbased  idss  that  are  already  sufficiently  lightweight  to  be  used  in  a  resourcefriendly  way.  unfortunately,  their  accuracy  is  still  suboptimal  and  further  research  is  needed  to  reduce  the  rate  of  false  negatives.  the  second  strategy  is  to  reduce  the  workload  by  splitting  it  into  subtasks  executed  by  different  cooperating  nodes.  that  is  done  by  hierarchical  idss  as  well  as  the
__label__environmentmonitoring distributed  and  collaborative  idss.  the  problem  here  is  that  the  reduction  of  computation  efforts  takes  place  at  the  expense  of  more  data  exchange  which  leads  to  a  faster  battery  draining.  to  avoid  that,  one  should  investigate  the  research  and  development  of  idss  that  allow  the  nodes  to  cooperate  with  each  other  minimizing  the  amount  of  data  to  exchange.  here,  recent  developments  in  communication  protocol  technology  will  be  of  help.  an  example  is  the  new  ieee  802.15.4  protocol  see  bhar  that  reduces  active  channel  listening.  for  that,  the  data  frames  are  divided  into  a  number  of  slots,  and  a  station  has
__label__environmentmonitoring to  only  listen  at  time  intervals  when  slots  dedicated  to  itself  are  transmitted.  for  larger  systems,  that  reduces  the  idle  listening  time  of  a  station  significantly.  the  third  strategy  is  to  use  reputation  and  trust  management  that  provides  idss  with  lightweight  computation  and  storage  mechanisms.  the  approaches  using  trust  management,  however,  are  subject  to  increased  active  channel  listening  since  a  node  now  also  needs  to  listen  to  the  communication  towards  its  neighbors,  the  behavior  of  which  shall  be  evaluated.  if  our  node  has  to  listen  continuously,  this  can  consume  a  lot  of  energy.  therefore,  it  might  be  helpful  to  conduct
__label__environmentmonitoring research  in  the  combination  of  the  approaches  with  resourcefriendly  communication  protocols.  for  instance,  a  first  analysis  to  adapt  the  approach  presented  in  khan  and  herrmann  and  khan  et  al.  to  the  ieee  802.15.4  protocol  revealed  that  the  active  channel  listening  time  can  be  easily  reduced  by  twothirds  when  the  listening  strategy  is  slightly  changed.  when  our  station  wants  to  check  if  a  message  sent  by  itself  to  another  station  is  correctly  forwarded  to  rule  a  selective  forwarding  attack  out,  it  only  needs  to  listen  to  the  slots  to  itself  and  the  one  through  which  the  other  node  forwards  the  message
__label__environmentmonitoring of  interest.  thus,  the  additional  listening  cost  can  be  effectively  limited.  altogether,  the  dedication  of  research  in  combining  energyefficient  networking  with  reputationbased  idss  seems  a  promising  field  of  research.  we  provided  an  overview  about  recent  trends  in  using  intrusion  detection  systems  in  the  internet  of  things.  in  particular,  we  presented  a  number  of  solutions  directly  developed  for  iot  systems  as  well  as  those  for  the  adjacent  network  types  wsns,  manets,  and  cpss.  based  on  this  overview,  we  could  name  a  number  of  issues  for  the  various  ids  types  that  reduce  their  applicability  of  the  existing  approaches.  this  allowed  us  to
__label__environmentmonitoring find  out  the  schemes  of  idss  that  appear  promising  to  the  iot.  moreover,  we  identified  two  research  directions  promising  to  alleviate  the  weaknesses  of  the  idss  for  being  used  with  iot  networks.  altogether,  we  got  the  impression  that  the  majority  of  the  existing  idss  are  not  completely  suited  for  the  resource  limitations  of  the  iot  but  that  the  developments  point  into  the  right  direction.  after  conducting  some  efforts  into  research  and  development,  we  see  a  high  potential  for  adequate  solutions  that  will  protect  the  iot  and  its  users  effectively.  the  authors  declare  that  there  are  no  conflicts  of  interest  regarding
__label__environmentmonitoring the  publication  of  this  paper.  wireless  network  security  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  proceedings  of  the  4th  ieee  international  conference  on  future  internet  of  things  and  cloud  ficloud  16  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  journal  of  information  security  and  applications  ieee  internet  of  things  journal  ieee  access  ieee  internet  of  things  journal  proceedings  of  the  1st  ieee  international  conference  on  system  integration  and  reliability  improvements  proceedings  of  the  17th  ieee  conference  on  business  informatics  cbi  15  international  journal  of  peer  to  peer  networks  wireless  personal  communications  international  journal  of  communication  networks  and  information  security  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials
__label__environmentmonitoring computer  networks  wireless  networks  information  security  technical  report  ad  hoc  networks  international  journal  of  distributed  sensor  networks  advanced  communications  and  multimedia  security  ifip  the  international  federation  for  information  processing  proceedings  of  the  ifip  international  conference  on  autonomous  infrastructure,  management  and  security  proceedings  of  the  ieee  international  conference  on  wireless  and  mobile  computing,  networking  and  communications  wimob  05  international  journal  of  network  security  its  applications  international  journal  of  network  security  wireless  information  systems  engineering  applications  of  artificial  intelligence  ieee  transactions  on  network  and  service  management  procedia  computer  science  journal  of  network  and  computer  applications  proceedings  of  the  ieee  international  conference  on
__label__environmentmonitoring industrial  technology  icit  05  proceedings  of  the  3rd  international  conference  on  ubiquitous  information  management  and  communication  icuimc  09  proceedings  of  the  1st  acm  international  workshop  on  quality  of  service  security  in  wireless  and  mobile  networks  procedia  computer  science  international  journal  of  distributed  sensor  networks  proceedings  of  the  ieee  wireless  communications  and  networking  conference  wcnc  11  wireless  personal  communications  ieee  transactions  on  industrial  informatics  world  wide  web  journal  international  journal  of  uncertainty,  fuzziness  and  knowledgebased  systems  proceedings  of  the  ieee  31st  international  conference  on  advanced  information  networking  and  applications  aina  17  ieee  transactions  on  parallel  and  distributed  systems  proceedings  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring 3rd  international  conference  on  ecofriendly  computing  and  communication  systems  iceccs  14  ieee  transactions  on  reliability  computers  security  game  theory:  analysis  of  conflict  computer  communications  proceedings  of  the  3rd  ieee  international  symposium  on  network  computing  and  applications  nca  04  international  journal  of  network  security  proceedings  of  the  2003  ieee  58th  vehicular  technology  conference,  vtc2003fall  proceedings  of  the  ieee  military  communications  conference  milcom  03  proceedings  of  the  12th  international  conference  on  information  technology:  new  generations  itng  15  proceedings  of  the  13th  european  wireless  conference  international  journal  of  network  security  its  applications  network  security  proceedings  of  the  6th  european  conference  on  wireless  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring networks  ewsn  09  lecture  notes  in  computer  science  international  journal  of  network  security  its  applications  proceedings  of  the  ieee  international  conference  on  communications  icc  06  proceedings  of  the  international  conference  on  systems  communications  proceedings  of  the  10th  ieee  singapore  international  conference  on  communications  systems  iccs  06  international  journal  of  network  security  its  applications  proceedings  of  the  6th  annual  ieee  communications  society  conference  on  sensor,  mesh  and  ad  hoc  communications  and  networks  secon  09  proceedings  of  the  3rd  acm  international  symposium  on  mobile  ad  hoc  networking  computing  mobihoc  02  proceedings  of  the  1st  acm  workshop  on  security  of  ad  hoc  and
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  networks  in  association  with  10th  acm  conference  on  computer  and  communications  security  proceedings  of  the  36th  annual  hawaii  international  conference  on  system  sciences  hicss  03  proceedings  of  the  5th  annual  ieee  system,  man  and  cybernetics  information  assurance  workshop  smc  04  proceedings  of  the  11th  ifip  international  conference  on  personal  wireless  communications  pwc  06  lecture  notes  in  computer  science  proceedings  of  the  ieee  global  telecommunications  conference  globecom  03  ieee  transactions  on  industrial  electronics  proceedings  of  the  3rd  ieee  international  workshop  on  information  assurance  iwia  05  international  journal  of  ad  hoc  and  sensor  wireless  networks  proceedings  of  the  6th  annual  international
__label__environmentmonitoring conference  on  mobile  computing  and  networking  mobicom  00  proceedings  of  the  20th  national  information  systems  security  conference  nissc  97  international  journal  of  network  security  proceedings  of  the  living  in  the  internet  of  things:  cybersecurity  of  the  iot  proceedings  of  the  25th  international  conference  on  computer  communications  and  networks  icccn  16  iet  networks  ieee  transactions  on  sustainable  computing  proceedings  of  the  14th  ifip/ieee  international  symposium  on  integrated  network  management  im  15  proceedings  of  the  4th  iet  international  conference  on  wireless,  mobile  multimedia  networks  icwmmn  11  proceedings  of  the  2013  ieee  9th  international  conference  on  wireless  and  mobile  computing,  networking  and  communications
__label__environmentmonitoring wimob  13  proceedings  of  the  12th  international  conference  on  availability,  reliability,  and  security  ares  17  ieee  internet  of  things  journal  ieee  internet  of  things  journal  proceedings  of  the  7th  international  conference  on  natural  computation  icnc  11  proceedings  of  the  5th  ieee  international  conference  on  software  engineering  and  service  science  icsess  14  eurasip  journal  on  wireless  communications  and  networking  ad  hoc  networks  proceedings  of  the  ieee  international  conference  on  communications  icc  16  proceedings  of  the  34th  ieee  international  performance  computing  and  communications  conference  ipccc  15  ieee  signal  processing  magazine  ieee  wireless  communications  magazine  proceedings  of  the  11th  international  symposium  on  wireless
__label__environmentmonitoring the  payment  card  industry  data  security  standard  pci  dss  was  created  to  secure  credit  cardholder  data  from  theft  and  misuse.  it  defines  12  security  areas  in  which  companies  should  enhance  protection  for  this  type  of  data.  the  requirements  apply  to  anyone  involved  in  credit  card  processing,  including  merchants,  processors,  and  3rd  party  service  providers.  the  general  data  protection  regulation  gdpr  is  europes  new  framework  for  protecting  security  and  privacy  for  personally  identifiable  information  pii,  which  came  into  force  in  may  2018.  gdpr  applies  to  any  legal  entity  which  stores,  controls  or  processes  personal  data  for  eu  citizens,  and  focuses  on
__label__environmentmonitoring two  categories:  ,  such  as  an  ip  address  or  username,  and  ,  such  as  biometric  or  genetic  data  hipaa  is  a  united  states  standard  pertaining  to  organizations  that  transmit  health  information  in  electronic  form.  it  applies  to  organizations  of  all  sizes,  from  a  single  physician  to  national  healthcare  bodies.  hipaas  security  management  process  standard  requires  organizations  to  perform  risk  analysis,  risk  management,  have  a  sanction  policy  for  data  breaches,  and  conducts  information  system  activity  reviewsa  key  element  of  the  standard  which  ensures  all  the  other  parts  are  in  order.  the  sarbanesoxley  act  of  2002  sox  is  a  regulation  that  sets
__label__environmentmonitoring requirements  for  us  public  company  boards,  management  and  accounting  firms.  it  was  enacted  as  a  reaction  to  several  corporate  accounting  scandals,  including  enron  and  worldcom.  two  frameworks  commonly  used  by  it  organizations  to  comply  with  sox  are  and  .  the  sox  regulation  focuses  on  making  sure  that  an  organization  informs  management,  and  is  able  to  demonstrate,  via  sox  reporting  procedures:  a  siem  can  be  helpful  in  gathering  this  data  and  recording  it  for  sox  audits.  according  to  insider  threat  statistics  provided  in  the  ,  three  of  the  top  five  causes  of  security  breaches  were  related  to  an  insider  threat,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring insider  threats  go  undetected  for  months  in  42  of  cases  or  even  years  38  of  cases.  insider  threat  detection  is  challengingbehavior  doesnt  set  off  alerts  in  most  security  tools,  because  the  threat  actor  appears  to  be  a  legitimate  user.  however,  a  siem  can  help  discover  insider  threat  indicators  via  behavioral  analysis,  helping  security  teams  identify  and  mitigate  attacks.  there  is  growing  awareness  of  internal  security  threats,  first  and  foremost  insider  threats:  most  of  the  capabilities  in  this  and  the  following  sections  are  made  possible  by  nextgeneration  siems  that  combine  user  entity  behavioral  analytics  ueba.  ueba  technology  uses  machine  learning  and
__label__environmentmonitoring behavioral  profiling  to  establish  baselines  of  it  users  and  systems,  and  intelligently  identify  anomalies,  beyond  the  rules  and  statistical  correlations  used  by  traditional  siems.  privileged  access  abuse  is  a  complex  problem  stemming  from  gaps  in  access  control  at  organizations.  users  with  access  to  it  systems  are  able  to  perform  undesirable  actions,  because  they  have  more  access  rights  than  they  need  to  do  their  jobs.  according  to  the  ,  privileged  access  abuse  was  the  third  largest  cause  of  data  breaches  and  the  second  largest  cause  of  security  incidents.  it  is  very  common  for  attackers  to  take  control  of  user  credentials  or
__label__environmentmonitoring hosts  within  an  organizational  network,  and  carry  out  attacks  stealthily  for  months  or  years.  according  to  the  report,  the  average  time  us  companies  took  to  detect  a  data  breach  was  206  days.  so  a  major  goal  for  security  teams  is  to  detect  and  subvert  attacks  quickly.  threat  hunting  is  the  practice  of  actively  seeking  out  cyber  threats  in  an  organization  or  network.  a  threat  hunt  can  be  conducted  on  the  heels  of  a  security  incident,  but  also  proactively,  to  discover  new  and  unknown  attacks  or  breaches.  according  to  a  2017  study  by  the  ,  45  of  organizations  do  threat  hunting
__label__environmentmonitoring on  an  ad  hoc  or  regular  basis.  threat  hunting  requires  broad  access  to  security  data  from  across  the  organization,  which  can  be  provided  by  a  siem.  data  exfiltration  happens  when  sensitive  data  is  illicitly  transferred  outside  an  organization.  it  can  happen  manually,  when  a  user  transfers  data  over  the  internet  or  copies  it  to  a  physical  device  and  moves  it  outside  the  premises,  or  automatically,  as  the  result  of  malware  infecting  local  systems.  many  organizations  are  using  connected  devices  to  manage  critical  operations.  examples  include  networkconnected  medical  equipment,  industrial  machinery  and  sensors,  and  power  grid  infrastructure.  internet  of  things  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring devices  were  not  designed  with  security  in  mind,  and  many  suffer  from  vulnerabilities.  these  vulnerabilities  are  difficult  to  remediate  once  the  devices  are  already  deployed  in  the  field.  nextgeneration  security  information  and  event  management  siem  solutions,  built  in  line  with  gartners  vision  of  a  siem  platform  integrated  with  advanced  analytics  and  automation  tools,  can  make  many  of  these  advanced  use  cases  possible.  specifically,  user  entity  behavioral  analytics  ueba  technology  makes  it  possible  to  detect  insider  threats,  perform  more  sophisticated  threat  hunting,  prevent  data  exfiltration  and  mitigate  iot  threats,  even  when  traditional  security  tools  dont  raise  a  single  alert.  exabeams  security
__label__environmentmonitoring intelligence  platform  is  an  example  of  a  nextgeneration  siem  that  comes  integrated  with  enabling  automated  detection  of  insider  threats  and  mitigation  of  anomalous  behavior  that  cannot  be  captured  by  traditional  correlation  rules.  if  youd  like  to  see  more  content  like  this,  visit  the  exabeam  information  security  blog  ch01  components,  best  practices,  and  nextgen  capabilities  ch02  how  siems  are  built,  how  they  generate  insights,  and  how  they  are  changing  ch03  siem  under  the  hood  the  anatomy  of  security  events  and  system  logs  ch04  user  and  entity  behavioral  analytics  detects  threats  other  tools  cant  see  ch05  beyond  alerting  and  compliance  siems  for
__label__environmentmonitoring insider  threats,  threat  hunting  and  iot  ch06  from  correlation  rules  and  attack  signatures  to  automated  detection  via  machine  learning  ch07  security  automation  and  orchestration  soar  the  future  of  incident  response  ch08  a  comprehensive  guide  to  the  modern  soc  secops  and  nextgen  tech  ch09  evaluation  criteria,  build  vs.  buy,  cost  considerations  and  compliance  ch10  siem  essentials  quiz  we  use  cookies  to  personalize  content  and  ads,  to  provide  social  media  features  and  to  analyze  our  traffic.  we  also  share  information  about  your  use  of  our  site  with  our  social  media,  advertising  and  analytics  partners  who  may  combine  it  with  other  information  that
__label__environmentmonitoring youve  provided  to  them  or  that  theyve  collected  from  your  use  of  their  services.  you  consent  to  our  cookies  if  you  continue  to  use  our  website.  please  refer  to  our  for  more  information.  this  message  only  appears  once.  2  waters  park  dr.,  suite  200san  mateo,  ca  94403  2019  exabeam  built  on  advanced  data  science,  deep  security  expertise,  and  proven  open  source  big  data  solutions.  exabeam  announces  enhancements  to  siem  platform  everything  you  need  to  know  about  siem  technology.  see  what  you  can  save  with  exabeams  unlimited  log  storage
__label__environmentmonitoring learn  more  from  tech  tips  to  financial  risks  visit  deloitte  insights  key  opportunities,  trends,  and  challenges  looking  ahead,  staying  ahead  timely  insights  to  inform  your  agenda.  get  daily  updates  on  your  mobile  device  experience  deloitte  in  a  new  way  through  our  augmented  reality  app.  discover  deloitte  and  learn  more  about  our  people  and  culture.  have  you  already  applied  for  a  job?  you  can  now  update  your  candidate  profile  here.  the  iots  true  value  lies  in  its  disruptive  potential  for  reimagining  business  processes  and,  ultimately,  rewiring  business,  government,  and  society.  realizing  that  potential  means  shifting  iot  applications  strategic  focus  toward  not
__label__environmentmonitoring just  sensing,  but  doing.  increasingly,  forwardthinking  organizations  are  focusing  their  internet  of  things  iot  initiatives  less  on  underlying  sensors,  devices,  and  smart  things  and  more  on  developing  bold  approaches  for  managing  data,  leveraging  brownfield  iot  infrastructure,  and  developing  new  business  models.  meanwhile,  others  are  developing  humanimpact  iot  use  cases  for  boosting  food  production,  cutting  carbon  emissions,  and  transforming  health  services.  what  impact  will  iot  have  on  your  business  and  on  the  people  around  you?  rapid  prototyping  can  help  you  find  out.  view  learn  more  about  create  and  download  a  custom  pdf  of  the  each  day  as  iot  grows,  so  do
__label__environmentmonitoring the  volumes  of  data  it  generates.  by  some  estimates,  connected  devices  will  generate  507.5  zettabytes  zb  of  data  per  year  42.3  zb  per  month  by  2019,  up  from  134.5  zb  per  year  11.2  zb  per  month  in  2014.  a  zettabyte  is  1  trillion  gigabytes.  globally,  the  data  created  by  iot  devices  in  2019  will  be  269  times  greater  than  the  data  being  transmitted  to  data  centers  from  enduser  devices  and  49  times  higher  than  total  data  center  traffic.  even  as  businesses,  government  agencies,  and  other  pioneering  organizations  at  the  vanguard  of  iot  take  initial  steps  to  implement  iots  component  partssensors,
__label__environmentmonitoring devices,  software,  connectivitythey  run  the  risk  of  being  overwhelmed  by  the  sheer  magnitude  of  the  digital  data  generated  by  connected  devices.  many  will  focus  narrowly  on  passive  monitoring  of  operational  areas  that  have  been  historically  off  the  grid  or  visible  only  through  aggregated,  batchdriven  glimpses.  to  fully  explore  iots  potential,  companies  should  think  big,  start  small,  and  then  scale  fast.  many  enterprises  already  have  unused  iot  infrastructure  built  into  their  manufacturing  machinery  and  it  software.  we  call  these  dormant  components  brownfields:  like  roots,  bulbs,  and  tubers  in  the  soil,  they  need  a  good  rain  and  a  bit  of  tending  to
__label__environmentmonitoring begin  to  thrive.  activating  and  connecting  these  brownfield  components  may  help  companies  leapfrog  some  implementation  steps  and  give  their  iot  initiatives  a  needed  boost.  in  contrast,  greenfieldsenterprise  environments  with  no  preexisting  iot  infrastructurerequire  basic  seeding  and  a  lot  of  tending  over  time  to  yield  a  new  crop.  the  value  that  iot  brings  lies  in  the  information  it  creates.  it  has  powerful  potential  for  boosting  analytics  efforts.  strategically  deployed,  analytics  can  help  organizations  translate  iots  digital  data  into  meaningful  insights  that  can  be  used  to  develop  new  products,  offerings,  and  business  models.  iot  can  provide  a  line  of  sight  into  the
__label__environmentmonitoring world  outside  company  walls,  and  help  strategists  and  decision  makers  understand  their  customers,  products,  and  markets  more  clearly.  and  iot  can  drive  so  much  moreincluding  opportunities  to  integrate  and  automate  business  processes  in  ways  never  before  possible.  often  overlooked  is  iots  potential  for  impacting  human  lives  on  a  grand  scale.  for  example,  in  a  world  where  hunger  persists,  smart  farming  techniques  use  sensor  data  focused  on  weather,  soil  conditions,  and  pest  control  to  help  farmers  boost  crop  yields.  meteorologists  are  leveraging  hazard  mapping  and  remote  sensing  to  predict  natural  disasters  farther  in  advance  and  with  greater  accuracy.  the  health  care
__label__environmentmonitoring sector  is  actively  exploring  ways  in  which  wearables  might  help  improve  the  lives  of  the  elderly,  the  chronically  ill,  and  others.  the  list  goes  on  and  will  continue  to  grow.  we  are  only  beginning  to  glimpse  the  enormity  of  iots  potential  for  making  lives  better.  sensing  and  sensibility  with  so  few  detailed  use  cases,  the  sheer  number  of  iot  possibilities  makes  it  difficult  to  scope  initiatives  properly  and  achieve  momentum.  many  are  finding  that  iot  cannot  be  the  internet  of  everything  .  as  such,  organizations  are  increasingly  approaching  iot  as  the  internet  of  some  things,  purposefully  bounded  for  deliberate  intent
__label__environmentmonitoring and  outcomes,  and  focused  on  specific,  actionable  business  processes,  functions,  and  domains.  the  time  has  come  for  organizations  to  think  more  boldly  about  iots  possibilities  and  about  the  strategies  that  can  help  them  realize  iots  full  disruptive  potential.  to  date,  many  iot  initiatives  have  focused  primarily  on  sensingdeploying  and  arranging  the  hardware,  software,  and  devices  to  collect  and  transmit  data.  these  preliminary  steps  taken  to  refine  iot  approaches  and  tactics  are  just  the  beginning.  the  focus  must  shift  from  sensing  to  doing.  how  do  inputs  from  sensors  drive  closedloop  adjustments  and  innovation  to  back,  middle,  and  frontoffice  business  processes?  where
__label__environmentmonitoring can  those  processes  become  fully  automated,  and  where  can  the  core  be  reconfigured  using  feedback  from  connected  devices  and  instrumented  operations?  what  future  iot  devices  might  open  up  new  markets?  to  yield  value,  analyticsdriven  insights  must  ultimately  boost  the  bottom  line.  one  strategy  involves  harnessing  the  information  created  by  the  iot  ecosystem  to  augment  worker  capabilities,  a  process  modeled  in  the  information  value  loop.  when  built  to  enhance  an  individuals  knowledge  and  natural  abilities  and  deployed  seamlessly  at  the  point  of  business  impact,  iot,  in  tandem  with  advanced  analytics,  can  help  amplify  human  intelligence  for  more  effective  decisionmaking.  for  example,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ability  to  monitor  the  vital  signs  of  elderly  patients  remotely  and  in  real  time  will  empower  medical  personnel  to  make  more  accurate  care  decisions  more  quickly.  even  more  profound,  automated  drug  delivery  systems  may  be  triggered  to  respond  to  complicated  signals  culled  from  several  parts  of  the  care  network.  likewise,  companies  may  harness  datadriven  insights  to  augment  or  amplify  operational  activity  in  the  form  of  transforming  business  processes,  reimagining  core  systems  and  capabilities,  and  automating  controls.  eventually,  robotic  process  automation  and  advanced  robotics  will  monitor  events,  aggregate  sensor  data  from  numerous  sources,  and  use  artificial  intelligence  capabilities  to  determine
__label__environmentmonitoring which  course  of  action  they  can  take  to  deliver  the  most  desirable  outcome.  take  manufacturing,  for  example.  at  a  siemens  facility  in  amberg,  germany,  machines  and  computers  handle  roughly  75  percent  of  the  value  chain  autonomously,  with  some  1,000  automation  controllers  in  operation  throughout  the  production  line.  each  part  being  manufactured  has  its  own  product  code,  which  lets  machines  know  its  production  requirements  and  which  steps  to  take  next.  all  processes  are  optimized  for  it  control,  which  keeps  failure  rates  to  a  minimum.  in  this  facility,  employees  essentially  oversee  production  and  technology  assets,  handling  any  unexpected  incidents  that  may  arise.
__label__environmentmonitoring risks  and  rewards  as  organizations  work  to  integrate  vast,  disparate  networks  of  connected  devices  into  core  systems  and  processes,  there  will  likely  be  new  security  and  privacy  concerns  to  address.  these  concerns  could  be  particularly  acute  in  industries  like  health  carewhich  may  be  aggregating,  analyzing,  and  storing  highly  personal  data  gleaned  from  sensors  worn  by  patientsor  in  manufacturingwhere  risks  may  increase  as  heavy  industrial  equipment  or  infrastructure  facilities  become  increasingly  connected.  more  data,  and  more  sensitive  data,  available  across  a  broad  network  means  that  risks  are  higher  and  that  data  breaches  could  pose  significant  dangers  to  individuals  and  enterprises  alike.
__label__environmentmonitoring with  iot,  data  security  risks  will  very  likely  go  beyond  embarrassing  privacy  leaks  to,  potentially,  the  hacking  of  important  public  systems.  organizations  will  have  to  determine  what  information  is  appropriate  for  iot  enablement,  what  potential  risks  the  assets  and  information  may  represent,  and  how  they  can  ensure  that  solutions  are  secure,  vigilant,  and  resilient.  similarly,  as  companies  add  additional  inputs  to  their  it  and  iot  ecosystems,  they  will  be  challenged  to  create  new  rules  that  govern  how  action  proceeds  and  data  is  shared.  opening  up  iot  ecosystems  to  external  parties  via  apis  will  give  rise  to  even  more  riskrelated  considerations,
__label__environmentmonitoring particularly  around  security,  privacy,  and  regulatory  compliance.  acting  on  the  information  created  by  the  iotputting  intelligent  nodes  and  derived  insights  to  workrepresents  the  final,  and  most  important,  part  of  the  iot  puzzle.  options  for  achieving  this  vary.  centralized  efforts  involve  creating  orchestration  or  process  management  engines  to  automate  sensing,  decisioning,  and  response  across  a  network.  likewise,  a  decentralized  approach  typically  focuses  on  automation:  rules  engines  would  be  embedded  at  end  points,  which  would  allow  individual  nodes  to  take  action.  in  still  other  scenarios,  iot  applications  or  visualizations  could  empower  human  counterparts  to  act  differently.  ultimately,  the  machine  age  may  be
__label__environmentmonitoring upon  usdecoupling  our  awareness  of  the  world  from  the  need  for  a  human  being  to  consciously  observe  and  record  what  is  happening.  but  machine  automation  only  sets  the  stage;  real  impact,  business  or  civic,  will  come  from  bringing  together  the  resulting  data  and  relevant  sensors,  things,  and  people  to  allow  lives  to  be  lived  better,  work  to  be  done  differently,  and  the  rules  of  competition  to  be  rewired.  with  this  in  mind,  organizations  across  sectors  and  geographies  continue  to  pursue  iot  strategies,  driven  by  the  potential  for  new  insights  and  opportunities.  by  thinking  more  boldly  about  these  opportunities  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring impact  they  could  have  on  innovation  agendas,  customer  engagement,  and  competitiveness  both  short  and  longterm,  companies  will  likely  be  able  to  elevate  their  iot  strategies  beyond  sensing  to  a  more  potentially  beneficial  stage  of  doing.  caterpillar  embraces  the  internet  of  big  things  at  a  remote  mining  region  of  western  australia,  the  iots  lofty  potential  meets  the  ground  in  a  fleet  of  caterpillar  mining  truckseach  boasting  a  240ton  payloadthat  operate  autonomously,  24  hours  a  day.  these  giant,  driverless  machines  are  outfitted  with  a  variety  of  sensors  that  transmit  information  on  oil  pressure,  filters,  and  other  truck  components  via  wireless  connections  such
__label__environmentmonitoring as  satellite,  cellular,  and  others  back  to  caterpillar  headquarters  in  peoria,  il,  where  an  advisor  monitors  the  equipments  vital  signs  and  can,  when  needed,  make  maintenance  recommendations  to  the  fleets  owner.  though  caterpillar  has  been  embedding  sensors  in  its  products  for  decades,  only  in  the  last  few  years  has  the  global  construction  machinery  and  heavy  equipment  manufacturer  begun  exploring  their  potential  application  within  the  context  of  iot.  today,  iotor  as  they  call  it  at  caterpillar,  the  internet  of  big  thingsis  a  major  strategic  and  technological  focus,  with  the  company  exploring  ways  to  mine  iot  data  that  can  then  be  used
__label__environmentmonitoring to  develop  predictive  diagnostics  tools,  design  products,  and  improve  product  performance.  for  example,  when  compiled  over  time  and  analyzed,  data  generated  by  sensors  embedded  in  constructionsite  machinery  may  be  able  to  help  engineers  design  heavy  equipment  that  can  accomplish  more  work  with  fewer  passes.  fewer  passes  translates  to  reduced  idle  time,  less  operator  fatigue,  and  lower  fuel  consumption.  ultimately,  operating  efficiently  can  help  owners  of  caterpillar  equipment  better  serve  their  own  customers.  importantly,  this  informationcombined  with  caterpillars  domain  knowledge  about  heavy  equipment  and  analyticsmay  help  the  company  more  accurately  predict  how  specific  pieces  of  equipment  will  perform  in  different  environments
__label__environmentmonitoring and  on  specific  types  of  jobs.  to  this  end,  caterpillar  recently  announced  it  had  entered  into  a  technology  agreement  with  analytics  vendor  uptake  to  develop  a  predictive  diagnostics  platform  to  help  customers  monitor  and  optimize  the  performance  of  their  fleets.  looking  forward,  caterpillar  expects  iot  to  help  redefine  business  processes,  drive  better  engagement  with  its  customers,  and  evolve  its  products,  services,  and  offerings.  expanding  the  horizons  of  connected  care  some  companies  in  the  health  care  industryincluding  health  plans,  providers,  medical  device  manufacturers,  and  software  vendorsare  testing  the  iot  waters  with  a  number  of  sensordriven  big  data  initiatives  that  could  transform
__label__environmentmonitoring the  way  patients  and  their  providers  manage  acute  health  conditions.  one  leading  health  care  delivery  system  is  currently  developing  a  suite  of  mobile  applications  to  track,  record,  and  analyze  biometric  data  generated  by  bluetoothenabled  sensing  devices  worn  by  patients.  these  apps,  each  configured  to  monitor  a  specific  medical  condition,  will  share  a  common  digital  platform  and  feature  apis  to  encourage  external  development.  once  deployed,  they  will  be  able  to  analyze  sensor  data  and  pair  them  with  electronic  medical  records  and  other  clinical  information  to  help  caregivers  make  fasterand  more  informeddecisions  for  patients.  for  example,  a  diabetic  patients  glucose  readings  would
__label__environmentmonitoring be  streamed  from  a  monitoring  device  to  a  mobile  app  on  his  or  her  phone  or  tablet,  and  then  on  to  an  integrated  big  data  repository.  care  coordinators  would  be  alerted  to  unusual  changes  in  the  patients  glucose  levels  so  that  they  can  take  appropriate  action,  such  as  bringing  the  patient  into  the  hospital  for  closer  examination  or  adjusting  his  or  her  medications.  the  organization  piloted  its  diabetes  monitoring  application  with  almost  40,000  diabetic  patients,  demonstrating  the  viability  of  the  platform.  next  on  the  agenda:  expanding  adoption  of  the  diabetes  pilot  and  extending  the  platform  to  support  other  conditions  such
__label__environmentmonitoring as  congestive  heart  failure,  chronic  obstructive  pulmonary  disease  copd,  and  high  blood  pressure,  among  others.  living  on  the  edge  its  morning  in  amsterdam.  an  employee  leaves  her  desk,  walking  casually  toward  a  break  room  in  the  office  building  where  she  works.  as  she  approaches,  a  custom  app  on  her  smartphone  engages  sensors  embedded  in  a  coffee  machine,  which  immediately  begins  dispensing  the  employees  preferred  blend,  complete  with  the  addins  she  desires.  when  the  employee  arrives  at  the  break  room,  her  custom  brew  is  waiting.  welcome  to  life  in  the  edge,  a  futuristic  office  structure  widely  known  as  the  worlds  smartest
__label__environmentmonitoring building.  completed  in  2014,  the  edgewhich  is  home  to  deloitte  netherlandsis  a  showplace  for  leadingedge  deployments  of  green  architecture  and  advanced  technology,  including  iot  applications.  the  innovative,  connected  lighting  panels  do  more  than  sip  minute  amounts  of  voltagethey  contain  some  28,000  sensors  that  detect  motion,  light,  temperature,  humidity,  and  even  carbon  dioxide  levels.  its  these  sensors,  providing  realtime  data,  that  make  the  edge  occupantfriendly.  the  sensors  allow  facility  managers  to  assess  how  and  when  certain  parts  of  the  building  are  being  used.  in  our  building,  it  and  facilities  management  are  a  combined  function,  explains  tim  sluiter,  property  manager,  it  and
__label__environmentmonitoring workplace  services,  deloitte  netherlands.  in  the  short  term,  collected  information  can  be  used  to  determine  where  cleaning  is  and  is  not  necessary  on  a  given  evening.  long  term,  emerging  patterns  showing  light  use  in  certain  locales  on  certain  days  can  lead  to  rooms  or  even  entire  floors  being  closed  off  to  save  energy.  iots  reach  within  this  building  extends  far  beyond  lighting  sensors.  when  employees  approach  the  edges  hightech  garage,  sensors  identify  their  vehicles  and  then  point  them  to  available  parking  spots.  throughout  the  garage,  sensorequipped  led  lights  brighten  and  dim  as  drivers  arrive  and  leave.  and  that  miraculous  coffee
__label__environmentmonitoring app?  it  doubles  as  a  digital  office  administrator  that  can  assign  daily  workspaces  that  best  fit  users  preferences  and  allows  them  to  control  the  brightness  of  the  lighting  above  their  work  surfaces  and  adjust  the  climate  of  their  particular  areas.  it  can  direct  people  throughout  the  buildingreading  a  meeting  location  from  ones  online  calendar,  for  example,  and  suggesting  a  route  to  get  there.  employees  can  even  use  the  app  to  track  their  progress  in  the  onsite  gym,  where  some  of  the  fitness  equipment  actually  feeds  generated  wattage  into  the  buildings  power  grid.  sluiter  stresses  that  personal  data  generated  by  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  app  cannot  be  accessed  by  managers  or  anyone  else.  privacy  laws  ensure  that  nobody  can  track  a  persons  whereabouts,  monitor  how  many  meetings  he  or  she  has  missed,  or  see  what  times  he  or  she  is  using  the  garage.  this  building  offers  the  technology  to  do  certain  things  that  would  make  tenants  lives  even  easier,  sluiter  says.  but  at  the  same  time,  its  extremely  important  to  protect  peoples  privacy  and  conform  to  the  law.  those  minimal  barriers  arent  hindering  the  edges  reputation.  our  aim  was  to  make  the  edge  the  best  place  to  work,  says  erik  ubels,  director
__label__environmentmonitoring of  it  and  workplace  services,  deloitte  netherlands.  our  meeting  areas  are  filling  up  because  every  client  and  employee  wants  to  experience  this  building.  its  not  too  small  yet,  but  the  economy  is  growing  and  the  building  is  getting  crowded.  its  possible  we  made  it  too  popular.  sandy  lobenstein  at  toyota,  we  are  all  about  mobility.  im  not  talking  just  about  car  ownership.  mobility  also  includes  public  transportation,  ridesharing,  hoverboards,  walkinganything  that  can  get  people  from  place  a  to  place  b  more  efficiently  and  safely.  mobility  is  truly  multimodal.  toyota  sees  the  iot  as  an  enabler  of  mobility,  and  we  are
__label__environmentmonitoring moving  very  quickly  to  embrace  its  potential.  big  data  generated  by  sensors  located  throughout  our  cars  will  help  engineers  develop  automobiles  that  think  for  themselves.  likewise,  dr.  gill  pratt,  the  chief  executive  officer  of  the  toyota  research  institute  tri,  and  other  researchers  at  tri,  will  leverage  iot  data  to  advance  the  science  of  intelligent  cars  as  we  move  into  the  future  mobility  of  autonomous  vehicles.  progress  in  these  areas  will  likely  deliver  autonomous  connected  cars  that  are  reliable,  safe,  and  fun  to  drive  when  you  want  to.  the  benefits  that  these  innovations  may  eventually  provide  to  everyday  drivers,  drivers  with
__label__environmentmonitoring special  needs,  and  to  seniors  could  be  lifeenabling.  toyota  is  no  stranger  to  connected  vehicle  technologies;  lexus  began  offering  connected  vehicles  in  2001.  today,  all  lexus  vehicles  are  connected,  which  enables  services  like  destination  assist,  which  links  drivers  to  live  agents  who  can  provide  directions  for  getting  from  point  a  to  point  b.  lexus  also  offers  sensordriven  car  health  reports  on  current  tire  pressure,  oil  levels,  and  maintenance  needs.  these  iot  applications  are  just  the  beginning.  cars  are  mechanical  products  built  with  mechanical  processes.  sensors  are  so  small  that  we  can  place  them  virtually  everywhere  on  cars.  and  what  if
__label__environmentmonitoring you  extend  the  same  sensor  technologies  that  monitor  tires  and  brakes  to  the  machines  used  to  build  vehicles  on  the  manufacturing  floor?  these  sensors  could  alert  production  leaders  that  there  is  a  problem  at  a  particular  station,  and  that  the  parts  manufactured  at  this  station  within  a  specific  time  frame  will  have  to  be  rebuilt.  as  for  new  offerings,  its  sometimes  hard  for  companies  to  wrap  their  heads  around  the  value  of  data.  for  example,  early  on,  everyone  assumed  consumers  wanted  apps  in  cars.  very  quickly,  the  auto  industry  realized  that  what  customers  actually  wanted  was  for  the  apps  on
__label__environmentmonitoring their  phones  to  work  in  their  cars  .  across  industries  and  sectors,  strategists,  designers,  and  decision  makers  typically  believe  that  current  approaches  and  systems  are  just  fine.  it  takes  visionand  a  considerable  amount  of  courageto  break  with  the  way  things  have  been  done  for  the  last  100  years  and  embrace  some  exotic  technology  that  promises  to  deliver  new  opportunities.  but  in  this  era  of  historic  technological  innovation,  all  companies  must  work  aggressively  to  reinvent  themselves  by  embracing  new  opportunities  and  compelling  visions  of  the  future.  this  is  exactly  what  toyota  is  doing  with  iot  and  mobility.  im  a  car  guy.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  high  school,  i  loved  working  under  the  hood  of  my  car,  which  was  the  embodiment  of  leadingedge  technology  at  that  point  in  my  life.  for  the  last  15  years,  we  amateur  mechanics  have  been  distracted  by  other  mechanical  wondersthe  kind  everyone  now  spends  their  days  staring  at  and  speaking  into.  thats  about  to  change.  connectivity  and  cool  new  services  are  going  to  make  cars  come  alive.  all  those  people  whove  developed  relationships  with  their  smartphones  are  about  to  fall  in  love  with  cars  all  over  again.  the  iot  connects  critical  infrastructure  that  has  been  previously  unconnected.  as  organizations  begin
__label__environmentmonitoring harnessing  these  connections  to  create  value,  they  may  also  add  functionality  to  iot  networks  that  will  make  it  possible  to  take  control  of  devices  and  infrastructure  remotely,  and  to  automate  monitoring  and  decisionmaking  within  certain  parameters  based  on  sensory  data.  make  no  mistake:  as  companies  put  iot  to  work,  the  smart,  connected  objects  they  deploy  offer  tremendous  opportunities  for  value  creation  and  capture.  those  same  objects,  however,  can  also  introduce  risksmany  of  them  entirely  newthat  demand  new  strategies  for  value  protection.  for  example,  every  new  device  introduced  in  an  iot  ecosystem  adds  a  new  attack  surface  or  opportunity  for  malicious
__label__environmentmonitoring attack,  thus  adding  additional  threat  vectors  to  a  list  that  already  includes  protecting  devices,  data,  and  users.  likewise,  identity  spoofingan  unauthorized  source  gaining  access  to  a  device  using  the  correct  credentialsmay  present  problems.  and  even  if  devices  arent  directly  compromised  but  experience  a  hardware  failure  or  a  bug  in  the  code,  they  should  be  able  to  fail  in  a  safe  way  that  doesnt  create  vulnerabilities.  moreover,  the  ecosystem  structures  that  organizations  often  rightfully  deploy  can  give  rise  to  vulnerabilities.  for  example,  iot  applications  typically  depend  on  the  closely  coordinated  actions  of  multiple  players,  from  vendors  along  the  supply  chain  to
__label__environmentmonitoring clients,  transport  agencies,  the  showroom,  and  enduse  customers.  vulnerabilities  exist  within  each  node  and  handoff  seam  between  sensors,  devices,  or  players.  it  should  not  be  assumed  that  partnersmuch  less  customershave  robust  mechanisms  in  place  to  maintain  data  confidentiality  and  guard  against  breaches.  in  the  face  of  these  and  other  challenges,  companies  can  take  several  steps  to  safeguard  their  ecosystems:  work  to  define  standards  for  interoperability:  refactor  with  care:  develop  clear  responsibilities  for  the  players  in  your  ecosystem:  get  to  know  your  data:  as  iot  gains  momentum,  many  organizations  find  themselves  paralyzed  by  the  sheer  volume  of  vendor  promises,  the  number
__label__environmentmonitoring of  novelty  examples  being  imported  from  the  consumer  realm,  and  by  an  overarching  conviction  that  something  real  and  importantyet  frustratingly  out  of  focusis  waiting  to  be  tapped  into.  to  maximize  value,  reduce  risk,  and  learn  fast,  those  just  beginning  their  iot  journey  should  follow  three  innovation  principles:  think  big,  start  small,  scale  fast:  think  big  ideate:  start  small  take  stock:  get  to  know  the  data  you  already  have:  pilot  your  ecosystem:  get  into  the  weeds:  scale  fast  adopt  an  agile  approach:  enhance  your  talent  model:  bring  it  home:  the  internet  of  things  holds  profound  potential.  it  is  a  futuristic  fantasy
__label__environmentmonitoring made  realthe  connected  home,  connected  workplace,  and  connected  government  come  to  life.  the  sheer  scope  of  iot  carries  countless  implications  for  business,  both  finite  and  abstract.  to  sidestep  such  distractions,  focus  on  solving  real  business  problems  by  creating  bounded  business  scenarios  with  deliberate,  measurable  value.  for  example,  how  can  you  use  iot  to  get  closer  to  customers  or  increase  efficiency  in  your  manufacturing  operations  or  supply  chain?  look  for  hidden  value  in  your  brownfields.  move  from  strategy  to  prototyping  as  quickly  as  possible.  only  real  data,  actual  users,  and  sensors  that  respond  with  actions  can  demonstrate  the  remarkable  value  proposition
__label__environmentmonitoring of  iot.  deloitte  consulting  llps  technology  consulting  practice  is  dedicated  to  helping  our  clients  build  tomorrow  by  solving  todays  complex  business  problems  involving  strategy,  procurement,  design,  delivery,  and  assurance  of  technology  solutions.  our  service  areas  include  analytics  and  information  management,  delivery,  cyber  risk  services,  and  technical  strategy  and  architecture,  as  well  as  the  spectrum  of  digital  strategy,  design,  and  development  services  offered  by  deloitte  digital.  learn  more  about  our  on  .  written  by:  ,  business  insider  india  inside  the  internet  of  things  industry  week  deloitte  review  crains  chicago  business  bloomberg  business  2015  global  report  share  article  highlights  see  something  interesting?
__label__environmentmonitoring simply  select  text  and  choose  how  to  share  it:  has  been  added  to  your  bookmarks.  has  been  removed  from  your  bookmarks.  an  article  titled  already  exists  in  the  bookmark  library  or  social  login  not  available  on  microsoft  edge  browser  at  this  time.  connect  your  social  accounts  or  services  industries  careers  2019.  see  for  more  information.  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  deloitte  touche  tohmatsu  limited,  a  uk  private  company  limited  by  guarantee  dttl,  its  network  of  member  firms,  and  their  related  entities.  dttl  and  each  of  its  member  firms  are  legally  separate  and  independent  entities.  dttl  also  referred  to
__label__environmentmonitoring as  deloitte  global  does  not  provide  services  to  clients.  in  the  united  states,  deloitte  refers  to  one  or  more  of  the  us  member  firms  of  dttl,  their  related  entities  that  operate  using  the  deloitte  name  in  the  united  states  and  their  respective  affiliates.  certain  services  may  not  be  available  to  attest  clients  under  the  rules  and  regulations  of  public  accounting.  please  see  to  learn  more  about  our  global  network  of  member  firms.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  ncbi  web  site  requires  javascript  to  function.  universit  degli  studi  di  parma,  dip.  ingegneria  e  architettura,  parco  area  delle  scienze  181/a,  43124  parma  pr,  italy  wimonitor  s.r.l,  via  g.  tacchi  1,  38068  rovereto  tn,  italy  national  research  council  of  italy,  via  moruzzi  1,  56124  pisa  pi,  italy  national  research  council  of  italy,  via  moruzzi  1,  56124  pisa  pi,  italy  ibm  research  zurich,  saeumerstrasse  4,  ch8803  rueschlikon,  switzerland  ibm  research  zurich,  saeumerstrasse  4,  ch8803  rueschlikon,  switzerland  ibm  research  zurich,  saeumerstrasse  4,  ch8803  rueschlikon,  switzerland  azienda  unita  sanitaria  locale  di  parma,  str.  quartiere,  2/a,  43125  parma  pr,  italy  azienda  unita  sanitaria
__label__environmentmonitoring locale  di  parma,  str.  quartiere,  2/a,  43125  parma  pr,  italy  lepida  s.c.p.a,  via  del  borgo  di  s.  pietro,  90/c,  40126  bologna  bo,  italy  universit  degli  studi  di  parma,  dip.  ingegneria  e  architettura,  parco  area  delle  scienze  181/a,  43124  parma  pr,  italy  universit  degli  studi  di  parma,  dip.  ingegneria  e  architettura,  parco  area  delle  scienze  181/a,  43124  parma  pr,  italy  this  paper  introduces  technical  solutions  devised  to  support  the  deployment  site  regione  emilia  romagna  dsrer  of  the  activage  project.  the  activage  project  aims  at  promoting  iot  internet  of  thingsbased  solutions  for  active  and  healthy  ageing.  dsrer  focuses  on  improving  continuity  of
__label__environmentmonitoring care  for  older  adults  65  suffering  from  aftereffects  of  a  stroke  event.  a  wireless  sensor  kit  based  on  wifi  connectivity  was  suitably  engineered  and  realized  to  monitor  behavioral  aspects,  possibly  relevant  to  health  and  wellbeing  assessment.  this  includes  bed/rests  patterns,  toilet  usage,  room  presence  and  many  others.  besides  hardware  design  and  validation,  cloudbased  analytics  services  are  introduced,  suitable  for  automatic  extraction  of  relevant  information  trends  and  anomalies  from  raw  sensor  data  streams.  the  approach  is  general  and  applicable  to  a  wider  range  of  use  cases;  however,  for  readabilitys  sake,  two  simple  cases  are  analyzed,  related  to  bed  and  toilet  usage
__label__environmentmonitoring patterns.  in  particular,  a  regression  framework  is  introduced,  suitable  for  detecting  trends  long  and  shortterm  and  labeling  anomalies.  a  methodology  for  assessing  multimodal  daily  behavioral  profiles  is  introduced,  based  on  unsupervised  clustering  techniques.  the  proposed  framework  has  been  successfully  deployed  at  several  realusers  homes,  allowing  for  its  functional  validation.  clinical  effectiveness  will  be  assessed  instead  through  a  randomized  control  trial  study,  currently  being  carried  out.  the  recent  increase  in  life  expectancy  is  a  result  of  continuous  improvements  of  quality  of  life  in  modern  industrialized  countries.  however,  due  to  a  simultaneous  decrease  in  birthrate,  a  new  trend  of  progressive  population  ageing
__label__environmentmonitoring has  emerged  in  such  countries  .  it  is  expected  that,  by  2020,  almost  25  of  the  eu  population  will  be  over  60  years,  and,  by  2060,  such  percentage  is  projected  to  increase  up  to  30  .  population  ageing  severely  challenges  social  and  healthcare  systems,  with  ict  information  and  communication  technologies  being  expected  to  contribute  to  foster  effective  solutions.  active  and  ambient  assisted  living  aal,  systems  emerged  to  address  these  issues,  aiming  at  making  home  environments  more  intelligent,  and  promoting  a  sustainable  model  of  independent,  augmented  living.  in  fact,  aal  techniques  come  in  many  flavors,  ranging  from  assistiveoriented  solutions  up  to
__label__environmentmonitoring preventionoriented  ones.  in  the  former  case,  an  aal  system  can  help  in  making  services  more  accessible,  by  compensating  physical  or  sensory  impairments  with  new  smart  devices.  for  example,  braincomputer  interfaces  have  been  integrated  within  aal  ecosystems  to  allow  severely  motorimpaired  users  to  achieve  communication  and  home  control  ,  ,  ,  exploiting  lowcost  and  easily  deployable  solutions  ,  .  on  the  other  hand,  aal  systems  can  also  play  an  important  role  in  prevention  and  active  monitoring,  especially  in  the  realm  of  smart  homes.  indeed,  smarthome  technologies  are  devoting  progressively  more  effort  in  monitoring  habits  and  behavioral  patterns  ,  :  many  automation
__label__environmentmonitoring functions  can  be  optimized  with  the  use  of  data,  such  as  the  activation  of  specific  home  functions,  aimed  at  comfort  or  energymanagement  purposes.  nonetheless,  smart  home  data  can  be  also  used  to  extract  information,  albeit  indirectly,  about  inhabitants  general  wellbeing  ,  .  very  simple  home  sensors  can  be  used  for  this  purpose,  posing  no  burden  on  the  enduser,  allowing  for  unobtrusive  and  continuous  monitoring  .  behavioral  analysis,  indeed,  may  be  regarded  as  an  effective  complement  to  more  conventional  health  monitoring  techniques,  such  as  telemedicine.  this  paper  presents  methodologies  and  results  for  the  activage  project  ,  funded  by  the  european  union
__label__environmentmonitoring horizon  2020  programme;  more  specifically,  the  italian  deployment  site  dsrer  is  presented,  based  in  the  emiliaromagna  region  rer,  aiming  at  introducing  ictenabled  services  into  the  current  practice  of  regional  health  service  ausl,  local  health  authority.  general  practitioners,  formal  caregivers,  care  and  casemanagers  are  involved  in  the  experimentation,  creating  an  iotaugmented  care  continuum  network.  the  dsrer  approach  is  actually  suitable  for  a  wide  range  of  use  cases;  however,  in  the  pilot  at  hand,  the  target  population  has  been  narrowed  to  older  adults  65  recovering  from  a  stroke  event,  and  still  suffering  from  its  aftereffects.  such  a  usecase  is,  indeed,  numerically  relevant:
__label__environmentmonitoring in  italy,  stroke  is  the  third  cause  of  death  approximately,  1012  of  all  deaths  per  year  ,  after  cardiovascular  diseases  and  neoplasms;  furthermore,  about  7000  stroke  adverse  events  are  recorded  each  year  in  the  emiliaromagna  region  .  the  dsrer  approach  aims  at  empowering  care  professional  with  additional  information  that  is  not  commonly  provided  in  current  care  practice,  namely  their  behavioral  routines.  such  information  can  not  be  directly  mapped  to  conventional  clinical  markers,  for  which  telemedicine  solutions  already  exist  and  are  commonly  used  e.g.,  blood  pressure  monitors,  pulse  oximeters  and  weight  scales,  among  others;  nonetheless,  changes  in  behavioral  habits  may  reflect
__label__environmentmonitoring changes  in  overall  wellbeing  of  a  person  e.g.,  sleep  routines,  toilet  usage  changes.  such  behavioral  information  can  be  acquired  in  a  continuous  fashion,  without  any  explicit  user  involvement  i.e.,  no  compliance  is  required,  in  contrast  to  selfadministered  measurements.  this  effectively  provides  contextual  information  which,  coupled  to  standard  care  practice,  may  help  in  providing  a  wider  overview  of  subjects  wellbeing  and  recovery  process.  the  main  contribution  of  this  paper  are  twofold:  first,  technical  and  architectural  solutions  involving  hardware  design  and  software/cloud  services  are  presented,  specifically  developed  to  enable  behavioral  data  acquisition  and  safe  storage.  then,  methodologies  for  data  analysis  are  presented;
__label__environmentmonitoring in  particular,  two  case  studies  are  reported,  for  conciseness  sake:  daily  rests  and  toilet  usage.  nonetheless,  such  methods  can  be  straightforwardly  adapted  to  many  different  analysis  on  data  and  behaviors  gathered  by  the  home  sensors.  analysis  of  reallife  data  allowed  to  validate  the  system  in  both  architectural  and  software  components.  the  rest  of  the  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  presents  methodologies  for  the  project,  discussing  the  choice  of  two  dsrer  services  to  be  analyzed,  providing  details  on  the  activage  study  design  and  evaluation,  as  well  as  introducing  the  iot  sensor  kit  technology,  the  supporting  cloud  environment  and  the  data  analytics
__label__environmentmonitoring components.  presents  the  results.  in  particular,  the  critical  issue  of  sensor  power  consumption  is  discussed.  an  example  of  daily  rest  pattern  assessment  is  also  shown,  validated  against  ground  truth.  toilet  usage  data  are  analyzed  by  means  of  a  unified  framework,  to  reliably  detect  statistically  significant  trends  linear  and  abrupt,  as  well  as  unexpected  data  points.  moreover,  results  of  pattern  clustering  and  anomalous  pattern  detection  are  presented,  based  on  data  coming  from  actual  activage  project  pilots.  finally,  draws  the  conclusions.  as  mentioned,  the  main  concept  of  the  activage  dsrer  project  consists  of  enhancing  current  care  management  practice  by  providing  insights  from
__label__environmentmonitoring userspecific  behavioral  analysis:  the  approach  aims  at  creating  a  multidimensional  vision  of  care,  allowing  for  a  more  sensible  personalization.  to  this  purpose,  a  comprehensive  framework  has  been  devised  and  implemented,  consisting  of:  a  set  of  iot  home  sensing  devices,  featuring  low  intrusiveness,  high  usability  and  low  cost;  a  cloud  infrastructure,  connecting  home  devices  to  the  behavioral  analysis  engines  run  by  the  care  provider;  a  set  of  methods  allowing  for  extracting  relevant  behavioral  information  from  raw  data  coming  from  sensors.  besides  technical  functionality,  it  is  relevant  to  assess  the  actual  benefit  brought  to  both  the  enduser  and  the  care  provider.  this
__label__environmentmonitoring depends  on  the  effective  integration  of  the  proposed  solution  into  the  care  ecosystem,  which  involves  a  large  number  of  different  stakeholders.  hence,  the  framework  strictly  needs  to  be  validated  against  realworld  use  cases:  within  the  scope  of  the  activage  dsrer  project,  a  comprehensive  trial  procedure  has  been  designed.  this  section  therefore  deals  with  the  framework  architecture  and  its  components,  as  well  as  with  the  trial  design.  all  technical  design  has  been  completed,  and  the  trial  is  currently  under  way.  functional  validation  results  are  available  already,  based  on  data  streams  coming  from  pilots.  assessing  evidence  of  clinicallyrelevant  outcomes  based  on  healthcare
__label__environmentmonitoring system  feedback  is  among  the  longterm  goals  of  the  current  trial  and  is  expected  at  a  later  stage.  the  iot  wireless  sensor  kit  is  composed  of  several  different  elements,  which  are  used  to  continuously  monitor  and  extract  relevant  behavioral  information.  in  order  to  minimize  the  installation  burden,  sensors  exploit  the  standard  wifi  ieee  802.11  b/g/n  communication  infrastructure.  while  most  diffused  home  sensing  networks  use  dedicated  networks  e.g.,  zigbee,  bluetooth,  zwave,  etc.,  the  wifi  option  allows  for  easily  connected  devices  to  the  main  home  network  i.e.,  sharing  common  infrastructure,  with  no  need  of  a  dedicated  home  sensor  hub.  this  makes  installation
__label__environmentmonitoring straightforward  and  reliable.  in  addition,  the  resulting  approach  is  highly  flexible  and  expandable,  with  no  need  for  reconfiguring  the  network  while  adding  or  removing  devices.  the  activage  dsrer  sensor  kit  currently  includes:  passive  infrared  pir  sensors  for  motion  detection,  suitable  for  tracing  room  occupancy.  such  sensors  are  deployed  in  users  home  by  fixing  them  to  a  wall  in  the  environment  where  motion  needs  to  be  captured  magnetic  contact  sensors,  useful  for  monitoring  open/close  states  of  different  objects.  for  example,  interactions  with  doors,  drawers  and  medical  cabinets  can  be  easily  detected  with  such  sensors.  bed  occupancy  sensor,  useful  in  tracing  sleeping
__label__environmentmonitoring patterns;  detection  of  presence  is  achieved  by  a  pressuresensitive  resistive  pad,  usually  placed  under  the  mattress.  such  signal  is  read  by  the  sensor  module,  attached  to  the  bed  frame.  chair  occupancy  sensor,  to  gather  information  on  how  much  time  and  when  a  user  sits  on  a  chair/armchair/sofa;  physical  sensing  technology  is  the  same  as  for  the  bed  occupancy  sensor.  toilet  presence  sensor,  specifically  developed  to  keep  track  of  daily  toilet  use.  the  sensing  element  is  an  active  ir  sensor  with  an  ir  illuminator  and  a  photodetector:  this  setup  guarantees  ranging  capability  and  can  be  much  more  selective  for  close  interactions
__label__environmentmonitoring detection,  with  respect  to  a  pir.  indeed,  the  sensor  is  fixed  in  close  proximity  to  the  toilet.  the  whole  sensor  family  was  designed  from  scratch,  taking  care  of  both  hardware  and  firmware  design.  this  was  necessary  since  no  commercial  wifi  sensor  kit  was  available,  providing  such  specific  functions.  in  addition,  interoperability  and  data  security  constraints  were  taken  into  consideration:  since  the  activage  project  deals  with  information  related  to  personal  health,  regulations  require  that  the  full  data  journey  is  known  and  the  information  is  stored  in  national  servers,  hosted  by  authorized  operators.  the  home  devices  kit  is  completed  by  a  pill
__label__environmentmonitoring dispenser,  suitable  for  reminding  the  user  at  medicinetaking  time  and  for  assessing  the  users  compliance  to  the  prescribed  therapy.  the  pill  dispenser  was  based  on  available  hardware,  and  its  software  was  updated  to  fit  the  project  environment  wifi  networking,  cloud  access.  the  home  infrastructure  thus  follows  a  genuine  iot  approach,  with  sensors  directly  connected  to  the  cloud,  without  any  intermediate  gateway.  at  any  time,  any  element  of  the  iot  wireless  sensor  kit  can  join  the  wifi  network  by  means  of  standard  wireless  protected  setup  wps  procedure,  which  simplifies  the  device  deployment.  all  devices  are  built  around  the  same  microcontroller  and
__label__environmentmonitoring network  processor  unit,  namely  the  cc3220  soc  system  on  chip  by  texas  instruments  dallas,  tx,  usa:  it  is  a  wifi  certified  product,  featuring  iot  networking  security,  device  identity  and  keys,  optimized  for  low  power  management.  the  certified  stack  implements  both  ipv4  and  ipv6  protocols,  with  industrystandard,  optimized  bsd  sockets  both  tcp  and  udp,  secured  by  ssl/tls.  data  transmission  towards  the  cloud  is  performed  using  the  mqtt  message  queue  telemetry  transport  communication  protocol.  mqtt  is  a  lightweight,  dataagnostic  protocol,  particularly  suitable  for  iot  applications,  since  it  it  relies  on  a  broker  for  exchanging  data  between  publishers  and  subscribers,  and  it  supports
__label__environmentmonitoring various  levels  of  quality  of  service  qos.  in  this  project,  all  messages  are  sent  with  a  qos  of  2,  i.e.,  they  are  sent  exactly  once,  with  a  unique  reception  confirmation.  the  mosquitto  mqtt  broker  was  chosen  to  receive  and  handle  all  device  communications,  since  it  is  a  mature  technology,  widelyadopted,  and  has  an  active,  opensource  community.  after  reaching  the  mqtt  broker,  a  fiware  iot  agent  parses  the  messages,  determines  the  sensorperson  association,  and  stores  the  payload  data  into  the  appropriate  data  base  db  table.  in  order  to  guarantee  data  security,  all  traffic  towards  the  cloud  is  encrypted  by  means  of
__label__environmentmonitoring ssl/tls  protocol:  certificates  signed  by  a  public  certification  authority  guarantee  the  identification  and  proper  authorization  of  devices.  to  keep  the  installation  in  users  homes  less  intrusive  as  possible,  all  devices  are  batterypowered:  besides  being  safer  in  terms  of  electrical  hazard,  the  absence  of  power  cords  allows  unconstrained  placement  of  sensors  in  the  home  environment.  nonetheless,  battery  operation  comes  with  its  own  disadvantages,  mainly  related  to  the  limited  energy  budget,  the  reduced  capability  in  terms  of  surge  current  sourcing  and  the  rate  of  self  discharge.  all  these  factors  have  a  great  impact  on  the  device  operating  time  and  pose  constraints  on
__label__environmentmonitoring devices  wifi  communications,  which  are,  by  far,  the  most  powerintensive  activities.  in  order  to  compensate  for  reduced  battery  current  sourcing  capability,  the  iot  wireless  sensor  kit  relies  on  supercapacitors  in  the  power  section,  which  makes  it  possible  to  use  primary  alkaline  cells,  this  reducing  maintenance  costs.  alkaline  batteries,  in  fact,  tend  to  exhibit  higher  esr  equivalent  series  resistance  and  generally  feature  a  more  rapid  performance  degradation,  compared  to  lithiumbased  ones.  at  the  very  end  of  their  discharge  curve,  the  alkaline  batterys  esr  is  so  high  that  it  prevents  high  output  current  sourcing:  this  can  seriously  hinder  device  operation  and  reliability
__label__environmentmonitoring faulty  connections.  the  adoption  of  supercapacitors  is  common  in  this  field  and  allows  for  offloading  batteries  from  supplying  high  peaks;  during  normal  operation,  batteries  will  approximately  supply  the  average  current  that  the  sensor  draws,  due  to  the  higher  source  impedance  with  respect  to  supercapacitors:  such  current  is  relatively  low,  given  that  the  sensor  dutycycle  is  minimal.  batteries  are  required  to  supply  high  currents  just  at  the  very  beginning  of  their  operation  i.e.,  to  charge  the  supercapacitor  up  to  rated  voltage,  when  the  esr  is  at  its  minimum.  this  architectural  pattern  effectively  exploits  the  full  battery  discharge  curve  even  in  the
__label__environmentmonitoring final,  highesr  region.  in  the  present  design,  two  470  mf,  4.2  v  rated  supercapacitor  units  are  stacked  in  series,  to  accommodate  a  4xaa  alkaline  battery  input.  this  provides  a  lowimpedance  path  to  supply  the  buck  regulator  high  amounts  of  transient  current,  required  during  the  transmission  phase.  finally,  power  saving  capability  is  achieved  mainly  through  two  factors:  careful  selection  of  lowpower  and  lowquiescent  current  devices.  for  instance,  fram  ferroelectric  random  access  memory  memory  is  leveraged  for  nonvolatile  storage,  due  to  their  lower  power  consumption  compared  to  flash  memories;  low  quiescent  current  switching  regulator  and  analog  signal  conditioning  ics  are  selected  as
__label__environmentmonitoring well,  to  keep  sleepmode  currents  as  low  as  possible.  efficient  scheduling  of  messages:  instead  of  streaming  data  e.g.,  movement  detected  by  a  pir  as  soon  as  an  event  occur,  such  information  is  temporarily  committed  to  onboard  nonvolatile  storage  and  sent  at  regular  intervals  e.g.,  hourly.  this  prevents  multiple  wifi  connection  and  disconnections,  effectively  lowering  average  radio  usage.  by  means  of  such  design  strategy,  battery  lifetime  well  in  the  practical  range  can  be  achieved,  in  the  order  of  several  months,  as  detailed  in  below.  the  overall  system  architecture  is  shown  in  :  it  is  built  around  the  regional  electronic  health  records
__label__environmentmonitoring platform  progetto  sole  ,  which  is  commonly  used  by  general  practitioners  to  manage  patients  records.  homesensors  data  are  sent  to  the  platform  via  secure  and  encrypted  channels,  where  they  are  stored  in  an  anonymized  fashion.  to  protect  data  privacy,  the  following  constraints  are  imposed  on  all  devices  connecting  to  the  cloud:  sensors  are  only  allowed  to  publish  data  and  cannot  retrieve  any  of  it;  a  restapi  interface  is  exposed  to  subscribers  interested  in  retrieving  data,  preventing  direct  interaction  with  the  db.  in  addition,  such  api  is  only  exposed  to  clients  within  the  projects  vpn  virtual  private  network  ,  thus  providing
__label__environmentmonitoring encrypted  and  secure  communication  only  to  authorized  subjects;  usergenerated  data  are  pseudoanonymized,  by  identifying  the  patterns  with  an  alphanumeric  id  and  by  only  saving  userpilot  association  in  a  secure  table,  accessible  only  to  designated  and  authorized  parties.  diagram  of  the  activage  dsrer  system  architecture,  interacting  with  the  fse  fascicolo  sanitario  elettronico,  the  patients  interface  to  regional  electronics  health  record  system  and  the  sole  network  the  interface  for  clinicians.  several  analytics  services  can  be  defined  some  of  them  being  described  in  below  that  query  anonymized  data  and  deliver  results  to  the  same  platform,  where  reports  are  securely  linked  to  the  proper
__label__environmentmonitoring subject.  in  particular,  the  analytics  results  are  uploaded  to  a  specific  section  of  electronic  health  record  ehr,  managed  by  local  health  authoritys,  implementing  the  security  measures  listed  above.  such  integration  allows  the  gp  to  seamlessly  access  the  analytics  insights  within  his  usual  patient  management  system.  in  addition,  relevant  outcomes  are  reported  in  the  enduser  interface  as  well  named  fascicolo  sanitario  elettronico,  fse  electronic  health  booklet.  in  order  to  guarantee  optimal  scalability  and  availability,  all  analytics  services  are  implemented  in  cloud  technology,  relying  on  the  ibm  cloud  platform.  although  suitable  for  unobtrusive  and  continuous  acquisition,  behavioral  data  produced  by  home  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring lacks  a  straightforward  and  absolute  interpretation,  especially  in  terms  of  correlation  with  health  and  wellness  status:  human  behaviors  are  inherently  variable,  from  person  to  person  and  from  time  to  time.  hence,  it  is  not  possible  to  define  an  absolute  reference  to  detect  behavioral  anomalies  and  features:  a  personalized  interpretation  scheme  is  needed.  apart  from  gross  anomalies,  relevant  trends  and  patterns  have  to  be  evaluated  in  a  relative  fashion,  i.e.,  by  checking  behavioral  changes  with  respect  to  individually  personalized  profiles.  this  calls  for  learning  capabilities  in  the  data  analytics  section.  recently,  artificial  intelligence  techniques  have  been  applied  to  smart  home  data,
__label__environmentmonitoring aiming  at  predicting  users  behavior  or  activity  .  for  example,  the  casas  system  was  specifically  designed  to  perform  activity  of  daily  living  adl  recognition  from  a  network  of  home  sensors:  good  results  were  achieved  with  support  vector  machine  svm  classifiers.  recognized  adls  can  also  represent  the  input  to  higherlevel  models  that  aim  at  assessing  the  regularity  of  a  users  pattern.  for  example,  in  ,  a  sensor  data  clustering  approach  is  adopted  to  obtain  insights  into  patterns  and,  at  the  same  time,  to  detect  deviant  ones.  moreover,  the  authors  in  demonstrate  that  the  extracted  daily  living  patterns  and  their  relative  changes
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  good  predictors  of  cognitive  and  mobility  tests  performed  by  clinicians.  in  the  literature,  adl  discovery  and  classification  typically  rely  on  two  factors:  i  a  large  number  of  sensors  especially  pir  motion  detectors,  ii  a  significant  corpus  of  userannotated  data.  both  such  conditions,  however,  are  hardly  compatible  with  reallife  scenarios,  due  to  obtrusiveness  constraints.  a  less  demanding  approach  could  be  to  use  very  specific  sensors  ,  more  expressive  from  a  semantic  point  of  view.  for  example,  electric  appliance  monitors,  pressure  pads,  etc.  can  be  more  straightforwardly  linked  to  specific  behavioral  features.  although  having  a  narrower  scope,  they  allow  a
__label__environmentmonitoring more  precise  and  finegrained  targeting  of  specific  actions.  within  the  activage  project  environment,  most  iot  sensors  introduced  in  provide  action  and  subjectspecific  information  indeed.  such  approach  is  particularly  suited  for  persons  living  alone  for  which  continuous  monitoring  is  especially  attractive.  when  multiple  persons  populate  the  monitoring  scene,  some  sensors  pir  and  toilet  presence  sensors,  most  notably  cannot  distinguish  between  different  persons.  trends  and  anomalies  can  be  considered  anyway,  but  care  in  the  interpretation  is  needed,  since  anomalies  may  be  triggered  by  other  users.  nonetheless,  detecting  such  conditions  in  aggregated  sense  is  still  important,  triggering  further  investigations  by  involved  care  managers.
__label__environmentmonitoring moreover,  it  is  worth  remarking  that  the  analyses  which  can  be  practically  carried  out  are  necessarily  unsupervised:  any  user  feedback  or  annotation  is  unfeasible  or  unpractical.  therefore,  all  analysis  methodologies  are  focused  on  data  interpretation  in  the  long  term,  rather  than  future  data  prediction:  this  is,  indeed,  particularly  useful  for  care  managers,  who  need  to  analyze  current  behaviors  and  detect  meaningful  deviations  within  them.  as  mentioned,  the  dsrer  approach  is  applicable  to  many  different  target  behaviors;  however,  for  clearer  presentation  purposes,  the  following  subsections  focus  on  two  aspects:  toilet  usage  and  bed/rest  routines,  which  were  suggested  by  stakeholders  interviewed  in
__label__environmentmonitoring cocreation  sessions  as  important  factors  to  be  quantitatively  and  qualitatively  monitored  in  poststroke  treatment.  monitoring  sleep  habits  of  individuals  after  the  stroke  event  is  relevant  indeed:  sleep  disorders,  such  as  hypersomnia,  excessive  daytime  sleepiness  and  insomnia  are  observed  in  up  to  40  of  individuals  with  chronic  stroke  defined  as  more  than  six  months  following  stroke  and  70  of  those  with  acute  stroke  .  proper  resting  is  key  to  physical  and  mental  health  indeed  ,  ,  :  sleep  disturbances  can  lead  to  shortterm  and  longterm  negative  patient  outcomes  ,  may  reduce  the  ability  to  learn  new  motor  skills  and  increase  the
__label__environmentmonitoring risk  of  a  stroke  relapse  .  detailed  studies  on  sleep  quality  analysis  are  available  in  the  literature,  based  on  complex  polysomnography  setups  ,  radiofrequency  imaging  or  video  analysis  .  such  approaches,  however,  do  not  fit  well  in  the  dsrer  approach,  which  focuses  on  lowcost,  lowintrusive  and  selfmanageable  solutions  instead.  similarly,  monitoring  of  toilet  usage  patterns  is  relevant  for  the  population  at  hand.  many  studies  in  literature  confirm  that  up  to  25  of  acute  poststroke  patients  experience  urinary  incontinence  problems  even  one  year  after  the  adverse  event.  this  condition  was  also  found  positively  linked  with  of  increased  morbidity,  disability,  and  institutionalization
__label__environmentmonitoring rates  in  the  poststroke  patient  .  it  is  worth  underlining  that  such  indicators  do  not  automatically  trigger  any  action  or  therapy  adjustment,  but  they  just  provide  the  gp  or  the  caremanager  with  deeper  insights  about  changes  and  anomalies  in  patients  lifestyle,  drawing  their  attention  towards  details  which  might  remain  unnoticed  otherwise.  evaluating  such  information  into  the  general  framework  of  patients  health  is  the  responsibility  of  skilled  professionals,  who  can  assess  their  relevance  in  a  personalized  picture.  the  dsrer  approach  is  general,  and  the  methodologies  detailed  in  the  next  sections  can  be  easily  adapted  to  many  different  use  cases  behavior;  however,
__label__environmentmonitoring for  conciseness  sake,  the  rest  of  the  paper  will  focus  on  bed/rest  routines  and  toilet  usage,  which  will  serve  as  application  examples  for  analytics  methods  explanation  it  was  considered  that  the  number  of  daily  and,  possibly,  nightly  toilet  visits  should  be  counted  and  monitored,  looking  for  meaningful  behavioral  changes,  possibly  correlated  to  health  issues.  given  the  nature  of  the  problem  at  hand,  the  natural  framework  for  carrying  out  such  explanatory  analysis  is  generalized  linear  models  glm.  in  particular,  the  special  case  of  poisson  regression  is  used,  since  it  accounts  for  discretevalued  observations.  poisson  regression  assume  that  the  count  data  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  modeled  as  independently  poisson  distributed  random  variables,  under  the  effect  of  k  covariates  :  where  is  a  vector  of  parameters  for  the  k  covariates,  plus  a  bias  term  fitted  on  observed  data.  in  particular,  it  is  known  that  the  conditional  mean  count,  given  the  vector  of  covariates  is:  it  is  also  known  that  the  marginal  effect  of  a  single  factor  is  multiplicative,  i.e.,  a  unit  increment  of  a  given  covariate  j  results  in  a  multiplication  of  the  expected  counts  by  a  factor  equal  to  the  given  parameter  .  in  the  case  at  hand,  at  each  point  in  time  ,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  last  30  daily  counts  are  modeled  using  the  poisson  regression  framework,  under  the  effect  of  a  bias  term  baseline  and  three  covariates:  an  abrupt  trend  ,  focusing  on  the  most  recent  days  e.g.,  the  last  5.  an  intermediate  period,  before  the  abrupt  trend  that  allows  for  accounting  for  a  past  abrupt  trend,  without  raising  the  baseline  too  much.  a  linear  trend  ,  to  model  longterm  trends  over  the  whole  window.  this  model  is  useful  to  reliably  detect  the  presence  of  statistically  significant  factors,  such  as  recent,  abrupt  behavior  changes.  for  the  analysis,  only  statistically  significant  factors  are  retained  i.e.,
__label__environmentmonitoring with  a  p  value  0.05  and  used  for  model  fitting,  ensuring  proper  explanatory  power.  if,  for  example,  a  significant  abrupt  or  linear  trend  is  detected  by  the  model,  an  alert  can  be  triggered  to  automatically  notify  care  professionals.  at  the  same  time,  data  points  that  fall  too  far  from  the  predicted  mean  counts  e.g.,  outside  the  region  that  contains  95  of  the  distribution  at  that  time  point  can  be  labeled  and  reported  as  unexplained,  possibly  worthy  of  further  analysis.  of  course,  such  regression  frameworks  can  be  easily  adapted  to  realvalued  values.  for  example,  the  rests  analysis  service  ras  aims  at
__label__environmentmonitoring providing  personalized  periodic  reports  on  bed  usage,  in  order  to  identify  significant  individual  changes  in  the  short  and  long  term.  the  service  analyzes  data  collected  by  bed  occupancy  sensors  and,  if  available,  it  combines  them  with  information  from  other  sensors,  in  order  to  confirm  user  movements  or  absence  from  bed,  therefore  reducing  errors.  short  bed  presences,  unrelated  to  sleep  activity  as  it  frequently  happens  in  reallife  data,  are  filtered  out.  on  the  other  hand,  data  fusion  from  other  sensors  is  leveraged  to  confirm  the  end  of  a  rest  period.  furthermore,  the  extracted  information  about  factor  strengths  and  intercepts  may  act
__label__environmentmonitoring as  descriptive  statistics  in  higherlevel  models.  for  example,  it  is  possible  to  cluster  different  subjects  into  groups  based  on  their  features  extracted  with  the  help  of  such  models:  this  can  deliver  further  insights  to  care  managers,  which  may  detect  similarities  between  care  cases.  comparison  between  time  series  of  different  periods  or  different  subjects  is  also  supported  by  means  of  cosine  similarity  scores.  another  important  aspect  in  the  analysis  of  users  behavior  is  the  monitoring  of  temporal  patterns,  i.e.,  habits  or  routines.  actually,  users  may  exhibit  different  habits,  variable  from  person  to  person  and,  for  the  same  person,  from  time  to
__label__environmentmonitoring time.  even  though  explained  in  the  following  by  means  of  the  rest  analysis  example,  this  is  a  general  topic,  applicable  to  all  data  streams  from  the  iot  sensor  kit.  with  reference  to  resting  habits,  the  necessity  of  modeling  daylong  patterns  arises  from  the  following  considerations:  for  instance,  in  some  cases,  people  rest  in  bed  only  overnight,  whereas  in  some  others  daytime  naps  may  be  taken.  such  routines  might  also  shift  temporally  or  dilate/shrink  in  duration.  thus,  it  is  not  possible  to  account  for  all  these  variabilities  with  just  a  single  indicator  e.g.,  amount  of  time  in  bed.  in  order  to
__label__environmentmonitoring process  such  information  within  a  unified  framework,  sensor  profiles  sp  are  introduced.  by  breaking  up  a  day  into  a  suitable  number  of  time  bins  e.g.,  15,  30  or  60  min  intervals,  sp  model  the  expected  probability  of  having  a  sensor  active  within  each  bin.  it  is  worth  remarking  that  the  main  purpose  of  sp  analysis  is  to  capture  temporal  habits  rather  than  computing  precise  events  duration.  indeed,  each  time  bin  carries  the  information  whether  the  given  sensor  was  seen  sufficiently  active  in  that  time  frame  either  a  minimum  number  of  activations  or  minimum  continuous  active  time:  this  allows  for  discarding
__label__environmentmonitoring short  or  nonmeaningful  interactions.  the  choice  of  the  sp  bin  size  plays  an  important  role:  setting  bins  that  are  too  long  may  lead  to  a  suppression  of  relevant  behavioral  information,  whereas  bins  that  are  too  short  may  yield  noisy  estimates.  a  bin  width  of  30  min  was  selected  as  good  tradeoff  for  sleeppattern  analysis.  sp  are  then  constructed  as  follows:  for  each  bin,  for  each  day,  if  the  bed  sensor  is  seen  active  for  at  least  min,  it  is  marked  as  a  positive  realization  for  that  day  i.e.,  a  value  of  1  is  associated  with  the  bin;  otherwise,  it  is
__label__environmentmonitoring marked  as  a  negative  realization  i.e.,  a  value  of  0.  thus,  each  time  bin  can  be  represented  as  a  random  variable  ,  whose  realizations  are  drawn  according  to  the  following  rule:  where  is  the  ith  realization,  corresponding  to  day  i  ,  of  the  jth  time  bin,  is  the  time  the  bed  sensor  was  active  i.e.,  person  laying  in  bed  on  day  i  in  time  bin  j  .  it  is  then  straightforward  to  model  the  time  bin  as  a  random  variable:  the  probability  parameter  p  can  then  be  interpreted  as  the  expected  probability  of  finding  the  subject  in  bed  during  the
__label__environmentmonitoring considered  time  bin.  applying  the  principle  of  maximum  likelihood  estimation  mle,  it  is  well  known  that  ,  where  is  the  estimated  probability  parameter,  are  the  number  of  positive  realizations  i.e.,  days  with  the  sensor  seen  active,  during  the  considered  time  bin,  and  n  is  the  total  number  of  realizations  i.e.,  days.  of  course,  the  underlying  simplifying  assumption  is  that  each  day  is  independent  of  the  others.  confidence  intervals  can  also  be  estimated,  in  order  to  quantify  the  parameter  uncertainty.  the  procedure  can  be  repeated  for  each  time  bin  ,  with  ,  therefore  modeling  the  probability  of  bed  presence  throughout  the
__label__environmentmonitoring day.  the  sp  framework  also  lends  itself  well  to  detect  behavioral  pattern  changes.  in  fact,  two  periods  may  be  compared  to  detect  statistically  significant  deviations  in  time  bin  estimated  probabilities.  for  each  couple  of  time  bins  ,  with  associated  probabilities  ,  it  is  possible  to  compare  them  by  applying  the  binomial  proportion  statistical  hypothesis  testing  framework.  this  can  take  the  form  of  analytic  tests,  such  as  chisquare,  or  other  bayesian  methods  using  mcmc  markov  chain  monte  carlo  simulations,  which  can  be  more  robust  i.e.,  less  extreme  in  reduced  sample  size  problems.  the  resulting  p  values  can  adjusted  using  the  holmbonferroni
__label__environmentmonitoring procedure,  in  order  to  account  for  multiple  comparisons  of  all  time  bins.  the  sp  framework  also  allows  for  performing  daily  pattern  clustering.  as  previously  mentioned,  considering  a  feature  vector  composed  of  daily  time  bins  realizations  where  superscript  i  is  referred  to  a  single  day,  it  is  possible  to  perform  pattern  clustering  by  means,  for  example,  of  agglomerative  clustering.  this  procedure  allows  for  relaxing  the  assumption  about  the  existence  of  a  unique,  average  behavior:  a  person  may  exhibit  more  than  one  pattern.  for  example,  a  user  may  spend  more  time  in  bed  during  weekends,  or  may  want  to  take  a  short
__label__environmentmonitoring rest  in  bed  after  lunch.  this  analysis  may  provide  further  insights  on  subjects  habits.  finally,  within  the  sp  framework,  it  is  also  possible  to  derive  a  novelty  score  ns,  to  detect  changes  of  a  single  day  with  respect  to  a  reference  period.  in  particular,  let  us  suppose  to  have  extracted  a  prototype  pattern  from  said  reference  period,  represented  by  a  vector  each  is  the  mle  estimate  of  the  time  bins  probability  parameter.  as  mentioned  above,  for  a  given  day  i  ,  let  us  then  consider  its  vector  of  realizations  ;  by  assuming  conditional  independence  between  time  bins  j  ,  it
__label__environmentmonitoring is  possible  to  compute  the  loglikelihood  of  a  day  ,  with  respect  to  the  model  ,  as  the  sum  of  the  loglikelihoods  of  each  time  bin  realization  .  the  negative  loglikelihood  can  then  be  taken  as  the  ns  indicator:  the  greater  the  difference  of  the  dayvector  with  respect  to  the  reference  prototype  ,  the  higher  the  ns  score  is.  this  allows  for  flagging  deviant  days  as  those  with  a  sufficiently  high  ns  score.  as  previously  mentioned,  the  activage  dsrer  project  was  designed  to  eventually  evaluate  iotbased  behavioral  monitoring  as  a  mean  for  improving  care  continuity  of  persons  undergoing  stroke  recovery.
__label__environmentmonitoring besides  technological  innovation,  chances  of  practical  success  of  the  approach  strictly  depend  on  the  effective  integration  into  current  care  practices.  this  involves  acceptance  from  care  professionals  and  seamless  cooperation  with  existing  caresupporting  tools  e.g.,  electronic  health  record  management:  a  usercentric  service  design  methodology  was  strictly  followed  in  devising  service  features,  directly  involving  general  practitioners  gp,  neurologists,  formal  caregivers,  physiotherapists  and  actual  patients.  actual  impact  of  activage  service  in  improving  care  effectiveness,  instead,  needs  to  be  verified  through  a  posteriori  rigorous  evaluation  of  trial  outcomes.  thus,  the  proposed  approach  was  formally  designed  as  a  clinical  study,  adopting  a  strict  randomized  controlled
__label__environmentmonitoring trial  rct  protocol.  all  methodologies  and  evaluation  procedures  were  submitted  to  the  local  health  authoritys  lha  ethical  committee,  receiving  full  approval  resolution  nr.  0002775,  dated  16/01/2018.  up  to  200  strokerecovery  patients  are  being  recruited,  consisting  of  over65  years  old  persons  with  an  assessed  vulnerability  index  from  vulnerable  up  to  moderately  frail  levels  46  over  a  full  range  of  9.  as  of  rct  protocol,  recruited  subjects  are  split  into  active  and  control  groups,  following  a  blind  randomization  process  to  eliminate  any  selection  bias.  both  populations  will  undergo  the  standard  protocols  for  stroke  recovery;  in  addition,  for  the  active  group,  such  standard
__label__environmentmonitoring care  practices  are  integrated  with  behavioral  analysis  components.  data  management  is  compliant  with  eu  regulations,  with  details  about  organizational  and  legal  issues  going  beyond  the  scope  of  this  paper.  in  order  to  assess  the  impact  of  the  activage  solution,  several  performance  indexes  are  compared  among  two  groups,  including,  for  instance,  the  rehospitalization  rate,  days  spent  at  the  hospital,  and  complications  related  to  comorbidities.  in  addition,  periodic  assessment  of  the  patient  condition  are  carried  out  by  means  of  clinicallyvalidated  questionnaires,  including:  barthel  index  for  activities  of  daily  living  adl  performance  scoring,  the  lawton  instrumental  activities  of  daily  living  scale  iadl  for
__label__environmentmonitoring assessing  ability  to  perform  task  using  common  appliances,  the  kane  scale  for  social  interaction  assessment  and  the  ucla  loneliness  scale  .  a  detailed  discussion  of  such  indicators  falls  beyond  the  scope  of  this  technical  paper:  they  are  mentioned  here  to  highlight  that  the  outcome  evaluation  is  carried  out  on  a  multidimensional  perspective,  including  evaluation  tools  commonly  used  in  the  application  context.  conforming  to  familiar  work  environment  and  tools  should  foster  acceptance  by  the  care  professional  indeed.  in  this  section,  selected  results  are  discussed,  related  to  both  the  hardware  and  software  components  of  the  activage  framework.  in  particular,  power  performance  of
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  sensors  is  illustrated,  as  a  key  issue  for  practical  and  effective  deployment  at  the  actual  users  homes.  then,  some  analytics  examples  are  shown  among  many  possible  to  demonstrate  how  different  techniques  are  used  to  provide  caregivers  and  care  professional  with  expressive  and  meaningful  information,  breaking  down  the  complexity  of  directly  dealing  with  raw  sensor  data.  wifi  sensors  are  becoming  increasingly  popular,  as  an  effective  mainstreaming  option  for  many  application  fields  home  automation,  most  notably.  however,  the  high  bandwidth  supported  by  such  protocol  usually  comes  at  the  cost  of  relatively  high  power  consumption.  hence,  in  order  to  implement  batterypowered  devices
__label__environmentmonitoring in  a  usable  fashion,  special  care  needs  to  be  devoted  in  energy  budget  administration.  as  mentioned  in  ,  lowpower  design  solutions  were  exploited:  their  impact  is  briefly  analyzed  in  the  following.  current  consumption  of  iot  sensors  was  measured  under  different  conditions:  in  fact,  depending  on  the  task  being  performed  such  as  radio  communication,  event  logging,  sleep,  or  on  the  type  of  sensing  element  i.e.,  contact  or  ir  different  power  demands  are  needed.  summarizes  such  measures.  device  current  consumption  under  different  conditions  as  expected,  data  transmission  is,  by  far,  the  most  power  demanding  activity,  with  up  to  290  ma  being  sourced.
__label__environmentmonitoring to  limit  transmission  phases,  data  are  grouped  in  bursts  to  be  transmitted  at  periodic  intervals,  as  introduced  in  .  burstbased  transmission  greatly  reduces  transmission  overhead,  with  respect  to  a  singleevent  asynchronous  approach:  for  the  example,  at  hand,  a  signaling  interval  of  1  hour  was  chosen  as  a  good  tradeoff  between  power  saving  issues  and  prompt  information  update.  it  is  indeed  worth  remarking  that  no  information  is  lost:  sensor  data  are  just  temporarily  stored,  along  with  its  timestamp,  until  the  next  transmission  burst.  from  the  ,  it  is  also  evident  that  power  consumption  depends  on  the  kind  of  sensor:  as  expected,
__label__environmentmonitoring more  current  is  required  to  operate  infrared  sensors  toilet,  pir,  with  respect  to  contactbased  ones,  also  because  of  the  need  in  the  former  case  of  continuous  polling.  therefore,  choice  of  the  polling  interval  impacts  the  overall  power  consumption:  an  period  of  30  s  was  found  to  be  reasonable  for  assessing  toilet  presence  while  allowing  to  enter  powersaving  sleep  mode  during  off  time,  in  which  supply  currents  are  reduced  by  a  couple  of  orders  of  magnitude.  in  ,  the  adoption  of  supercapacitors  is  introduced  to  deal  with  momentarily  current  surges,  not  supported  by  aged  batteries.  we  tested  such  condition  by  faking
__label__environmentmonitoring the  higher  esr  of  a  nearlyexhausted  battery  by  inserting  a  3.7  series  resistor  between  battery  terminals  and  the  supercapacitors.  then,  we  powered  up  the  device,  and  left  intentionally  the  device  in  the  wifi  network  scan  phase  to  account  for  high  current  draw.  shows  such  device  powerup  transient,  with  the  system  correctly  turning  on  even  though  the  battery  performance  is  severely  degraded.  a  large  current  peak  is  initially  observed,  followed  by  an  exponential  decay,  corresponding  to  supercapacitors  charging.  current  settles  around  80  ma,  namely  the  average  current  drawn  by  the  wifi  network  scan  state  in  which  the  device  was  intentionally  left.
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  sensor  powerup.  a  large  current  peak  is  observed  blue  line,  left  y  axis,  corresponding  to  the  supercapacitors  charge  current;  meanwhile  the  bus  voltage  red  line,  right  y  axis,  which  is  connected  to  the  supercapacitors,  rampsup  to  the  nominal  value.  after  charging,  the  current  then  settles  around  an  average  of  80  ma,  while  the  sensor  scans  wifi  networks  for  joining.  to  predict  actual  battery  lifetime,  accelerated  tests  were  conducted,  by  accounting  for  more  activity  i.e.,  higher  on/sleep  dutycycles  and  more  frequent  data  transmission:  based  on  such  test,  it  is  estimated  that,  in  a  typical  scenario,  all  sensors  should  feature  a
__label__environmentmonitoring battery  lifetime  well  over  six  months;  the  toilet  sensor  which  is  the  more  powerhungry  device  should  run  for  over  seven  months,  whereas  remaining  ones  should  approach  a  oneyear  lifetime.  of  course,  even  better  performance  can  be  obtained  by  dedicated  sensornetwork  protocols:  nevertheless,  the  measured  figures  fall  in  the  practical  range,  indeed;  furthermore,  such  a  relative  drawback  is  largely  compensated  by  advantages  in  terms  of  ease  of  installation  and  maintenance,  as  well  as  interoperability  and  expandability.  the  recruitment  of  endusers  and  deployment  of  sensors  at  their  homes  is  under  way:  at  the  time  of  writing,  18  different  pilots  have  been  installed
__label__environmentmonitoring and  started  to  produce  meaningful  data  an  initial  latency  time  is  needed  to  allow  for  learning.  each  pilot  involves  at  least  three  users:  the  elderly  person,  his  caregiver  and  a  care  manager  or  gp.  hence,  about  50  users  have  been  involved  in  the  described  pilot  subset.  each  pilot  is  equipped  with  the  complete  sensor  kit  described  above.  apart  from  pill  dispenser  which  carry  specific  information,  not  exploited  for  behavioral  analysis  80  sensors  are  considered  here,  summing  up  to  a  total  of  8970  sensor  usage  days.  within  such  figure,  8231  days  i.e.,  91.7  exhibited  ideal  behavior,  with  all  scheduled  transmissions  properly
__label__environmentmonitoring completed.  it  is  worth  remarking  that  a  missed  transmission  does  not  necessarily  imply  a  data  loss:  data  are  stored  in  local  memory  and  retransmitted  at  the  following  period  end.  the  buffering  capacity  of  the  local  sensor  memory  depends  on  the  density  of  sensor  data:  if,  for  the  sake  of  simplicity,  we  assume  such  capacity  being  in  the  order  of  one  day  of  sensor  data  which  is  a  quite  conservative  figure  indeed,  with  most  of  sensors  being  able  to  properly  operate  over  longer  network  blackouts  and  consider  as  severe  transmission  issues  those  exceeding  such  buffer  capacity,  we  find  just  17  such
__label__environmentmonitoring events  i.e.,  0.19.  the  cause  of  transmission  fails  does  not  necessarily  come  from  sensors  themselves:  the  whole  chain  needs  to  be  accounted  for.  therefore,  such  figure  depends  on  a  number  of  factors,  including  the  home  wifi  coverage,  proper  maintenance  of  devices  and  quality  of  internet  services  provision.  overall,  the  proposed  approach  when  deployed  in  a  realworld  context  exhibits  a  satisfactory  reliability,  more  than  sufficient  for  enabling  the  aimed  continuous  monitoring  features.  it  is  worth  highlighting  that,  in  order  to  assess  the  impact  on  clinical  practice,  much  more  factors  come  into  play,  which  are  not  covered  here:  organizational  issues,  as  well
__label__environmentmonitoring as  caregiver  subjective  perception,  will  be  assessed  through  questionnaires  and  focus  groups  at  a  later  stage  of  the  project.  raw  sensor  data  require  thorough  processing  in  order  to  extract  meaningful  insights:  relevant  behavioral  anomalies  and  trends  need  to  be  automatically  recognized  and  brought  to  the  users  or  caregivers  attention.  in  addition,  their  relevance  needs  to  be  assessed  on  a  relative  basis,  by  comparing  current  data  with  learned  habits.  in  this  section,  a  few  results  are  shown,  for  illustrative  purposes:  a  much  wider  range  of  information  is  inherently  available  though.  as  stated,  toilet  habits  are  potentially  relevant  to  health  assessment:  daily
__label__environmentmonitoring count  data  from  toilet  usage  of  real  patients  were  analyzed  by  means  of  the  poisson  regression  framework  introduced  above.  the  analysis  is  carried  out  in  a  rolling  fashion,  i.e.,  at  each  day,  the  last  30  days  of  count  data  are  used  to  build  and  fit  the  explanatory  model:  results  of  trend  detection  and  anomalies  are  referenced  to  the  last  day  and  saved  each  time  the  analysis  advances  by  one  step.  shows  the  outcomes  of  such  dailyrolling  regression  analyses,  applied  to  a  real  patient  monitoring  data.  a  meaningful  time  frame  has  been  selected,  highlighting  occurrence  of  an  actual  behavioral  anomaly  and
__label__environmentmonitoring showing  how  the  system  accounts  for  it.  the  blue,  dotted  line  represents  the  predicted  mean  counts,  explained  by  the  statistically  significant  factors,  relative  to  the  last  day  day  1  in  the  graph  accounts  for  the  previous  30  days,  not  shown.  for  each  daily  step,  the  last  day  likelihood  is  computed,  given  the  fitted  model:  if  it  is  such  that  the  point  is  outside  the  interval  of  the  95  most  probable  values,  the  point  marked  in  red  in  the  graph  is  labeled  as  unexplained  and  signaled  for  further  potential  analysis.  the  outlyingness  threshold  can  be  adjusted  to  make  the  system  more
__label__environmentmonitoring reactive,  if  needed.  to  better  evaluate  anomalies,  however,  it  is  convenient  to  check  for  more  expressive  trend  indicators:  both  longterm  and  abrupt  trend  could  indicate  clinicallyrelevant  changes  and  are  shown  in  figure.  in  the  case  at  hand,  the  longterm,  linear  trend  does  not  suggest  any  slow  behavioral  change,  whereas  some  unexpected  events  happen  at  around  day  30:  initially,  the  system  recognizes  some  abnormal  days,  and  then  evaluates  them  as  an  abrupt  behavioral  change  i.e.,  different  from  singularities,  shown  by  the  black  dashed  line.  the  trend  is  expressed  as  a  relative  increase/decrease,  with  respect  to  the  baseline:  statistically  significant  changes  are
__label__environmentmonitoring highlighted  by  the  shaded  area.  such  information  can  be  exploited  to  properly  and  promptly  warn  the  caregiver  and,  at  the  same  time,  to  suitably  update  the  model.  subsequent  days  prediction  are  thus  accordingly  adjusted,  avoiding  the  anomaly  to  result  in  multiple  detections.  analysis  of  toilet  count  data  by  a  rolling  poisson  regression  model:  blue  dotted  line  represents  the  predicted  mean  counts.  a  significant  abrupt  trend  is  detected  in  the  last  days  the  region  is  highlighted  by  the  orange  area,  whereas  the  effect  of  the  abrupt  trend  is  shown  by  the  black  dashed  line,  along  with  the  linear  one,  in  solid
__label__environmentmonitoring gray.  data  points  not  properly  explained  by  the  model  are  highlighted  in  red.  similarly,  the  regression  framework  can  also  be  successfully  applied  to  the  analysis  of  rests;  however,  for  conciseness  sake,  we  do  not  report  here  further  examples  and  focus  on  the  application  of  the  sensor  profile  sp  methodology  introduced  in  .  sp  may  provide  a  more  comprehensive  insight  about  users  habits  and  related  changes;  such  methodology  was  applied  to  data  coming  from  real  activage  project  monitored  environments.  in  order  to  validate  the  approach,  bed  presence  sp  was  constructed,  with  a  time  resolution  of  30  min.  i.e.,  each  sp  trace
__label__environmentmonitoring represents  the  probability  of  finding  the  subject  in  bed  at  a  given  time  of  the  day.  agglomerative  clustering  was  applied  to  the  extracted  sensor  traces,  in  order  to  mine  recurrent  and  characteristic  patterns.  a  cosine  similarity  metric  is  used  to  compare  daily  traces,  and  the  optimal  number  of  clusters  is  automatically  selected  according  to  two  criteria:  in  order  to  be  considered,  a  cluster  should  have  at  least  samples  in  this  example,  ;  the  parameter  that  maximizes  the  average  silhouette  score  of  valid  clusters  according  to  criterion  1  is  selected.  shows  the  results  of  clustering  operation,  where  a  parameter  was  determined
__label__environmentmonitoring from  data,  indicating  the  existence  of  two  main  clusters,  corresponding  to  frequent  behavioral  patterns.  each  cluster  represents  an  sp  trace  as  a  function  of  time:  solid  lines  represent  the  mle  estimate  i.e.,  probability  of  bed  utilization  at  that  specific  time,  whereas  shaded  areas  quantify  the  uncertainty  of  those  estimates  95  confidence  intervals.  it  is  worth  remarking  that  time,  on  the  x  axis,  refers  to  the  utc  timezone:  actual  local  time  of  the  subject  under  analysis  is  utc1.  sp  visualizations,  resulting  from  datadriven  pattern  clustering.  average  sp  are  plotted  as  solid  lines,  representing  the  probability  of  having  the  person  resting  in
__label__environmentmonitoring bed  at  each  point  in  time  for  the  day.  shaded  area,  instead,  represent  the  uncertainty,  in  the  form  of  95  confidence  intervals,  in  such  pointwise  probability  estimate.  the  time  in  x  axis  is  referred  to  utc,  whereas  the  pilot  timezone  is  utc1.  the  deviations  between  the  two  pattern  clusters,  from  12:30  p.m.  to  2:00  p.m.  utc  are  found  to  be  statistically  significant  .  from  the  analysis  of  aggregated  sp  traces,  two  different  sleep  routines  emerge:  in  both  clusters,  the  user  wakes  up  at  about  7:00  a.m.,  and  returns  to  bed  at  about  9:30  p.m.  just  after  lunchtime,  instead,  cluster  1
__label__environmentmonitoring and  cluster  2  differ,  with  cluster  2  exhibiting  bed  presence  during  the  1:30  p.m.3:00  p.m.  interval,  not  shown  in  cluster  1.  once  extracted,  it  is  possible  to  compare  the  clusters,  to  check  whether  the  visualized  differences  correspond  to  actually  significant  deviations,  from  a  statistical  point  of  view:  this  also  helps  to  interpret  possible  behavioral  shifts.  analysis  is  performed  by  adopting  the  binomial  proportion  hypothesis  testing  framework,  allowing  for  comparing  differences  between  two  sp  populations  i.e.,  clusters  in  terms  of  expected  activation  probabilities  of  each  timeofday  point.  in  particular,  statistical  significance  is  achieved,  comparing  the  1:30  p.m.3:00  p.m.  interval  .  this
__label__environmentmonitoring result  is  also  visually  confirmed  in  ,  where  confidence  intervals  of  both  clusters  sp  do  not  intersect  and  are  widely  spaced.  even  more  interesting  is  the  fact  that  those  deviating  patterns  were  found  in  temporally  close  days:  this  shows  the  potential  of  the  sp  framework  to  detect  new  and  significant  changes  in  usual  patterns.  the  interpretation  in  this  case  is  again  almost  trivial:  the  same  user  may  have  a  short  nap  after  lunch  or  not,  depending  on  many  circumstances.  despite  such  obvious  meaning,  this  well  illustrates  potential  of  the  sp  modeling:  since  we  are  looking  for  behavioral  changes  to  be
__label__environmentmonitoring correlated  to  health  or  wellbeing  shifts,  it  is  quite  important  to  recognize  individual  normal  behavior  to  be  assumed  as  a  reference.  in  real  life,  however,  a  unique  reference  behavior  does  not  necessarily  exist,  and  multiple  behavioral  modes  may  occur,  all  of  them  to  be  considered  normal.  for  example,  the  afterlunch  nap  option  or  its  absence  should  not  trigger  any  anomaly  warning.  the  clustering  technique  allows  for  describing  reference  behavioral  patterns  in  a  multimodal  fashion,  with  multiple  reference  profiles  automatically  extracted  in  a  completely  datadriven  approach.  once  different  behavioral  modes  are  extracted,  current  behavior  can  be  compared  with  all  of  them,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  anomalies  can  be  inferred  when  a  profile  does  not  match  any  of  the  identified  daily  prototypes.  the  notion  of  novelty  score  ns  helps  in  evaluating  such  matching.  the  ns  metric  can  be  used  to  highlight  deviant  patterns,  with  respect  to  a  given  sp  assumed  as  reference.  in  order  to  simplify  the  discussion,  without  any  loss  in  generality,  let  us  take  the  centroid  of  cluster  1  in  as  reference  pattern;  the  ns  metric  is  then  computed  on  all  sp  traces,  with  respect  to  such  prototype.  deviant  patterns  can  be  highlighted  by  visualizing  ns  scores  distribution  and  setting  an  appropriate  threshold:
__label__environmentmonitoring this  can  be  either  chosen  arbitrarily  or  automatically  computed  from  data,  by  means  of  simple  interquartile  range  filter  or  more  sophisticated  solutions,  including  isolation  forests  or  local  outlier  factor.  in  this  example,  a  simple  iqr  rule  is  sufficient:  where  is  set  to  .  for  the  data  being  considered,  an  is  derived.  a  describes  such  an  example  procedure:  the  reference  pattern  is  shown  as  a  blue  dashed  line;  in  the  same  figure,  all  patterns  that  yield  an  ns  score  higher  than  are  plotted  as  well  red  solid  lines.  as  can  be  noticed,  all  patterns  with  a  high  ns  score  largely  differ
__label__environmentmonitoring from  the  reference  one.  actually,  the  identified  deviant  patterns  are  those  from  cluster  2,  together  with  a  couple  too  far  from  both  clusters  part  of  a  cluster  which  was  underrepresented  according  to  criterion  1  above.  this  outlyingness  is  more  evident  in  b,  which  shows  a  histogram  representation  of  the  computed  ns  scores,  along  with  the  determined  .  it  is  clear  that  the  ns  score  neatly  allows  separation  of  deviant  patterns  from  those  very  similar  to  the  reference  one  of  a.  thus,  the  presented  methodology  can  be  effectively  used  to  detect  anomalous,  unusual  behavioral  patterns  in  user  data,  possibly  reflecting  some
__label__environmentmonitoring change  in  users  wellbeing.  it  is  worth  stressing  that,  in  this  case  too,  the  user  or  his  caregiver  just  receive  synthesis  information,  with  the  system  automatically  selecting  potentially  relevant  details  and  thus  relieving  the  user/caregiver  himself  from  continuous  evaluation  of  sensor  data  streams.  graphical  representation  of  deviant  patterns,  discovered  with  the  ns  score.  a  blue,  dashed  line  represents  the  pattern  taken  as  reference,  whereas  solid  red  lines  show  profiles  with  a  high  ns  score,  i.e.,  deviating  from  the  reference;  histogram  approximation  of  ns  distribution  obtained  from  sp  traces  shown  in  .  deviating  patterns  are  identified  by  means  of  a  simple
__label__environmentmonitoring filtering  based  on  interquartile  range.  the  activage  project,  framed  in  the  horizon  2020  initiative,  focuses  on  iotenabled  active  and  healthy  ageing.  within  activage,  the  rer  deployment  site  aims  at  improving  continuity  of  care  for  older  persons,  suffering  from  stroke  aftereffects.  the  dsrer  interdisciplinary  approach  combines  clinical  practice  general  practitioners  and  the  local  health  authority  are  involved  as  project  partners  and  ict  technology,  aiming  at  creating  new  services  and  paradigms  for  complementing  traditional  telemedicine  practice.  a  complete  iot  architecture  has  been  implemented,  from  distributed  sensing  based  on  wifi  home  sensors  to  cloudenabled  analytics.  design  and  engineering  of  the  iot  wireless  kit
__label__environmentmonitoring was  described,  with  emphasis  on  lowpower  design  techniques.  advanced  methodologies  were  introduced  to  recognize  anomalies  and  meaningful  trends  from  the  analysis  of  raw  data  collected  from  such  sensors:  this  provides  caregivers  and  care  professionals  with  concise  and  expressive  information,  suitable  for  supporting  the  patients  care  flow  in  a  straightforward  fashion.  in  particular,  an  iot  sensor  kit  is  installed  in  the  pilot  houses,  aiming  at  assessing  main  habits  and  routines  in  their  own  daily  living  setting.  each  sensor  is  battery  operated  and  uses  a  standard,  home  wifi  connection  for  securely  logging  data  in  a  protected  cloud  environment.  the  approach  is  less
__label__environmentmonitoring intrusive  and  demanding  than  dedicated  wireless  sensor  network  technologies,  at  the  same  time  fully  complying  with  most  recent  regulations  in  terms  of  data  protection  and  privacy.  much  effort  was  spent  in  reducing  the  need  for  home  system  maintenance,  to  make  the  technology  fully  manageable  by  the  end  user  himself  or  by  his  caregivers.  careful  hardware  design  procedures  have  been  adopted,  aiming  at  maximizing  battery  lifetime.  message  scheduling  and  careful  design  of  the  data  communication  protocol  allow  for  effective  exploitation  of  low  power  modes,  whereas  the  adoption  of  supercapacitors  in  the  power  supply  allows  for  using  the  full  battery  discharge  curve,
__label__environmentmonitoring regardless  of  degraded  current  sourcing  capability.  with  an  average  standby  current  as  low  as  12  a,  battery  lifetimes  in  the  612  months  range  are  to  be  expected,  as  suggested  by  accelerated  lab  tests.  the  cloud  analytics  architecture  supporting  behavioral  analysis  is  described.  from  such  analysis,  anomalies  and  meaningful  trends  are  automatically  assessed  in  an  unsupervised  fashion.  validation  has  been  carried  out  both  in  a  lab  environment  with  healthy  subjects  and  in  real  pilot  settings.  results  can  be  straightforwardly  fed  to  the  regional  electronic  health  records  system,  and  submitted  to  general  practitioners  attention  by  means  of  the  regional  record  information  system.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  whole  data  journey  fully  complies  with  most  recent  privacy  and  security  regulations.  several  methods  for  analyzing  different  user  data  were  introduced,  taking  toilet  usage  and  rest  behaviors  as  meaningful  examples.  in  particular,  in  the  former  case,  a  regression  framework  was  introduced  to  mine  and  detect  statistically  significant  trends  both  longterm  and  abrupt  ones,  while  at  the  same  time  labeling  unusual,  deviant  observation.  the  sensor  profile  framework  was  then  introduced,  which  allows  for  unifying  analysis  methodologies  of  arbitrary  sensor  traces.  sp  framework  was  applied  on  rest  patterns  measured  by  a  wifi  bed  occupancy  sensor  in  a  reallife  setting:  applying  agglomerative
__label__environmentmonitoring clustering,  multimodal  habits  assessment  was  carried  out.  this  allows  for  detecting  anomalies  with  respect  to  a  set  of  personalized  usual  behaviors,  instead  of  just  a  unique,  averaged  one.  the  capability  of  the  sp  framework  to  detect  new  patterns,  effectively  discriminating  between  actual  emerging  trends  and  simple  statistical  fluctuations,  has  been  discussed.  based  on  the  sp  framework,  a  novelty  score  metric  was  introduced  and  demonstrated  to  provide  reliable  anomaly  detection  for  bed  pattern  data.  the  system  is  currently  being  deployed  and  tested  over  several  tens  of  users  homes,  with  the  aim  of  both  technical  validation  and  assessment  of  its  impact  on
__label__environmentmonitoring care  practices:  to  this  purpose,  a  randomized  control  trial  experiment  is  being  carried  out  referring  to  the  use  case  of  stroke  recovery  within  the  framework  of  the  activage  h2020  project.  by  conjugating  technical  architecture  design  and  service  conception  in  a  truly  interdisciplinary  approach,  the  dsrer  solution,  beyond  the  necessarily  limited  scope  of  the  actual  pilot  tests,  will  allow  for  highlighting  potentials  of  iot  technologies  on  the  improvement  and  sustainability  of  healthcare  services.  conceptualization,  p.c.,  and  e.m.;  methodology,  n.m.,  g.m.,  p.c.,  f.g.;  software,  n.m.,  d.r.;  validation,  g.m.,  r.h.,  t.b.,  b.m.,  f.c.,  f.g.,  and  p.b.;  formal  analysis,  n.m.,  g.m.  and  p.c.;  investigation,
__label__environmentmonitoring n.m.,  g.m.  and  f.c.;  data  curation,  n.m.  and  d.r.;  supervision,  p.c.  and  e.m.;  project  administration,  s.n.;  funding  acquisition,  s.n.,  e.m.,  p.c.  this  research  was  funded  by  the  european  unions  horizon  2020  research  and  innovation  programme  under  grant  no.  732679.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.
__label__environmentmonitoring cyglass  dark  threat  detection  supports  a  comprehensive  array  of  use  cases  to  ensure  the  attack  resilience  of  your  enterprise.  with  its  unsupervised  selflearning  algorithms,  cyglass  will  identify  new  areas  of  concern  as  they  emerge  and  ensure  these  automatically  into  the  platform,  further  enhancing  your  network  protection.  regardless  of  the  phase  in  the  cyber  kill  chain,  cyglass  will  generate  prioritized  areas  of  concern  and  alert  your  analysts  before  suspicious  activity  can  manifest  itself.  meaningful  yet  subtle  changes  from  their  baseline  behavior  will  be  flagged,  tracked,  and  escalated.  the  cyglass  website  uses  cookies,  including  those  from  third  parties,  to  improve  your  user
__label__environmentmonitoring experience  and  for  website  analysis  and  statistics.  by  continuing  to  use  this  website  you  agree  to  the  use  of  these  technologies.  to  find  out  more  about  cookies,  how  cyglass  treats  your  information,  and  cyglass  compliance  with  international  data  privacy  regulations,  please  go  to  our  .
__label__environmentmonitoring indexed  in  web  of  science  to  receive  news  and  publication  updates  for  journal  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering,  enter  your  email  address  in  the  box  below.  department  of  computer  science,  iit  delhi,  new  delhi,  india  correspondence  should  be  addressed  to  ;  received  12  august  2016;  accepted  18  december  2016;  published  26  january  2017  academic  editor:  rajeshkhanna  copyright  2017  pallavi  sethi  and  smruti  r.  sarangi.  this  is  an  open  access  article  distributed  under  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  defined  as  a
__label__environmentmonitoring paradigm  in  which  objects  equipped  with  sensors,  actuators,  and  processors  communicate  with  each  other  to  serve  a  meaningful  purpose.  in  this  paper,  we  survey  stateoftheart  methods,  protocols,  and  applications  in  this  new  emerging  area.  this  survey  paper  proposes  a  novel  taxonomy  for  iot  technologies,  highlights  some  of  the  most  important  technologies,  and  profiles  some  applications  that  have  the  potential  to  make  a  striking  difference  in  human  life,  especially  for  the  differently  abled  and  the  elderly.  as  compared  to  similar  survey  papers  in  the  area,  this  paper  is  far  more  comprehensive  in  its  coverage  and  exhaustively  covers  most  major  technologies  spanning
__label__environmentmonitoring from  sensors  to  applications.  today  the  internet  has  become  ubiquitous,  has  touched  almost  every  corner  of  the  globe,  and  is  affecting  human  life  in  unimaginable  ways.  however,  the  journey  is  far  from  over.  we  are  now  entering  an  era  of  even  more  pervasive  connectivity  where  a  very  wide  variety  of  appliances  will  be  connected  to  the  web.  we  are  entering  an  era  of  the  internet  of  things  abbreviated  as  iot.  this  term  has  been  defined  by  different  authors  in  many  different  ways.  let  us  look  at  two  of  the  most  popular  definitions.  vermesan  et  al.  define  the  internet  of  things
__label__environmentmonitoring as  simply  an  interaction  between  the  physical  and  digital  worlds.  the  digital  world  interacts  with  the  physical  world  using  a  plethora  of  sensors  and  actuators.  another  definition  by  pealpez  et  al.  defines  the  internet  of  things  as  a  paradigm  in  which  computing  and  networking  capabilities  are  embedded  in  any  kind  of  conceivable  object.  we  use  these  capabilities  to  query  the  state  of  the  object  and  to  change  its  state  if  possible.  in  common  parlance,  the  internet  of  things  refers  to  a  new  kind  of  world  where  almost  all  the  devices  and  appliances  that  we  use  are  connected  to  a  network.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  can  use  them  collaboratively  to  achieve  complex  tasks  that  require  a  high  degree  of  intelligence.  for  this  intelligence  and  interconnection,  iot  devices  are  equipped  with  embedded  sensors,  actuators,  processors,  and  transceivers.  iot  is  not  a  single  technology;  rather  it  is  an  agglomeration  of  various  technologies  that  work  together  in  tandem.  sensors  and  actuators  are  devices,  which  help  in  interacting  with  the  physical  environment.  the  data  collected  by  the  sensors  has  to  be  stored  and  processed  intelligently  in  order  to  derive  useful  inferences  from  it.  note  that  we  broadly  define  the  term  sensor  ;  a  mobile  phone  or  even  a
__label__environmentmonitoring microwave  oven  can  count  as  a  sensor  as  long  as  it  provides  inputs  about  its  current  state  internal  state  environment.  an  actuator  is  a  device  that  is  used  to  effect  a  change  in  the  environment  such  as  the  temperature  controller  of  an  air  conditioner.  the  storage  and  processing  of  data  can  be  done  on  the  edge  of  the  network  itself  or  in  a  remote  server.  if  any  preprocessing  of  data  is  possible,  then  it  is  typically  done  at  either  the  sensor  or  some  other  proximate  device.  the  processed  data  is  then  typically  sent  to  a  remote  server.  the  storage  and
__label__environmentmonitoring processing  capabilities  of  an  iot  object  are  also  restricted  by  the  resources  available,  which  are  often  very  constrained  due  to  limitations  of  size,  energy,  power,  and  computational  capability.  as  a  result  the  main  research  challenge  is  to  ensure  that  we  get  the  right  kind  of  data  at  the  desired  level  of  accuracy.  along  with  the  challenges  of  data  collection,  and  handling,  there  are  challenges  in  communication  as  well.  the  communication  between  iot  devices  is  mainly  wireless  because  they  are  generally  installed  at  geographically  dispersed  locations.  the  wireless  channels  often  have  high  rates  of  distortion  and  are  unreliable.  in  this  scenario
__label__environmentmonitoring reliably  communicating  data  without  too  many  retransmissions  is  an  important  problem  and  thus  communication  technologies  are  integral  to  the  study  of  iot  devices.  now,  after  processing  the  received  data,  some  action  needs  to  be  taken  on  the  basis  of  the  derived  inferences.  the  nature  of  actions  can  be  diverse.  we  can  directly  modify  the  physical  world  through  actuators.  or  we  may  do  something  virtually.  for  example,  we  can  send  some  information  to  other  smart  things.  the  process  of  effecting  a  change  in  the  physical  world  is  often  dependent  on  its  state  at  that  point  of  time.  this  is  called  context
__label__environmentmonitoring awareness  .  each  action  is  taken  keeping  in  consideration  the  context  because  an  application  can  behave  differently  in  different  contexts.  for  example,  a  person  may  not  like  messages  from  his  office  to  interrupt  him  when  he  is  on  vacation.  sensors,  actuators,  compute  servers,  and  the  communication  network  form  the  core  infrastructure  of  an  iot  framework.  however,  there  are  many  software  aspects  that  need  to  be  considered.  first,  we  need  a  middleware  that  can  be  used  to  connect  and  manage  all  of  these  heterogeneous  components.  we  need  a  lot  of  standardization  to  connect  many  different  devices.  we  shall  discuss  methods  to
__label__environmentmonitoring exchange  information  and  prevailing  standards  in  section  .  the  internet  of  things  finds  various  applications  in  health  care,  fitness,  education,  entertainment,  social  life,  energy  conservation,  environment  monitoring,  home  automation,  and  transport  systems.  we  shall  focus  on  these  application  areas  in  section  .  we  shall  find  that,  in  all  these  application  areas,  iot  technologies  have  significantly  been  able  to  reduce  human  effort  and  improve  the  quality  of  life.  there  is  no  single  consensus  on  architecture  for  iot,  which  is  agreed  universally.  different  architectures  have  been  proposed  by  different  researchers.  the  most  basic  architecture  is  a  threelayer  architecture  as  shown  in  figure
__label__environmentmonitoring .  it  was  introduced  in  the  early  stages  of  research  in  this  area.  it  has  three  layers,  namely,  the  perception,  network,  and  application  layers.  perception  layer  network  layer  application  layer  figure  1:  the  threelayer  architecture  defines  the  main  idea  of  the  internet  of  things,  but  it  is  not  sufficient  for  research  on  iot  because  research  often  focuses  on  finer  aspects  of  the  internet  of  things.  that  is  why,  we  have  many  more  layered  architectures  proposed  in  the  literature.  one  is  the  fivelayer  architecture,  which  additionally  includes  the  processing  and  business  layers  .  the  five  layers  are  perception,  transport,  processing,  application,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  business  layers  see  figure  .  the  role  of  the  perception  and  application  layers  is  the  same  as  the  architecture  with  three  layers.  we  outline  the  function  of  the  remaining  three  layers.  transport  layer  processing  layer  business  layer  another  architecture  proposed  by  ning  and  wang  is  inspired  by  the  layers  of  processing  in  the  human  brain.  it  is  inspired  by  the  intelligence  and  ability  of  human  beings  to  think,  feel,  remember,  make  decisions,  and  react  to  the  physical  environment.  it  is  constituted  of  three  parts.  first  is  the  human  brain,  which  is  analogous  to  the  processing  and  data  management  unit
__label__environmentmonitoring or  the  data  center.  second  is  the  spinal  cord,  which  is  analogous  to  the  distributed  network  of  data  processing  nodes  and  smart  gateways.  third  is  the  network  of  nerves,  which  corresponds  to  the  networking  components  and  sensors.  let  us  now  discuss  two  kinds  of  systems  architectures:  cloud  and  fog  computing  see  the  reference  architectures  in  .  note  that  this  classification  is  different  from  the  classification  in  section  ,  which  was  done  on  the  basis  of  protocols.  in  particular,  we  have  been  slightly  vague  about  the  nature  of  data  generated  by  iot  devices,  and  the  nature  of  data  processing.  in  some
__label__environmentmonitoring system  architectures  the  data  processing  is  done  in  a  large  centralized  fashion  by  cloud  computers.  such  a  cloud  centric  architecture  keeps  the  cloud  at  the  center,  applications  above  it,  and  the  network  of  smart  things  below  it  .  cloud  computing  is  given  primacy  because  it  provides  great  flexibility  and  scalability.  it  offers  services  such  as  the  core  infrastructure,  platform,  software,  and  storage.  developers  can  provide  their  storage  tools,  software  tools,  data  mining,  and  machine  learning  tools,  and  visualization  tools  through  the  cloud.  lately,  there  is  a  move  towards  another  system  architecture,  namely,  fog  computing  ,  where  the  sensors  and  network
__label__environmentmonitoring gateways  do  a  part  of  the  data  processing  and  analytics.  a  fog  architecture  presents  a  layered  approach  as  shown  in  figure  ,  which  inserts  monitoring,  preprocessing,  storage,  and  security  layers  between  the  physical  and  transport  layers.  the  monitoring  layer  monitors  power,  resources,  responses,  and  services.  the  preprocessing  layer  performs  filtering,  processing,  and  analytics  of  sensor  data.  the  temporary  storage  layer  provides  storage  functionalities  such  as  data  replication,  distribution,  and  storage.  finally,  the  security  layer  performs  encryption/decryption  and  ensures  data  integrity  and  privacy.  monitoring  and  preprocessing  are  done  on  the  edge  of  the  network  before  sending  data  to  the  cloud.  figure
__label__environmentmonitoring 2:  often  the  terms  fog  computing  and  edge  computing  are  used  interchangeably.  the  latter  term  predates  the  former  and  is  construed  to  be  more  generic.  fog  computing  originally  termed  by  cisco  refers  to  smart  gateways  and  smart  sensors,  whereas  edge  computing  is  slightly  more  penetrative  in  nature.  this  paradigm  envisions  adding  smart  data  preprocessing  capabilities  to  physical  devices  such  as  motors,  pumps,  or  lights.  the  aim  is  to  do  as  much  of  preprocessing  of  data  as  possible  in  these  devices,  which  are  termed  to  be  at  the  edge  of  the  network.  in  terms  of  the  system  architecture,  the  architectural  diagram
__label__environmentmonitoring is  not  appreciably  different  from  figure  .  as  a  result,  we  do  not  describe  edge  computing  separately.  finally,  the  distinction  between  protocol  architectures  and  system  architectures  is  not  very  crisp.  often  the  protocols  and  the  system  are  codesigned.  we  shall  use  the  generic  5layer  iot  protocol  stack  architectural  diagram  presented  in  figure  for  both  the  fog  and  cloud  architectures.  let  us  now  discuss  a  new  paradigm:  social  iot  siot.  here,  we  consider  social  relationships  between  objects  the  same  way  as  humans  form  social  relationships  see  .  here  are  the  three  main  facets  of  an  siot  system:  in  a  typical  social
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  setting,  we  treat  the  devices  and  services  as  bots  where  they  can  set  up  relationships  between  them  and  modify  them  over  time.  this  will  allow  us  to  seamlessly  let  the  devices  cooperate  among  each  other  and  achieve  a  complex  task.  to  make  such  a  model  work,  we  need  to  have  many  interoperating  components.  let  us  look  at  some  of  the  major  components  in  such  a  system.  owner  controls  most  architectures  proposed  for  the  siot  have  a  server  side  architecture  as  well.  the  server  connects  to  all  the  interconnected  components,  aggregates  composes  the  services,  and  acts  as  a  single  point
__label__environmentmonitoring of  service  for  users.  the  server  side  architecture  typically  has  three  layers.  the  first  is  the  base  layer  that  contains  a  database  that  stores  details  of  all  the  devices,  their  attributes,  metainformation,  and  their  relationships.  the  second  layer  component  layer  contains  code  to  interact  with  the  devices,  query  their  status,  and  use  a  subset  of  them  to  effect  a  service.  the  topmost  layer  is  the  application  layer,  which  provides  services  to  the  users.  on  the  device  object  side,  we  broadly  have  two  layers.  the  first  is  the  object  layer,  which  allows  a  device  to  connect  to  other  devices,  talk  to
__label__environmentmonitoring them  via  standardized  protocols,  and  exchange  information.  the  object  layer  passes  information  to  the  social  layer.  the  social  layer  manages  the  execution  of  users  applications,  executes  queries,  and  interacts  with  the  application  layer  on  the  server.  let  us  now  propose  taxonomy  for  research  in  iot  technologies  see  figure  .  our  taxonomy  is  based  on  the  architectural  elements  of  iot  as  presented  in  section  .  figure  3:  the  first  architectural  component  of  iot  is  the  perception  layer.  it  collects  data  using  sensors,  which  are  the  most  important  drivers  of  the  internet  of  things  .  there  are  various  types  of  sensors  used
__label__environmentmonitoring in  diverse  iot  applications.  the  most  generic  sensor  available  today  is  the  smartphone.  the  smartphone  itself  has  many  types  of  sensors  embedded  in  it  such  as  the  location  sensor  gps,  movement  sensors  accelerometer,  gyroscope,  camera,  light  sensor,  microphone,  proximity  sensor,  and  magnetometer.  these  are  being  heavily  used  in  different  iot  applications.  many  other  types  of  sensors  are  beginning  to  be  used  such  as  sensors  for  measuring  temperature,  pressure,  humidity,  medical  parameters  of  the  body,  chemical  and  biochemical  substances,  and  neural  signals.  a  class  of  sensors  that  stand  out  is  infrared  sensors  that  predate  smartphones.  they  are  now  being  used  widely
__label__environmentmonitoring in  many  iot  applications:  ir  cameras,  motion  detectors,  measuring  the  distance  to  nearby  objects,  presence  of  smoke  and  gases,  and  as  moisture  sensors.  we  shall  discuss  the  different  types  of  sensors  used  in  iot  applications  in  section  .  subsequently,  we  shall  discuss  related  work  in  data  preprocessing.  such  applications  also  known  as  fog  computing  applications  mainly  filter  and  summarize  data  before  sending  it  on  the  network.  such  units  typically  have  a  little  amount  of  temporary  storage,  a  small  processing  unit,  and  some  security  features.  the  next  architectural  component  that  we  shall  discuss  is  communication.  we  shall  discuss  related  work  in
__label__environmentmonitoring section  on  different  communication  technologies  used  for  the  internet  of  things.  different  entities  communicate  over  the  network  using  a  diverse  set  of  protocols  and  standards.  the  most  common  communication  technologies  for  short  range  low  power  communication  protocols  are  rfid  radio  frequency  identification  and  nfc  near  field  communication.  for  the  medium  range,  they  are  bluetooth,  zigbee,  and  wifi.  communication  in  the  iot  world  requires  special  networking  protocols  and  mechanisms.  therefore,  new  mechanisms  and  protocols  have  been  proposed  and  implemented  for  each  layer  of  the  networking  stack,  according  to  the  requirements  imposed  by  iot  devices.  we  shall  subsequently  look  at  two  kinds
__label__environmentmonitoring of  software  components:  middleware  and  applications.  the  middleware  creates  an  abstraction  for  the  programmer  such  that  the  details  of  the  hardware  can  be  hidden.  this  enhances  interoperability  of  smart  things  and  makes  it  easy  to  offer  different  kinds  of  services  .  there  are  many  commercial  and  open  source  offerings  for  providing  middleware  services  to  iot  devices.  some  examples  are  openiot  ,  middlewhere  ,  hydra  ,  fiware  ,  and  oracle  fusion  middleware.  finally,  we  discuss  the  applications  of  iot  in  section  .  we  primarily  focus  on  home  automation,  ambient  assisted  living,  health  and  fitness,  smart  vehicular  systems,  smart  cities,  smart  environments,
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  grids,  social  life,  and  entertainment.  our  taxonomy  describes  the  technologies  in  the  iot  domain  and  is  classified  on  the  basis  of  architectural  layers.  we  have  tried  to  cover  all  subareas  and  recent  technologies  in  our  taxonomy.  there  have  been  many  survey  papers  on  the  internet  of  things  in  the  past.  table  shows  how  our  survey  is  different  from  other  highly  cited  surveys  in  the  literature.  table  1:  let  us  first  consider  our  novel  contributions.  our  paper  looks  at  each  and  every  layer  in  the  iot  stack,  and  as  a  result  the  presentation  is  also  far  more  balanced.  a  novel
__label__environmentmonitoring addition  in  our  survey  is  that  we  have  discussed  different  iot  architectures.  this  has  not  been  discussed  in  prior  surveys  on  the  internet  of  things.  the  architecture  section  also  considers  newer  paradigms  such  as  fog  computing,  which  have  also  hitherto  not  been  considered.  moreover,  our  survey  nicely  categorizes  technologies  based  on  the  architectural  layer  that  they  belong  to.  we  have  also  thoroughly  categorized  the  network  layer  and  tried  to  consolidate  almost  all  the  technologies  that  are  used  in  iot  systems.  such  kind  of  a  thorough  categorization  and  presentation  of  technologies  is  novel  to  the  best  of  our  knowledge.  along  with
__label__environmentmonitoring these  novel  contributions  our  survey  is  far  more  comprehensive,  detailed,  and  exhaustive  as  compared  to  other  surveys  in  the  area.  most  of  the  other  surveys  look  at  only  one  or  two  types  of  sensors,  whereas  we  describe  9  types  of  sensors  with  many  examples.  other  surveys  are  also  fairly  restricted  when  they  discuss  communication  technologies  and  applications.  we  have  discussed  many  types  of  middleware  technologies  as  well.  prior  works  have  not  given  middleware  technologies  this  level  of  attention.  we  cover  10  communication  technologies  in  detail  and  consider  a  large  variety  of  applications  encompassing  smart  homes,  health  care,  logistics,  transport,  agriculture,
__label__environmentmonitoring environment,  smart  cities,  and  green  energy.  no  other  survey  in  this  area  profiles  so  many  technologies,  applications,  and  use  cases.  all  iot  applications  need  to  have  one  or  more  sensors  to  collect  data  from  the  environment.  sensors  are  essential  components  of  smart  objects.  one  of  the  most  important  aspects  of  the  internet  of  things  is  context  awareness  ,  which  is  not  possible  without  sensor  technology.  iot  sensors  are  mostly  small  in  size,  have  low  cost,  and  consume  less  power.  they  are  constrained  by  factors  such  as  battery  capacity  and  ease  of  deployment.  schmidt  and  van  laerhoven  provide  an  overview  of
__label__environmentmonitoring various  types  of  sensors  used  for  building  smart  applications.  first  of  all,  let  us  look  at  the  mobile  phone,  which  is  ubiquitous  and  has  many  types  of  sensors  embedded  in  it.  in  specific,  the  smartphone  is  a  very  handy  and  user  friendly  device  that  has  a  host  of  built  in  communication  and  data  processing  features.  with  the  increasing  popularity  of  smartphones  among  people,  researchers  are  showing  interest  in  building  smart  iot  solutions  using  smartphones  because  of  the  embedded  sensors  ,  .  some  additional  sensors  can  also  be  used  depending  upon  the  requirements.  applications  can  be  built  on  the  smartphone  that
__label__environmentmonitoring uses  sensor  data  to  produce  meaningful  results.  some  of  the  sensors  inside  a  modern  smartphone  are  as  follows.  we  have  studied  many  smart  applications  that  use  sensor  data  collected  from  smartphones.  for  example,  activity  detection  is  achieved  by  applying  machine  learning  algorithms  to  the  data  collected  by  smartphone  sensors.  it  detects  activities  such  as  running,  going  up  and  down  stairs,  walking,  driving,  and  cycling.  the  application  is  trained  with  patterns  of  data  using  data  sets  recorded  by  sensors  when  these  activities  are  being  performed.  many  health  and  fitness  applications  are  being  built  to  keep  track  of  a  persons  health  continuously
__label__environmentmonitoring using  smartphones.  they  keep  track  of  users  physical  activities,  diet,  exercises,  and  lifestyle  to  determine  the  fitness  level  and  give  suggestions  to  the  user  accordingly.  wang  et  al.  describe  a  mobile  application  that  is  based  completely  on  a  smartphone.  they  use  it  to  assess  the  overall  mental  health  and  performance  of  a  college  student.  to  track  the  location  and  activities  in  which  the  student  is  involved,  activity  recognition  accelerometer  and  gps  data  are  used.  to  keep  a  check  on  how  much  the  student  sleeps,  the  accelerometer  and  light  sensors  are  used.  for  social  life  and  conversations,  audio  data  from  a
__label__environmentmonitoring microphone  is  used.  the  application  also  conducts  quick  questionnaires  with  the  students  to  know  about  their  mood.  all  this  data  can  be  used  to  assess  the  stress  levels,  social  life,  behavior,  and  exercise  patterns  of  a  student.  another  application  by  mcclernon  and  choudhury  detects  when  the  user  is  going  to  smoke  using  context  information  such  as  the  presence  of  other  smokers,  location,  and  associated  activities.  the  sensors  provide  information  related  to  the  users  movement,  location,  visual  images,  and  surrounding  sounds.  to  summarize  smartphone  sensors  are  being  used  to  study  different  kinds  of  human  behavior  see  and  to  improve  the  quality
__label__environmentmonitoring of  human  life.  the  internet  of  things  can  be  really  beneficial  for  health  care  applications.  we  can  use  sensors,  which  can  measure  and  monitor  various  medical  parameters  in  the  human  body  .  these  applications  can  aim  at  monitoring  a  patients  health  when  they  are  not  in  hospital  or  when  they  are  alone.  subsequently,  they  can  provide  real  time  feedback  to  the  doctor,  relatives,  or  the  patient.  mcgrath  and  scanaill  have  described  in  detail  the  different  sensors  that  can  be  worn  on  the  body  for  monitoring  a  persons  health.  there  are  many  wearable  sensing  devices  available  in  the  market.  they  are
__label__environmentmonitoring equipped  with  medical  sensors  that  are  capable  of  measuring  different  parameters  such  as  the  heart  rate,  pulse,  blood  pressure,  body  temperature,  respiration  rate,  and  blood  glucose  levels  .  these  wearables  include  smart  watches,  wristbands,  monitoring  patches,  and  smart  textiles.  moreover,  smart  watches  and  fitness  trackers  are  becoming  fairly  popular  in  the  market  as  companies  such  as  apple,  samsung,  and  sony  are  coming  up  with  very  innovative  features.  for  example,  a  smart  watch  includes  features  such  as  connectivity  with  a  smartphone,  sensors  such  as  an  accelerometer,  and  a  heart  rate  monitor  see  figure  .  figure  4:  another  novel  iot  device,  which
__label__environmentmonitoring has  a  lot  of  promise  are  monitoring  patches  that  are  pasted  on  the  skin.  monitoring  patches  are  like  tattoos.  they  are  stretchable  and  disposable  and  are  very  cheap.  these  patches  are  supposed  to  be  worn  by  the  patient  for  a  few  days  to  monitor  a  vital  health  parameter  continuously  .  all  the  electronic  components  are  embedded  in  these  rubbery  structures.  they  can  even  transmit  the  sensed  data  wirelessly.  just  like  a  tattoo,  these  patches  can  be  applied  on  the  skin  as  shown  in  figure  .  one  of  the  most  common  applications  of  such  patches  is  to  monitor  blood  pressure.  figure
__label__environmentmonitoring 5:  a  very  important  consideration  here  is  the  context  .  the  data  collected  by  the  medical  sensors  must  be  combined  with  contextual  information  such  as  physical  activity.  for  example,  the  heart  rate  depends  on  the  context.  it  increases  when  we  exercise.  in  that  case,  we  cannot  infer  abnormal  heart  rate.  therefore,  we  need  to  combine  data  from  different  sensors  for  making  the  correct  inference.  today,  it  is  possible  to  understand  neural  signals  in  the  brain,  infer  the  state  of  the  brain,  and  train  it  for  better  attention  and  focus.  this  is  known  as  neurofeedback  see  figure  .  the  technology  used
__label__environmentmonitoring for  reading  brain  signals  is  called  eeg  electroencephalography  or  a  brain  computer  interface.  the  neurons  inside  the  brain  communicate  electronically  and  create  an  electric  field,  which  can  be  measured  from  outside  in  terms  of  frequencies.  brain  waves  can  be  categorized  into  alpha,  beta,  gamma,  theta,  and  delta  waves  depending  upon  the  frequency.  figure  6:  based  on  the  type  of  wave,  it  can  be  inferred  whether  the  brain  is  calm  or  wandering  in  thoughts.  this  type  of  neurofeedback  can  be  obtained  in  real  time  and  can  be  used  to  train  the  brain  to  focus,  pay  better  attention  towards  things,  manage  stress,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  have  better  mental  wellbeing.  environmental  sensors  are  used  to  sense  parameters  in  the  physical  environment  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  pressure,  water  pollution,  and  air  pollution.  parameters  such  as  the  temperature  and  pressure  can  be  measured  with  a  thermometer  and  barometer.  air  quality  can  be  measured  with  sensors,  which  sense  the  presence  of  gases  and  other  particulate  matter  in  the  air  refer  to  sekhar  et  al.  for  more  details.  chemical  sensors  are  used  to  detect  chemical  and  biochemical  substances.  these  sensors  consist  of  a  recognition  element  and  a  transducer.  the  electronic  nose  enose  and  electronic  tongue  etongue  are  technologies  that
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  used  to  sense  chemicals  on  the  basis  of  odor  and  taste,  respectively  .  the  enose  and  etongue  consist  of  an  array  of  chemical  sensors  coupled  with  advance  pattern  recognition  software.  the  sensors  inside  the  enose  and  etongue  produce  complex  data,  which  is  then  analyzed  through  pattern  recognition  to  identify  the  stimulus.  these  sensors  can  be  used  in  monitoring  the  pollution  level  in  smart  cities  ,  keeping  a  check  on  food  quality  in  smart  kitchens,  testing  food,  and  agricultural  products  in  supply  chain  applications.  rfid  is  an  identification  technology  in  which  an  rfid  tag  a  small  chip  with  an
__label__environmentmonitoring antenna  carries  data,  which  is  read  by  a  rfid  reader.  the  tag  transmits  the  data  stored  in  it  via  radio  waves.  it  is  similar  to  bar  code  technology.  but  unlike  a  traditional  bar  code,  it  does  not  require  line  of  sight  communication  between  the  tag  and  the  reader  and  can  identify  itself  from  a  distance  even  without  a  human  operator.  the  range  of  rfid  varies  with  the  frequency.  it  can  go  up  to  hundreds  of  meters.  rfid  tags  are  of  two  types:  active  and  passive.  active  tags  have  a  power  source  and  passive  tags  do  not  have  any  power  source.
__label__environmentmonitoring passive  tags  draw  power  from  the  electromagnetic  waves  emitted  by  the  reader  and  are  thus  cheap  and  have  a  long  lifetime  ,  .  there  are  two  types  of  rfid  technologies:  near  and  far  .  a  near  rfid  reader  uses  a  coil  through  which  we  pass  alternating  current  and  generate  a  magnetic  field.  the  tag  has  a  smaller  coil,  which  generates  a  potential  due  to  the  ambient  changes  in  the  magnetic  field.  this  voltage  is  then  coupled  with  a  capacitor  to  accumulate  a  charge,  which  then  powers  up  the  tag  chip.  the  tag  can  then  produce  a  small  magnetic  field  that
__label__environmentmonitoring encodes  the  signal  to  be  transmitted,  and  this  can  be  picked  up  by  the  reader.  in  far  rfid,  there  is  a  dipole  antenna  in  the  reader,  which  propagates  em  waves.  the  tag  also  has  a  dipole  antenna  on  which  an  alternating  potential  difference  appears  and  it  is  powered  up.  it  can  then  use  this  power  to  transmit  messages.  rfid  technology  is  being  used  in  various  applications  such  as  supply  chain  management,  access  control,  identity  authentication,  and  object  tracking.  the  rfid  tag  is  attached  to  the  object  to  be  tracked  and  the  reader  detects  and  records  its  presence  when  the  object
__label__environmentmonitoring passes  by  it.  in  this  manner,  object  movement  can  be  tracked  and  rfid  can  serve  as  a  search  engine  for  smart  things.  for  access  control,  an  rfid  tag  is  attached  to  the  authorized  object.  for  example,  small  chips  are  glued  to  the  front  of  vehicles.  when  the  car  reaches  a  barricade  on  which  there  is  a  reader,  it  reads  the  tag  data  and  decides  whether  it  is  an  authorized  car.  if  yes,  it  opens  automatically.  rfid  cards  are  issued  to  the  people,  who  can  then  be  identified  by  a  rfid  reader  and  given  access  accordingly.  the  low  level  data  collected
__label__environmentmonitoring from  the  rfid  tags  can  be  transformed  into  higher  level  insights  in  iot  applications  .  there  are  many  user  level  tools  available,  in  which  all  the  data  collected  by  particular  rfid  readers  and  data  associated  with  the  rfid  tags  can  be  managed.  the  high  level  data  can  be  used  to  draw  inferences  and  take  further  action.  let  us  look  at  some  examples  of  actuators  that  are  used  in  the  internet  of  things.  an  actuator  is  a  device,  which  can  effect  a  change  in  the  environment  by  converting  electrical  energy  into  some  form  of  useful  energy.  some  examples  are  heating  or
__label__environmentmonitoring cooling  elements,  speakers,  lights,  displays,  and  motors.  the  actuators,  which  induce  motion,  can  be  classified  into  three  categories,  namely,  electrical,  hydraulic,  and  pneumatic  actuators  depending  on  their  operation.  hydraulic  actuators  facilitate  mechanical  motion  using  fluid  or  hydraulic  power.  pneumatic  actuators  use  the  pressure  of  compressed  air  and  electrical  ones  use  electrical  energy.  as  an  example,  we  can  consider  a  smart  home  system,  which  consists  of  many  sensors  and  actuators.  the  actuators  are  used  to  lock/unlock  the  doors,  switch  on/off  the  lights  or  other  electrical  appliances,  alert  users  of  any  threats  through  alarms  or  notifications,  and  control  the  temperature  of  a
__label__environmentmonitoring home  via  a  thermostat.  a  sophisticated  example  of  an  actuator  used  in  iot  is  a  digital  finger,  which  is  used  to  turn  on/off  the  switches  or  anything  which  requires  small  motion  and  is  controlled  wirelessly.  as  smart  things  collect  huge  amount  of  sensor  data,  compute  and  storage  resources  are  required  to  analyze,  store,  and  process  this  data.  the  most  common  compute  and  storage  resources  are  cloud  based  because  the  cloud  offers  massive  data  handling,  scalability,  and  flexibility.  but  this  will  not  be  sufficient  to  meet  the  requirements  of  many  iot  applications  because  of  the  following  reasons  .  to  solve  the
__label__environmentmonitoring problem  of  mobility,  researchers  have  proposed  mobile  cloud  computing  mcc  .  but  there  are  still  problems  associated  with  latency  and  power.  mcc  also  suffers  from  mobility  problems  such  as  frequently  changing  network  conditions  due  to  which  problems  such  as  signal  fading  and  service  degradation  arise.  as  a  solution  to  these  problems,  we  can  bring  some  compute  and  storage  resources  to  the  edge  of  the  network  instead  of  relying  on  the  cloud  for  everything.  this  concept  is  known  as  fog  computing  ,  also  see  section  .  the  fog  can  be  viewed  as  a  cloud,  which  is  close  to  the  ground.  data
__label__environmentmonitoring can  be  stored,  processed,  filtered,  and  analyzed  on  the  edge  of  the  network  before  sending  it  to  the  cloud  through  expensive  communication  media.  the  fog  and  cloud  paradigms  go  together.  both  of  them  are  required  for  the  optimal  performance  of  iot  applications.  a  smart  gateway  can  be  employed  between  underlying  networks  and  the  cloud  to  realize  fog  computing  as  shown  in  figure  .  figure  7:  the  features  of  fog  computing  are  as  follows:  the  tasks  performed  by  a  smart  gateway  are  collecting  sensor  data,  preprocessing  and  filtering  collected  data,  providing  compute,  storage  and  networking  services  to  iot  devices,  communicating  with
__label__environmentmonitoring the  cloud  and  sending  only  necessary  data,  monitoring  power  consumption  of  iot  devices,  monitoring  activities  and  services  of  iot  devices,  and  ensuring  security  and  privacy  of  data.  some  applications  of  fog  computing  are  as  follows  ,  :  as  the  internet  of  things  is  growing  very  rapidly,  there  are  a  large  number  of  heterogeneous  smart  devices  connecting  to  the  internet.  iot  devices  are  battery  powered,  with  minimal  compute  and  storage  resources.  because  of  their  constrained  nature,  there  are  various  communication  challenges  involved,  which  are  as  follows  :  iot  devices  typically  connect  to  the  internet  through  the  ip  internet  protocol  stack.  this
__label__environmentmonitoring stack  is  very  complex  and  demands  a  large  amount  of  power  and  memory  from  the  connecting  devices.  the  iot  devices  can  also  connect  locally  through  nonip  networks,  which  consume  less  power,  and  connect  to  the  internet  via  a  smart  gateway.  nonip  communication  channels  such  as  bluetooth,  rfid,  and  nfc  are  fairly  popular  but  are  limited  in  their  range  up  to  a  few  meters.  therefore,  their  applications  are  limited  to  small  personal  area  networks.  personal  area  networks  pan  are  being  widely  used  in  iot  applications  such  as  wearables  connected  to  smartphones.  for  increasing  the  range  of  such  local  networks,  there  was
__label__environmentmonitoring a  need  to  modify  the  ip  stack  so  as  to  facilitate  low  power  communication  using  the  ip  stack.  one  of  the  solutions  is  6lowpan,  which  incorporates  ipv6  with  low  power  personal  area  networks.  the  range  of  a  pan  with  6lowpan  is  similar  to  local  area  networks,  and  the  power  consumption  is  much  lower.  the  leading  communication  technologies  used  in  the  iot  world  are  ieee  802.15.4,  low  power  wifi,  6lowpan,  rfid,  nfc,  sigfox,  lorawan,  and  other  proprietary  protocols  for  wireless  networks.  near  field  communication  is  a  very  short  range  wireless  communication  technology,  through  which  mobile  devices  can  interact  with  each  other
__label__environmentmonitoring over  a  distance  of  few  centimeters  only.  all  types  of  data  can  be  transferred  between  two  nfc  enabled  devices  in  seconds  by  bringing  them  close  to  each  other.  this  technology  is  based  on  rfid.  it  uses  variations  in  the  magnetic  field  to  communicate  data  between  two  nfc  enabled  devices.  nfc  operates  over  a  frequency  band  of  13.56mhz,  which  is  the  same  as  high  frequency  rfid.  there  are  two  modes  of  operation:  active  and  passive.  in  the  active  mode,  both  the  devices  generate  magnetic  fields,  while  in  the  passive  mode,  only  one  device  generates  the  field  and  the  other  uses  load
__label__environmentmonitoring modulation  to  transfer  the  data.  the  passive  mode  is  useful  in  battery  powered  devices  to  optimize  energy  use.  one  benefit  of  the  requirement  of  close  proximity  between  devices  is  that  it  is  useful  for  secure  transactions  such  as  payments.  finally,  note  that  nfc  can  be  used  for  twoway  communication  unlike  rfid.  consequently,  almost  all  smartphones  in  the  market  today  are  nfc  enabled.  many  times,  data  from  a  single  sensor  is  not  useful  in  monitoring  large  areas  and  complex  activities.  different  sensor  nodes  need  to  interact  with  each  other  wirelessly.  the  disadvantage  of  nonip  technologies  such  as  rfid,  nfc,  and  bluetooth
__label__environmentmonitoring is  that  their  range  is  very  small.  so,  they  cannot  be  used  in  many  applications,  where  a  large  area  needs  to  be  monitored  through  many  sensor  nodes  deployed  in  diverse  locations.  a  wireless  sensor  network  wsn  consists  of  tens  to  thousands  of  sensor  nodes  connected  using  wireless  technologies.  they  collect  data  about  the  environment  and  communicate  it  to  gateway  devices  that  relay  the  information  to  the  cloud  over  the  internet.  the  communication  between  nodes  in  a  wsn  may  be  direct  or  multihop.  the  sensor  nodes  are  of  a  constrained  nature,  but  gateway  nodes  have  sufficient  power  and  processing  resources.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring popular  network  topologies  used  in  a  wsn  are  a  star,  a  mesh,  and  a  hybrid  network.  most  of  the  communication  in  wsn  is  based  on  the  ieee  802.15.4  standard  discussed  in  section  .  there  are  clearly  a  lot  of  protocols  that  can  be  used  in  iot  scenarios.  let  us  discuss  the  design  of  a  typical  iot  network  protocol  stack  with  the  most  popular  alternatives.  the  internet  engineering  task  force  ietf  has  developed  alternative  protocols  for  communication  between  iot  devices  using  ip  because  ip  is  a  flexible  and  reliable  standard  ,  .  the  internet  protocol  for  smart  objects  ipso  alliance  has
__label__environmentmonitoring published  various  white  papers  describing  alternative  protocols  and  standards  for  the  layers  of  the  ip  stack  and  an  additional  adaptation  layer,  which  is  used  for  communication  between  smart  objects.  1  physical  and  mac  layer  ieee  802.15.4  .  the  ieee  802.15.4  protocol  is  designed  for  enabling  communication  between  compact  and  inexpensive  low  power  embedded  devices  that  need  a  long  battery  life.  it  defines  standards  and  protocols  for  the  physical  and  link  mac  layer  of  the  ip  stack.  it  supports  low  power  communication  along  with  low  cost  and  short  range  communication.  in  the  case  of  such  resource  constrained  environments,  we  need  a
__label__environmentmonitoring small  frame  size,  low  bandwidth,  and  low  transmit  power.  transmission  requires  very  little  power  maximum  one  milliwatt,  which  is  only  one  percent  of  that  used  in  wifi  or  cellular  networks.  this  limits  the  range  of  communication.  because  of  the  limited  range,  the  devices  have  to  operate  cooperatively  in  order  to  enable  multihop  routing  over  longer  distances.  as  a  result,  the  packet  size  is  limited  to  127bytes  only,  and  the  rate  of  communication  is  limited  to  250kbps.  the  coding  scheme  in  ieee  802.15.4  has  built  in  redundancy,  which  makes  the  communication  robust,  allows  us  to  detect  losses,  and  enables  the  retransmission
__label__environmentmonitoring of  lost  packets.  the  protocol  also  supports  short  16bit  link  addresses  to  decrease  the  size  of  the  header,  communication  overheads,  and  memory  requirements  .  readers  can  refer  to  the  survey  by  vasseur  et  al.  for  more  information  on  different  physical  and  link  layer  technologies  for  communication  between  smart  objects.  2  adaptation  layer.  ipv6  is  considered  the  best  protocol  for  communication  in  the  iot  domain  because  of  its  scalability  and  stability.  such  bulky  ip  protocols  were  initially  not  thought  to  be  suitable  for  communication  in  scenarios  with  low  power  wireless  links  such  as  ieee  802.15.4.  6lowpan,  an  acronym  for  ipv6  over
__label__environmentmonitoring low  power  wireless  personal  area  networks,  is  a  very  popular  standard  for  wireless  communication.  it  enables  communication  using  ipv6  over  the  ieee  802.15.4  protocol.  this  standard  defines  an  adaptation  layer  between  the  802.15.4  link  layer  and  the  transport  layer.  6lowpan  devices  can  communicate  with  all  other  ip  based  devices  on  the  internet.  the  choice  of  ipv6  is  because  of  the  large  addressing  space  available  in  ipv6.  6lowpan  networks  connect  to  the  internet  via  a  gateway  wifi  or  ethernet,  which  also  has  protocol  support  for  conversion  between  ipv4  and  ipv6  as  todays  deployed  internet  is  mostly  ipv4.  ipv6  headers  are  not
__label__environmentmonitoring small  enough  to  fit  within  the  small  127  byte  mtu  of  the  802.15.4  standard.  hence,  squeezing  and  fragmenting  the  packets  to  carry  only  the  essential  information  is  an  optimization  that  the  adaptation  layer  performs.  specifically,  the  adaptation  layer  performs  the  following  three  optimizations  in  order  to  reduce  communication  overhead  :  header  compression  fragmentation  link  layer  forwarding  3  network  layer  .  the  network  layer  is  responsible  for  routing  the  packets  received  from  the  transport  layer.  the  ietf  routing  over  low  power  and  lossy  networks  roll  working  group  has  developed  a  routing  protocol  rpl  for  low  power  and  lossy  networks  llns  .
__label__environmentmonitoring for  such  networks,  rpl  is  an  open  routing  protocol,  based  on  distance  vectors.  it  describes  how  a  destination  oriented  directed  acyclic  graph  dodag  is  built  with  the  nodes  after  they  exchange  distance  vectors.  a  set  of  constraints  and  an  objective  function  is  used  to  build  the  graph  with  the  best  path  .  the  objective  function  and  constraints  may  differ  with  respect  to  their  requirements.  for  example,  constraints  can  be  to  avoid  battery  powered  nodes  or  to  prefer  encrypted  links.  the  objective  function  can  aim  to  minimize  the  latency  or  the  expected  number  of  packets  that  need  to  be  sent.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring making  of  this  graph  starts  from  the  root  node.  the  root  starts  sending  messages  to  neighboring  nodes,  which  then  process  the  message  and  decide  whether  to  join  or  not  depending  upon  the  constraints  and  the  objective  function.  subsequently,  they  forward  the  message  to  their  neighbors.  in  this  manner,  the  message  travels  till  the  leaf  nodes  and  a  graph  is  formed.  now  all  the  nodes  in  the  graph  can  send  packets  upwards  hop  by  hop  to  the  root.  we  can  realize  a  point  to  point  routing  algorithm  as  follows.  we  send  packets  to  a  common  ancestor,  from  which  it  travels  downwards
__label__environmentmonitoring towards  leaves  to  reach  the  destination.  to  manage  the  memory  requirements  of  nodes,  nodes  are  classified  into  storing  and  nonstoring  nodes  depending  upon  their  ability  to  store  routing  information.  when  nodes  are  in  a  nonstoring  mode  and  a  downward  path  is  being  constructed,  the  route  information  is  attached  to  the  incoming  message  and  forwarded  further  till  the  root.  the  root  receives  the  whole  path  in  the  message  and  sends  a  data  packet  along  with  the  path  message  to  the  destination  hop  by  hop.  but  there  is  a  tradeoff  here  because  nonstoring  nodes  need  more  power  and  bandwidth  to  send  additional
__label__environmentmonitoring route  information  as  they  do  not  have  the  memory  to  store  routing  tables.  4  transport  layer  .  tcp  is  not  a  good  option  for  communication  in  low  power  environments  as  it  has  a  large  overhead  owing  to  the  fact  that  it  is  a  connection  oriented  protocol.  therefore,  udp  is  preferred  because  it  is  a  connectionless  protocol  and  has  low  overhead.  5  application  layer  .  the  application  layer  is  responsible  for  data  formatting  and  presentation.  the  application  layer  in  the  internet  is  typically  based  on  http.  however,  http  is  not  suitable  in  resource  constrained  environments  because  it  is  fairly  verbose  in
__label__environmentmonitoring nature  and  thus  incurs  a  large  parsing  overhead.  many  alternate  protocols  have  been  developed  for  iot  environments  such  as  coap  constrained  application  protocol  and  mqtt  message  queue  telemetry  transport.  mqtts/mqttsn  is  an  extension  of  mqtt  ,  which  is  designed  for  low  power  and  low  cost  devices.  it  is  based  on  mqtt  but  has  some  optimizations  for  wsns  as  follows  .  the  topic  names  are  replaced  by  topic  ids,  which  reduce  the  overheads  of  transmission.  topics  do  not  need  registration  as  they  are  preregistered.  messages  are  also  split  so  that  only  the  necessary  information  is  sent.  further,  for  power  conservation,  there
__label__environmentmonitoring is  an  offline  procedure  for  clients  who  are  in  a  sleep  state.  messages  can  be  buffered  and  later  read  by  clients  when  they  wake  up.  clients  connect  to  the  broker  through  a  gateway  device,  which  resides  within  the  sensor  network  and  connects  to  the  broker.  bluetooth  low  energy,  also  known  as  bluetooth  smart,  was  developed  by  the  bluetooth  special  interest  group.  it  has  a  relatively  shorter  range  and  consumes  lower  energy  as  compared  to  competing  protocols.  the  ble  protocol  stack  is  similar  to  the  stack  used  in  classic  bluetooth  technology.  it  has  two  parts:  controller  and  host.  the  physical  and
__label__environmentmonitoring link  layer  are  implemented  in  the  controller.  the  controller  is  typically  a  soc  system  on  chip  with  a  radio.  the  functionalities  of  upper  layers  are  included  in  the  host  .  ble  is  not  compatible  with  classic  bluetooth.  let  us  look  at  the  differences  between  classic  bluetooth  and  ble  ,  .  the  main  difference  is  that  ble  does  not  support  data  streaming.  instead,  it  supports  quick  transfer  of  small  packets  of  data  packet  size  is  small  with  a  data  rate  of  1mbps.  there  are  two  types  of  devices  in  ble:  master  and  slave.  the  master  acts  as  a  central  device  that
__label__environmentmonitoring can  connect  to  various  slaves.  let  us  consider  an  iot  scenario  where  a  phone  or  pc  serve  as  the  master  and  mobile  devices  such  as  a  thermostat,  fitness  tracker,  smart  watch,  or  any  monitoring  device  act  as  slaves.  in  such  cases,  slaves  must  be  very  power  efficient.  therefore,  to  save  energy,  slaves  are  by  default  in  sleep  mode  and  wake  up  periodically  to  receive  packets  from  the  master.  in  classic  bluetooth,  the  connection  is  on  all  the  time  even  if  no  data  transfer  is  going  on.  additionally,  it  supports  79  data  channels  1mhz  channel  bandwidth  and  a  data  rate  of
__label__environmentmonitoring 1  million  symbols/s,  whereas,  ble  supports  40  channels  with  2mhz  channel  bandwidth  double  of  classic  bluetooth  and  1  million  symbols/s  data  rate.  ble  supports  low  duty  cycle  requirements  as  its  packet  size  is  small  and  the  time  taken  to  transmit  the  smallest  packet  is  as  small  as  80  s.  the  ble  protocol  stack  supports  ip  based  communication  also.  an  experiment  conducted  by  siekkinen  et  al.  recorded  the  number  of  bytes  transferred  per  joule  to  show  that  ble  consumes  far  less  energy  as  compared  to  competing  protocols  such  as  zigbee.  the  energy  efficiency  of  ble  is  2.5  times  better  than  zigbee.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  wifi  alliance  has  recently  developed  wifi  halow,  which  is  based  on  the  ieee  802.11ah  standard.  it  consumes  lower  power  than  a  traditional  wifi  device  and  also  has  a  longer  range.  this  is  why  this  protocol  is  suitable  for  internet  of  things  applications.  the  range  of  wifi  halow  is  nearly  twice  that  of  traditional  wifi.  like  other  wifi  devices,  devices  supporting  wifi  halow  also  support  ip  connectivity,  which  is  important  for  iot  applications.  let  us  look  at  the  specifications  of  the  ieee  802.11ah  standard  ,  .  this  standard  was  developed  to  deal  with  wireless  sensor  network  scenarios,  where  devices  are
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  constrained  and  require  relatively  long  range  communication.  ieee  802.11ah  operates  in  the  subgigahertz  band  900mhz.  because  of  the  relatively  lower  frequency,  the  range  is  longer  since  higher  frequency  waves  suffer  from  higher  attenuation.  we  can  extend  the  range  currently  1km  by  lowering  the  frequency  further;  however,  the  data  rate  will  also  be  lower  and  thus  the  tradeoff  is  not  justified.  ieee  802.11ah  is  also  designed  to  support  large  star  shaped  networks,  where  a  lot  of  stations  are  connected  to  a  single  access  point.  it  is  based  on  the  ieee  802.15.4  communication  protocol  standard  and  is  used  for  personal  area
__label__environmentmonitoring networks  or  pans  .  the  ieee  802.15.4  standard  has  low  power  mac  and  physical  layers  and  has  already  been  explained  in  section  .  zigbee  was  developed  by  the  zigbee  alliance,  which  works  for  reliable,  low  energy,  and  cheap  communication  solutions.  the  range  of  zigbee  device  communication  is  very  small  10100  meters.  the  details  of  the  network  and  application  layers  are  also  specified  by  the  zigbee  standard.  unlike  ble,  the  network  layer  here  provides  for  multihop  routing.  there  are  three  types  of  devices  in  a  zigbee  network:  ffd  fully  functional  device,  rfd  reduced  functional  device,  and  one  zigbee  coordinator.  a  ffd
__label__environmentmonitoring node  can  additionally  act  as  a  router.  zigbee  supports  star,  tree,  and  mesh  topologies.  the  routing  scheme  depends  on  the  topology.  other  features  of  zigbee  are  discovery  and  maintenance  of  routes,  support  for  nodes  joining/leaving  the  network,  short  16bit  addresses,  and  multihop  routing.  the  framework  for  communication  and  distributed  application  development  is  provided  by  the  application  layer.  the  application  layer  consists  of  application  objects  apo,  application  sublayer  aps,  and  a  zigbee  device  object  zdo.  apos  are  spread  over  the  network  nodes.  these  are  pieces  of  software,  which  control  some  underlying  device  hardware  examples:  switch  and  transducer.  the  device  and  network
__label__environmentmonitoring management  services  are  provided  by  the  zdo,  which  are  then  used  by  the  apos.  data  transfer  services  are  provided  by  the  application  sublayer  to  the  apos  and  zdo.  it  is  responsible  for  secure  communication  between  the  application  objects.  these  features  can  be  used  to  create  a  large  distributed  application.  rfid  and  wireless  sensor  networks  wsn  are  both  important  technologies  in  the  iot  domain.  rfid  can  only  be  used  for  object  identification,  but  wsns  serve  a  far  greater  purpose.  the  two  are  very  different  but  merging  them  has  many  advantages.  the  following  components  can  be  added  to  rfid  to  enhance  its
__label__environmentmonitoring usability:  rfid  is  inexpensive  and  uses  very  little  power.  that  is  why  its  integration  with  wsn  is  very  useful.  the  integration  is  possible  in  the  following  ways  ,  :  integration  of  rfid  tags  with  sensors:  integration  of  rfid  tags  with  wsn  nodes:  integration  of  rfid  readers  with  wsn  nodes:  these  kinds  of  integrated  solutions  have  many  applications  in  a  diverse  set  of  domains  such  as  security,  healthcare,  and  manufacturing.  let  us  now  discuss  a  protocol  for  long  range  communication  in  power  constrained  devices.  the  lpwan  class  of  protocols  is  low  bitrate  communication  technologies  for  such  iot  scenarios.  let  us  now
__label__environmentmonitoring discuss  some  of  the  most  common  technologies  in  this  area.  narrow  band  iot  sigfox  weightless  neul  lorawan  along  with  physical  and  mac  layer  protocols,  we  also  need  application  layer  protocols  for  iot  networks.  these  lightweight  protocols  need  to  be  able  to  carry  application  messages,  while  simultaneously  reducing  power  as  far  as  possible.  oma  lightweight  m2m  lwm2m  is  one  such  protocol.  it  defines  the  communication  protocol  between  a  server  and  a  device.  the  devices  often  have  limited  capabilities  and  are  thus  referred  to  as  constrained  devices  .  the  main  aims  of  the  oma  protocol  are  as  follows:  all  the  protocols  in
__label__environmentmonitoring this  class  treat  all  the  network  resources  as  objects  .  such  resources  can  be  created,  deleted,  and  remotely  configured.  these  devices  have  their  unique  limitations  and  can  use  different  kinds  of  protocols  for  internally  representing  information.  the  lwm2m  protocol  abstracts  all  of  this  away  and  provides  a  convenient  interface  to  send  messages  between  a  generic  lwm2m  server  and  a  distributed  set  of  lwm2m  clients.  this  protocol  is  often  used  along  with  coap  constrained  application  protocol.  it  is  an  application  layer  protocol  that  allows  constrained  nodes  such  as  sensor  motes  or  small  embedded  devices  to  communicate  across  the  internet.  coap  seamlessly
__label__environmentmonitoring integrates  with  http,  yet  it  provides  additional  facilities  such  as  support  for  multicast  operations.  it  is  ideally  suited  for  small  devices  because  of  its  low  overhead  and  parsing  complexity  and  reliance  on  udp  rather  than  tcp.  ubiquitous  computing  is  the  core  of  the  internet  of  things,  which  means  incorporating  computing  and  connectivity  in  all  the  things  around  us.  interoperability  of  such  heterogeneous  devices  needs  welldefined  standards.  but  standardization  is  difficult  because  of  the  varied  requirements  of  different  applications  and  devices.  for  such  heterogeneous  applications,  the  solution  is  to  have  a  middleware  platform,  which  will  abstract  the  details  of  the  things
__label__environmentmonitoring for  applications.  that  is,  it  will  hide  the  details  of  the  smart  things.  it  should  act  as  a  software  bridge  between  the  things  and  the  applications.  it  needs  to  provide  the  required  services  to  the  application  developers  so  that  they  can  focus  more  on  the  requirements  of  applications  rather  than  on  interacting  with  the  baseline  hardware.  to  summarize,  the  middleware  abstracts  the  hardware  and  provides  an  application  programming  interface  api  for  communication,  data  management,  computation,  security,  and  privacy.  the  challenges,  which  are  addressed  by  any  iot  middleware,  are  as  follows:  ,  ,  .  interoperability  and  programming  abstractions  device  discovery  and
__label__environmentmonitoring management  scalability  big  data  and  analytics  security  and  privacy  cloud  services  context  detection  there  are  many  middleware  solutions  available  for  the  internet  of  things,  which  address  one  or  more  of  the  aforementioned  issues.  all  of  them  support  interoperability  and  abstraction,  which  is  the  foremost  requirement  of  middleware.  some  examples  are  oracles  fusion  middleware,  openiot  ,  middlewhere  ,  and  hydra  .  middlewares  can  be  classified  as  follows  on  the  basis  of  their  design  :  event  based  service  oriented  database  oriented  semantic  application  specific  fiware  is  a  very  popular  iot  middleware  framework  that  is  promoted  by  the  eu.  it  has  been  designed
__label__environmentmonitoring keeping  smart  cities,  logistics,  and  shop  floor  analytics  in  mind.  fiware  contains  a  large  body  of  code,  reusable  modules,  and  apis  that  have  been  contributed  by  thousands  of  fiware  developers.  any  application  developer  can  take  a  subset  of  these  components  and  build  his/her  iot  application.  a  typical  iot  application  has  many  producers  of  data  sensors,  a  set  of  servers  to  process  the  data,  and  a  set  of  actuators.  fiware  refers  to  the  information  collected  by  sensors  as  context  information  .  it  defines  generic  rest  apis  to  capture  the  context  from  different  scenarios.  all  the  context  information  is  sent  to  a
__label__environmentmonitoring dedicated  service  called  a  context  broker.  fiware  provides  apis  to  store  the  context  and  also  query  it.  moreover,  any  application  can  register  itself  as  a  context  consumer,  and  it  can  request  the  context  broker  for  information.  it  also  supports  the  publishsubscribe  paradigm.  subsequently,  the  context  can  be  supplied  to  systems  using  context  adapters  whose  main  role  is  to  transform  the  data  the  context  based  on  the  requirements  of  the  destination  nodes.  moreover,  fiware  defines  a  set  of  snmp  apis  via  which  we  can  control  the  behavior  of  iot  devices  and  also  configure  them.  the  target  applications  are  provided  apis  to
__label__environmentmonitoring analyze,  query,  and  mine  the  information  that  is  collected  from  the  context  broker.  additionally,  with  advanced  visualization  apis,  it  is  possible  to  create  and  deploy  feature  rich  applications  very  quickly.  openiot  is  another  popular  open  source  initiative.  it  has  7  different  components.  at  the  lowest  level,  we  have  a  physical  plane.  it  collects  data  from  iot  devices  and  also  does  some  preprocessing  of  data.  it  has  different  apis  to  interface  with  different  types  of  physical  nodes  and  get  information  from  them.  the  next  plane  is  the  virtualized  plane,  which  has  3  components.  we  first  have  the  scheduler,  which  manages  the
__label__environmentmonitoring streams  of  data  generated  by  devices.  it  primarily  assigns  them  to  resources  and  takes  care  of  their  qos  requirements.  the  data  storage  component  manages  the  storage  and  archival  of  data  streams.  finally,  the  service  delivery  component  processes  the  streams.  it  has  several  roles.  it  combines  data  streams,  preprocesses  them,  and  tracks  some  statistics  associated  with  these  streams  such  as  the  number  of  unique  requests  or  the  size  of  each  request.  the  uppermost  layer,  that  is,  the  application  layer,  also  has  3  components:  request  definition,  request  presentation,  and  configuration.  the  request  definition  component  helps  us  create  requests  to  be  sent  to
__label__environmentmonitoring the  iot  sensors  and  storage  layers.  it  can  be  used  to  fetch  and  query  data.  the  request  presentation  component  creates  mashups  of  data  by  issuing  different  queries  to  the  storage  layer,  and  finally  the  configuration  component  helps  us  configure  the  iot  devices.  there  are  a  diverse  set  of  areas  in  which  intelligent  applications  have  been  developed.  all  of  these  applications  are  not  yet  readily  available;  however,  preliminary  research  indicates  the  potential  of  iot  in  improving  the  quality  of  life  in  our  society.  some  uses  of  iot  applications  are  in  home  automation,  fitness  tracking,  health  monitoring,  environment  protection,  smart  cities,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring industrial  settings.  smart  homes  are  becoming  more  popular  today  because  of  two  reasons.  first,  the  sensor  and  actuation  technologies  along  with  wireless  sensor  networks  have  significantly  matured.  second,  people  today  trust  technology  to  address  their  concerns  about  their  quality  of  life  and  security  of  their  homes  see  figure  .  figure  8:  in  smart  homes,  various  sensors  are  deployed,  which  provide  intelligent  and  automated  services  to  the  user.  they  help  in  automating  daily  tasks  and  help  in  maintaining  a  routine  for  individuals  who  tend  to  be  forgetful.  they  help  in  energy  conservation  by  turning  off  lights  and  electronic  gadgets  automatically.  we
__label__environmentmonitoring typically  use  motion  sensors  for  this  purpose.  motion  sensors  can  be  additionally  used  for  security  also.  for  example,  the  project,  mavhome  ,  provides  an  intelligent  agent,  which  uses  various  prediction  algorithms  for  doing  automated  tasks  in  response  to  user  triggered  events  and  adapts  itself  to  the  routines  of  the  inhabitants.  prediction  algorithms  are  used  to  predict  the  sequence  of  events  in  a  home.  a  sequence  matching  algorithm  maintains  sequences  of  events  in  a  queue  and  also  stores  their  frequency.  then  a  prediction  is  made  using  the  match  length  and  frequency.  other  algorithms  used  by  similar  applications  use  compression  based  prediction
__label__environmentmonitoring and  markov  models.  energy  conservation  in  smart  homes  is  typically  achieved  through  sensors  and  context  awareness.  the  sensors  collect  data  from  the  environment  light,  temperature,  humidity,  gas,  and  fire  events.  this  data  from  heterogeneous  sensors  is  fed  to  a  context  aggregator,  which  forwards  the  collected  data  to  the  context  aware  service  engine.  this  engine  selects  services  based  on  the  context.  for  example,  an  application  can  automatically  turn  on  the  ac  when  the  humidity  rises.  or,  when  there  is  a  gas  leak,  it  can  turn  all  the  lights  off.  smart  home  applications  are  really  beneficial  for  the  elderly  and  differently  abled.
__label__environmentmonitoring their  health  is  monitored  and  relatives  are  informed  immediately  in  case  of  emergencies.  floors  are  equipped  with  pressure  sensors,  which  track  the  movement  of  an  individual  across  the  smart  home  and  also  help  in  detecting  if  a  person  has  fallen  down.  in  smart  homes,  cctv  cameras  can  be  used  to  record  events  of  interest.  these  can  then  be  used  for  feature  extraction  to  find  out  what  is  going  on.  in  specific,  fall  detection  applications  in  smart  environments  are  useful  for  detecting  if  elderly  people  have  fallen  down.  yu  et  al.  use  computer  vision  based  techniques  for  analyzing  postures  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring human  body.  sixsmith  et  al.  used  low  cost  infrared  sensor  array  technology,  which  can  provide  information  such  as  the  location,  size,  and  velocity  of  a  target  object.  it  detects  dynamics  of  a  fall  by  analyzing  the  motion  patterns  and  also  detects  inactivity  and  compares  it  with  activity  in  the  past.  neural  networks  are  employed  and  sample  data  is  provided  to  the  system  for  various  types  of  falls.  many  smartphone  based  applications  are  also  available,  which  detect  a  fall  on  the  basis  of  readings  from  the  accelerometer  and  gyroscope  data.  there  are  many  challenges  and  issues  with  regard  to  smart  home
__label__environmentmonitoring applications  .  the  most  important  is  security  and  privacy  since  all  the  data  about  the  events  taking  place  in  the  home  is  being  recorded.  if  the  security  and  trustworthiness  of  the  system  are  not  guaranteed,  an  intruder  may  attack  the  system  and  may  make  the  system  behave  maliciously.  smart  home  systems  are  supposed  to  notify  the  owners  in  case  they  detect  such  abnormalities.  this  is  possible  using  ai  and  machine  learning  algorithms,  and  researchers  have  already  started  working  in  this  direction  .  reliability  is  also  an  issue  since  there  is  no  system  administrator  to  monitor  the  system.  smart  transport  applications
__label__environmentmonitoring can  manage  daily  traffic  in  cities  using  sensors  and  intelligent  information  processing  systems.  the  main  aim  of  intelligent  transport  systems  is  to  minimize  traffic  congestion,  ensure  easy  and  hasslefree  parking,  and  avoid  accidents  by  properly  routing  traffic  and  spotting  drunk  drivers.  the  sensor  technologies  governing  these  types  of  applications  are  gps  sensors  for  location,  accelerometers  for  speed,  gyroscopes  for  direction,  rfids  for  vehicle  identification,  infrared  sensors  for  counting  passengers  and  vehicles,  and  cameras  for  recording  vehicle  movement  and  traffic.  there  are  many  types  of  applications  in  this  area  refer  to  :  figure  9:  given  the  prevailing  amount  of  water  scarcity
__label__environmentmonitoring in  most  parts  of  the  world,  it  is  very  important  to  manage  our  water  resources  efficiently.  as  a  result  most  cities  are  opting  for  smart  solutions  that  place  a  lot  of  meters  on  water  supply  lines  and  storm  drains.  a  good  reference  in  this  area  is  the  paper  by  hauberdavidson  and  idris  .  they  describe  various  designs  for  smart  water  meters.  these  meters  can  be  used  to  measure  the  degree  of  water  inflow  and  outflow  and  to  identify  possible  leaks.  smart  water  metering  systems  are  also  used  in  conjunction  with  data  from  weather  satellites  and  river  water  sensors.  they  can
__label__environmentmonitoring also  help  us  predict  flooding.  barcelona  and  stockholm  stand  out  in  the  list  of  smart  cities.  barcelona  has  a  cityos  project,  where  it  aims  to  create  a  single  virtualized  os  for  all  the  smart  devices  and  services  offered  within  the  city.  barcelona  has  mainly  focused  on  smart  transportation  as  discussed  in  section  and  smart  water.  smart  transportation  is  implemented  using  a  network  of  sensors,  centralized  analysis,  and  smart  traffic  lights.  on  similar  lines  barcelona  has  sensors  on  most  of  its  storm  drains,  water  storage  tanks,  and  water  supply  lines.  this  information  is  integrated  with  weather  and  usage  information.  the  result
__label__environmentmonitoring of  all  of  this  is  a  centralized  water  planning  strategy.  the  city  is  able  to  estimate  the  water  requirements  in  terms  of  domestic  usage  and  industrial  usage  and  for  activities  such  as  landscaping  and  gardening.  stockholm  started  way  back  in  1994,  and  its  first  step  in  this  direction  was  to  install  an  extensive  fiber  optic  system.  subsequently,  the  city  added  thousands  of  sensors  for  smart  traffic  and  smart  water  management  applications.  stockholm  was  one  of  the  first  cities  to  implement  congestion  charging.  users  were  charged  money,  when  they  drove  into  congested  areas.  this  was  enabled  by  smart  traffic  technologies.  since
__label__environmentmonitoring the  city  has  a  solid  network  backbone,  it  is  very  easy  to  deploy  sensors  and  applications.  for  example,  recently  the  city  created  a  smart  parking  system,  where  it  is  possible  to  easily  locate  parking  spots  nearby.  parking  lots  have  sensors,  which  let  a  server  know  about  their  usage.  once  a  driver  queries  the  server  with  her/his  gps  location,  she/he  is  guided  to  the  nearest  parking  lot  with  free  slots.  similar  innovations  have  taken  place  in  the  citys  smart  buildings,  snow  clearance,  and  political  announcement  systems.  social  life  and  entertainment  play  an  important  role  in  an  individuals  life.  many  applications  have
__label__environmentmonitoring been  developed,  which  keep  track  of  such  human  activities.  the  term  opportunistic  iot  refers  to  information  sharing  among  opportunistic  devices  devices  that  seek  to  make  contact  with  other  devices  based  on  movement  and  availability  of  contacts  in  the  vicinity.  personal  devices  such  as  tablets,  wearables,  and  mobile  phones  have  sensing  and  short  range  communication  capabilities.  people  can  find  and  interact  with  each  other  when  there  is  a  common  purpose.  circle  sense  is  an  application,  which  detects  social  activities  of  a  person  with  the  help  of  various  types  of  sensor  data.  it  identifies  the  social  circle  of  a  person  by  analyzing
__label__environmentmonitoring the  patterns  of  social  activities  and  the  people  present  in  those  activities.  various  types  of  social  activities  and  the  set  of  people  participating  in  those  activities  are  identified.  it  uses  location  sensors  to  find  out  where  the  person  is  and  uses  bluetooth  for  searching  people  around  her.  the  system  has  built  in  machine  learning  algorithms,  and  it  gradually  improves  its  behavior  with  learning.  affective  computing  is  a  technology,  which  recognizes,  understands,  stimulates,  and  responds  to  the  emotions  of  human  beings.  there  are  many  parameters,  which  are  considered  while  dealing  with  human  affects  such  as  facial  expressions,  speech,  body  gestures,  hand
__label__environmentmonitoring movements,  and  sleep  patterns.  these  are  analyzed  to  figure  out  how  a  person  is  feeling.  the  utterance  of  emotional  keywords  is  identified  by  voice  recognition  and  the  quality  of  voice  by  looking  at  acoustic  features  of  speech.  one  of  the  applications  of  affective  computing  is  camy,  an  artificial  pet  dog  ,  which  is  designed  to  interact  with  human  beings  and  show  affection  and  emotions.  many  sensors  and  actuators  are  embedded  in  it.  it  provides  emotional  support  to  the  owner,  encourages  playful  and  active  behavior,  recognizes  its  owner,  and  shows  love  for  her  and  increases  the  owners  communication  with  other  people.
__label__environmentmonitoring based  on  the  owners  mood,  camy  interacts  with  the  owner  and  gives  her  suggestions.  logmusic  is  an  entertainment  application,  which  recommends  music  on  the  basis  of  the  context,  such  as  the  weather,  temperature,  time,  and  location.  iot  appliances  have  proven  really  beneficial  in  the  health  and  wellness  domains.  many  wearable  devices  are  being  developed,  which  monitor  a  persons  health  condition  see  figure  .  figure  10:  health  applications  make  independent  living  possible  for  the  elderly  and  patients  with  serious  health  conditions.  currently,  iot  sensors  are  being  used  to  continuously  monitor  and  record  their  health  conditions  and  transmit  warnings  in  case  any
__label__environmentmonitoring abnormal  indicators  are  found.  if  there  is  a  minor  problem,  the  iot  application  itself  may  suggest  a  prescription  to  the  patient.  iot  applications  can  be  used  in  creating  an  electronic  health  record  ehr,  which  is  a  record  of  all  the  medical  details  of  a  person.  it  is  maintained  by  the  health  system.  an  ehr  can  be  used  to  record  allergies,  surges  in  blood  sugar  and  blood  pressure.  stress  recognition  applications  are  also  fairly  popular  .  they  can  be  realized  using  smartphone  sensors.  wang  et  al.  describe  an  application  ,  which  measures  the  stress  level  of  a  college  student  and  is
__label__environmentmonitoring installed  on  the  students  smartphone.  it  senses  the  locations  the  student  visits  during  the  whole  day,  the  amount  of  physical  activity,  amount  of  sleep  and  rest,  and  her/his  interaction  and  relationships  with  other  people  audio  data  and  calls.  in  addition,  it  also  conducts  surveys  with  the  student  by  randomly  popping  up  a  question  in  the  smartphone.  using  all  of  this  data  and  analyzing  it  intelligently,  the  level  of  stress  and  academic  performance  can  be  measured.  in  the  fitness  sector,  we  have  applications  that  monitor  how  fit  we  are  based  on  our  daily  activity  level.  smartphone  accelerometer  data  can  be  used
__label__environmentmonitoring for  activity  detection  by  applying  complex  algorithms.  for  example,  we  can  measure  the  number  of  steps  taken  and  the  amount  of  exercise  done  by  using  fitness  trackers.  fitness  trackers  are  available  in  the  market  as  wearables  to  monitor  the  fitness  level  of  an  individual.  in  addition,  gym  apparatus  can  be  fitted  with  sensors  to  count  the  number  of  times  an  exercise  is  performed.  for  example,  a  smart  mat  can  count  the  number  of  exercise  steps  performed  on  it.  this  is  implemented  using  pressure  sensors  on  the  mat  and  then  by  analyzing  the  patterns  of  pressure,  and  the  shape  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring contact  area.  environmental  parameters  such  as  temperature  and  humidity  are  important  for  agricultural  production.  sensors  are  used  by  farmers  in  the  field  to  measure  such  parameters  and  this  data  can  be  used  for  efficient  production.  one  application  is  automated  irrigation  according  to  weather  conditions.  production  using  greenhouses  is  one  of  the  main  applications  of  iot  in  agriculture.  environmental  parameters  measured  in  terms  of  temperature,  soil  information,  and  humidity  are  measured  in  real  time  and  sent  to  a  server  for  analysis.  the  results  are  then  used  to  improve  crop  quality  and  yield.  pesticide  residues  in  crop  production  are  detected  using  an
__label__environmentmonitoring acetylcholinesterase  biosensor  .  this  data  is  saved  and  analyzed  for  extracting  useful  information  such  as  the  sample  size,  time,  location,  and  amount  of  residues.  we  can  thus  maintain  the  quality  of  the  crop.  moreover,  a  qr  code  can  be  used  to  uniquely  identify  a  carton  of  farm  produce.  consumers  can  scan  the  qr  code  and  check  the  amount  of  pesticides  in  it  via  a  centralized  database  online  before  buying.  air  pollution  is  an  important  concern  today  because  it  is  changing  the  climate  of  the  earth  and  degrading  air  quality.  vehicles  cause  a  lot  of  air  pollution.  an  iot  application  proposed
__label__environmentmonitoring by  manna  et  al.  monitors  air  pollution  on  the  roads.  it  also  tracks  vehicles  that  cause  an  undue  amount  of  pollution.  electrochemical  toxic  gas  sensors  can  also  be  used  to  measure  air  pollution.  vehicles  are  identified  by  rfid  tags.  rfid  readers  are  placed  on  both  sides  of  the  road  along  with  the  gas  sensors.  with  this  approach  it  is  possible  to  identify  and  take  action  against  polluting  vehicles.  iot  tries  to  simplify  real  world  processes  in  business  and  information  systems  .  the  goods  in  the  supply  chain  can  be  tracked  easily  from  the  place  of  manufacture  to  the  final  places
__label__environmentmonitoring of  distribution  using  sensor  technologies  such  as  rfid  and  nfc.  real  time  information  is  recorded  and  analyzed  for  tracking.  information  about  the  quality  and  usability  of  the  product  can  also  be  saved  in  rfid  tags  attached  with  the  shipments.  bo  and  guangwen  explain  an  information  transmission  system  for  supply  chain  management,  which  is  based  on  the  internet  of  things.  rfid  tags  uniquely  identify  a  product  automatically  and  a  product  information  network  is  created  to  transmit  this  information  in  real  time  along  with  location  information.  this  system  helps  in  automatic  collection  and  analysis  of  all  the  information  related  to  supply  chain
__label__environmentmonitoring management,  which  may  help  examine  past  demand  and  come  up  with  a  forecast  of  future  demand.  supply  chain  components  can  get  access  to  real  time  data  and  all  of  this  information  can  be  analyzed  to  get  useful  insights.  this  will  in  the  long  run  improve  the  performance  of  supply  chain  systems.  the  smart  grid  is  information  and  communication  technology  enabled  modern  electricity  generation,  transmission,  distribution,  and  consumption  system  .  to  make  electric  power  generation,  transmission,  and  distribution  smart,  the  concept  of  smart  grids  adds  intelligence  at  each  step  and  also  allows  the  twoway  flow  of  power  back  from  the  consumer
__label__environmentmonitoring to  the  supplier.  this  can  save  a  lot  of  energy  and  help  consumers  better  understand  the  flow  of  power  and  dynamic  pricing.  in  a  smart  grid,  power  generation  is  distributed.  there  are  sensors  deployed  throughout  the  system  to  monitor  everything.  it  is  actually  a  distributed  network  of  microgrids  .  microgrids  generate  power  to  meet  demands  of  local  sites  and  transmit  back  the  surplus  energy  to  the  central  grid.  microgrids  can  also  demand  energy  from  the  central  grid  in  case  of  a  shortfall.  twoway  flow  of  power  also  benefits  consumers,  who  are  also  using  their  own  generated  energy  occasionally  say,  solar,
__label__environmentmonitoring or  wind  power;  the  surplus  power  can  be  transmitted  back  so  that  it  is  not  wasted.  the  user  will  also  get  paid  for  that  power.  some  of  the  iot  applications  in  a  smart  grid  are  online  monitoring  of  transmission  lines  for  disaster  prevention  and  efficient  use  of  power  in  smart  homes  by  having  a  smart  meter  for  monitoring  energy  consumption  .  smart  meters  read  and  analyze  consumption  patterns  of  power  at  regular  and  peak  load  times.  this  information  is  then  sent  to  the  server  and  also  made  available  to  the  user.  the  generation  is  then  set  according  to  the  consumption
__label__environmentmonitoring patterns.  in  addition,  the  user  can  adjust  her/his  use  so  as  to  reduce  costs.  smart  power  appliances  can  leverage  this  information  and  operate  when  the  prices  are  low.  now,  that  we  have  profiled  most  of  the  iot  technologies,  let  us  look  at  some  of  the  design  considerations  for  designing  a  practical  iot  network.  the  first  consideration  is  the  design  of  the  sensors.  even  though  there  might  not  be  much  of  a  choice  regarding  the  sensors,  there  is  definitely  a  lot  of  choice  regarding  the  processing  and  networking  capabilities  that  are  bundled  along  with  the  sensors.  our  choices  range  from  small
__label__environmentmonitoring submw  boards  meant  for  sensor  motes  to  arduino  or  atom  boards  that  consume  300500mw  of  power.  this  choice  depends  on  the  degree  of  analytics  and  data  preprocessing  that  we  want  to  perform  at  the  sensor  itself.  secondly,  there  is  an  issue  of  logistics  also.  to  create  a  submw  board,  we  need  board  design  expertise,  and  this  might  not  be  readily  available.  hence,  it  might  be  advisable  to  bundle  a  sensor  with  commercially  available  embedded  processor  kits.  the  next  important  consideration  is  communication.  in  iot  nodes,  power  is  the  most  dominant  issue.  the  power  required  to  transmit  and  receive  messages  is
__label__environmentmonitoring a  major  fraction  of  the  overall  power,  and  as  a  result  a  choice  of  the  networking  technology  is  vital.  the  important  factors  that  we  need  to  consider  are  the  distance  between  the  sender  and  the  receiver,  the  nature  of  obstacles,  signal  distortion,  ambient  noise,  and  governmental  regulations.  based  on  these  key  factors,  we  need  to  choose  a  given  wireless  networking  protocol.  for  example,  if  we  just  need  to  communicate  inside  a  small  building,  we  can  use  zigbee,  whereas  if  we  need  communication  in  a  smart  city,  we  should  choose  sigfox  or  lorawan.  in  addition,  often  there  are  significant  constraints  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  frequency  and  the  power  that  can  be  spent  in  transmission.  these  limitations  are  mainly  imposed  by  government  agencies.  an  apt  decision  needs  to  be  made  by  taking  all  of  these  factors  into  account.  let  us  then  come  to  the  middleware.  the  first  choice  that  needs  to  be  made  is  to  choose  between  an  open  source  middleware  such  as  fiware  or  a  proprietary  solution.  there  are  pros  and  cons  of  both.  it  is  true  that  open  source  middleware  is  in  theory  more  flexible;  however,  they  may  have  limited  support  for  iot  devices.  we  ideally  want  a  middleware  solution  to  interoperate
__label__environmentmonitoring with  all  kinds  of  communication  protocols  and  devices;  however,  that  might  not  be  the  case.  hence,  if  we  need  strict  compatibility  with  certain  devices  and  protocols,  a  proprietary  solution  is  better.  nevertheless,  open  source  offerings  have  cost  advantages  and  are  sometimes  easier  to  deploy.  we  also  need  to  choose  the  communication  protocol  and  ensure  that  it  is  compatible  with  the  firewalls  in  the  organizations  involved.  in  general  choosing  a  protocol  based  on  http  is  the  best  from  this  point  of  view.  we  also  need  to  choose  between  tcp  and  udp.  udp  is  always  better  from  the  point  of  view  of
__label__environmentmonitoring power  consumption.  along  with  these  considerations,  we  also  need  to  look  at  options  to  store  sensor  data  streams,  querying  languages,  and  support  for  generating  dynamic  alerts.  finally,  let  us  consider  the  application  layer.  most  iot  frameworks  provide  significant  amount  of  support  for  creating  the  application  layer.  this  includes  data  mining,  data  processing,  and  visualization  apis.  creating  mashups  and  dashboards  of  data  is  nowadays  very  easy  to  do  given  the  extensive  support  provided  by  iot  frameworks.  nevertheless,  here  the  tradeoff  is  between  the  features  provided  and  the  resources  that  are  required.  we  do  not  need  a  very  heavy  framework  if  we
__label__environmentmonitoring do  not  desire  a  lot  of  features.  this  call  needs  to  be  taken  by  the  application  developers.  in  this  survey  paper  we  presented  a  survey  of  the  current  technologies  used  in  the  iot  domain  as  of  2016.  currently,  this  field  is  in  a  very  nascent  stage.  the  technologies  in  the  core  infrastructure  layers  are  showing  signs  of  maturity.  however,  a  lot  more  needs  to  happen  in  the  areas  of  iot  applications  and  communication  technologies.  these  fields  will  definitely  mature  and  impact  human  life  in  inconceivable  ways  over  the  next  decade.  the  authors  declare  that  there  is  no  conflict  of  interests
__label__environmentmonitoring regarding  the  publication  of  this  paper.  internet  of  things:  global  technological  and  societal  trends  itu  internet  report  2005:  the  internet  of  things  ad  hoc  networks  international  journal  of  computer  networks  proceedings  of  the  3rd  international  conference  on  advanced  computer  theory  and  engineering  icacte  10  proceedings  of  the  10th  international  conference  on  frontiers  of  information  technology  fit  12  ieee  communications  letters  ieee  software  future  generation  computer  systems  big  data  and  internet  of  things:  a  road  map  for  smart  environments  proceedings  of  the  1st  acm  mcc  workshop  on  mobile  cloud  computing  proceedings  of  the  federated  conference  on  computer  science  and  information  systems
__label__environmentmonitoring fedcsis  14  proceedings  of  the  2nd  ieee  international  conference  on  future  internet  of  things  and  cloud  ficloud  14  ieee  communications  letters  journal  of  sensor  and  actuator  networks  ieee  communications  magazine  computer  networks  information  systems  frontiers  journal  of  communications  international  journal  of  computer  science  engineering  survey  interoperability  and  opensource  solutions  for  the  internet  of  things:  international  workshop,  fp7  openiot  project,  held  in  conjunction  with  softcom  2014,  split,  croatia,  september  18,  2014,  invited  papers  lecture  notes  in  computer  science  acm/ifip/usenix  international  conference  on  distributed  systems  platforms  and  open  distributed  processing  middleware  2004  proceedings  of  the  6th  ieee  annual  communications  society  conference  on
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor,  mesh  and  ad  hoc  communications  and  networks  workshops  secon  workshops  09  proceedings  of  the  7th  ieee/acm  international  conference  on  utility  and  cloud  computing  ucc  14  ieee  personal  communications  ieee  communications  surveys  tutorials  proceedings  of  the  ieee  10th  consumer  communications  and  networking  conference  ccnc  13  proceedings  of  the  acm  international  joint  conference  on  pervasive  and  ubiquitous  computing  ubicomp  14  nicotine  and  tobacco  research  sensors  proceedings  of  the  4th  international  symposium  on  applied  sciences  in  biomedical  and  communication  technologies  isabel  11  sensor  technologies  ieee  transactions  on  systems,  man  and  cybernetics  part  c:  applications  and  reviews  neuroscience  and  biobehavioral  reviews  the  electrochemical
__label__environmentmonitoring society  interface  nondestructive  evaluation  of  food  quality  international  conference  on  recent  advances  and  innovations  in  engineering,  icraie  2014  ieee  pervasive  computing  journal  of  engineering  and  technology  management  ieee  internet  computing  proceedings  of  the  ieee  19th  international  workshop  on  computer  aided  modeling  and  design  of  communication  links  and  networks  camad  14  wireless  communications  and  mobile  computing  proceedings  of  the  australasian  telecommunication  networks  and  applications  conference  atnac  14  proceedings  of  the  9th  ieee  international  conference  on  intelligent  sensors,  sensor  networks  and  information  processing  ieee  issnip  14  setlabs  bridfings  wireless  personal  communications  international  journal  of  electrical  and  computer  engineering  ijece  ieee  wireless  communications
__label__environmentmonitoring white  paper  white  paper  internet  protocol  for  smart  objects  ipso  alliance  white  paper  ieee  internet  computing  proceedings  of  the  18th  ieee  workshop  on  local  and  metropolitan  area  networks  lanman  11  proceedings  of  the  6th  international  conference  on  innovative  mobile  and  internet  services  in  ubiquitous  computing  imis  12  proceedings  of  the  3rd  ieee/createnet  international  conference  on  communication  system  software  and  middleware  comsware  08  international  business  machines  corporation  version  1  sensors  ieee  wireless  communications  bluetooth  low  energy  ph.d.  thesis  proceedings  of  the  ieee  wireless  communications  and  networking  conference  workshops  wcncw  12  international  journal  of  latest  research  in  engineering  and  technology  journal  of
__label__environmentmonitoring ict  standardization  computer  communications  ieee  network  rfid  and  sensor  networks:  architectures,  protocols,  security  and  integrations  proceedings  of  the  13th  international  conference  on  collaboration  technologies  and  systems  cts  12  ieee  internet  of  things  journal  proceedings  of  the  2nd  international  internet  of  things  conference  iot  10  proceedings  of  the  5th  international  conference  on  informatics  in  control,  automation  and  robotics  icinco  08  proceedings  of  the  1st  ieee  international  conference  on  pervasive  computing  and  communications  percom  03  ieee  wireless  communications  ieee  transactions  on  consumer  electronics  proceedings  of  the  1st  annual  international  ieeeembs  special  topic  conference  on  microtechnologies  in  medicine  and  biology  mmb  00  ieee
__label__environmentmonitoring pervasive  computing  ieee  transactions  on  information  technology  in  biomedicine  ubicomp  2001:  ubiquitous  computing  international  journal  of  smart  home  international  journal  of  advanced  science  and  technology  proceedings  of  the  11th  international  conference  on  its  telecommunications  itst  11  image  analysis  proceedings  of  the  international  joint  conference  on  pervasive  and  ubiquitous  computing  ubicomp  14  proceedings  of  the  1st  acm  workshop  on  middleware  for  contextaware  applications  in  the  iot  m4iot  14  proceedings  of  the  india  international  conference  on  power  electronics  iicpe  10  proceedings  of  the  ieee  intelligent  vehicles  symposium  iv  12  mobile  networks  and  applications  water  journal  of  network  and  computer  applications  proceedings  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  11th  ieee  international  conference  on  pervasive  computing  and  communications  percom  13  affective  computing  proceedings  of  the  acm  international  joint  conference  on  pervasive  and  ubiquitous  computing  ubicomp  14  proceedings  of  the  acm  international  joint  conference  on  pervasive  and  ubiquitous  computing  ubicomp  14  proceedings  of  the  ieee  international  conference  on  pervasive  computing  and  communications  workshops  percom  workshops  13  proceedings  of  the  acm  international  joint  conference  on  pervasive  and  ubiquitous  computing  ubicomp  14  proceedings  of  the  3rd  ieee  international  conference  on  computer  science  and  information  technology  iccsit  10  international  journal  of  electrochemical  science  proceedings  of  the  inforum  conference  proceedings  of  the  second
__label__environmentmonitoring isecs  international  colloquium  on  computing,  communication,  control,  and  management  cccm  09  proceedings  of  the  14th  ieee  international  symposium  on  consumer  electronics  isce  10  ieee  power  and  energy  magazine  proceedings  of  the  13th  international  conference  on  advanced  communication  technology:  smart  service  innovation  through  mobile  interactivity  icact  11  2018  hindawi  limited  unless  otherwise  stated.
__label__environmentmonitoring indexed  in  science  citation  index  expanded  to  receive  news  and  publication  updates  for  journal  of  sensors,  enter  your  email  address  in  the  box  below.  department  of  electrical  engineering,  national  chinyi  university  of  technology,  no.  57,  sec.  2,  zhongshan  rd.,  taiping  dist.,  taichung  41170,  taiwan  department  of  computer  science  and  information  engineering,  hungkuo  delin  university  of  technology,  taiwan  correspondence  should  be  addressed  to  ;  received  18  march  2019;  revised  7  may  2019;  accepted  15  may  2019;  published  11  july  2019  academic  editor:  jaime  lloret  copyright  2019  wentsai  sung  et  al.  this  is  an  open  access  article  distributed  under  the  ,  which
__label__environmentmonitoring permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  with  the  development  and  progress  of  technology,  peoples  requirements  for  living  quality  are  increasingly  higher.  this  study  builds  an  indoor  thermal  comfort  environmental  monitoring  system  through  the  internet  of  things  iot  architecture  to  explore  the  thermal  comfort  of  people  in  indoor  environments.  then,  the  applicable  indicators  are  selected  from  a  series  of  thermal  comfort  pointers,  and  the  controllable  indoor  environmental  parameters  are  analyzed  and  simulated  on  matlab  to  obtain  the  impact  on  the  thermal  comfort  indicators,  which  can  serve  as  important  data  to  set
__label__environmentmonitoring up  the  fuzzy  rule  base.  next,  according  to  the  iso7730  comfort  standard  and  energy  saving,  three  ways  to  control  thermal  comfort  are  proposed.  with  arduino  uno  as  the  development  substrate,  the  sensing  nodes  for  the  indoor  environment  are  set  up,  and  the  wireless  sensing  network  is  configured  with  esp8266  to  transmit  the  sensing  data  to  the  terminal.  monitored  by  the  c  humanmachine  interface,  the  controllable  load  is  controlled  by  wireless  remote  mode.  finally,  the  data  is  stored  in  the  database  for  followup  experimentation  and  analysis.  through  actual  measurement  experiments,  the  thermal  comfort  and  energy  saving  effects,  under  comfort,  general,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring energysaving  modes,  as  proposed  in  this  study,  are  verified  to  achieve  a  balance  between  thermal  comfort  and  energy  saving.  this  study  mainly  explores  the  thermal  comfort  of  people  in  indoor  environments  under  the  internet  of  things  iot  architecture  .  the  suitable  indicators  for  this  study  are  selected  from  a  series  of  thermal  comfort  pointers.  after  comparison  and  selection,  this  study  uses  the  predicted  mean  vote  pmv,  which  considers  the  most  comprehensive  influencing  factors  for  human  thermal  comfort  and  is  also  the  most  common  indoor  thermal  comfort  assessment  indicator.  there  are  six  main  reference  parameters  for  pmv:  ambient  temperature,  average  radiant
__label__environmentmonitoring temperature,  relative  humidity,  indoor  wind  speed,  clothing  resistance,  and  metabolic  rate  .  the  controllable  indoor  environment  parameters  are  analyzed  and  simulated  on  matlab,  and  the  influences  of  three  controllable  parameters,  ambient  temperature,  relative  humidity,  and  indoor  wind  speed  on  the  pmv,  are  obtained.  then,  the  data  is  used  as  the  setting  basis  for  the  fuzzy  control  logic  rule  base,  in  order  to  control  the  load  and  provide  the  people  in  the  room  with  relatively  better  thermal  comfort  and  relatively  better  energy  efficiency  ,  .  the  humanmachine  monitoring  interface  is  designed  on  the  main  control  pc  using  visual  studio  c  software,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  the  control  mode  proposed  in  this  study  can  be  selected  on  the  interface  to  control  the  parameters  of  temperature,  humidity,  and  wind  speed.  the  other  parameters  are  actual  values,  which  are  measured  on  multiple  nodes  in  an  indoor  environment.  then,  the  data  in  each  area  of  the  room  is  analyzed,  and  the  nodes  are  equipped  with  temperature,  humidity,  wind  speed,  carbon  dioxide,  and  fine  aerosol  sensors.  when  the  sensors  measure  the  data,  the  data  is  processed  and  integrated  by  arduino  uno  as  the  development  substrate.  it  is  transmitted  to  a  pc  through  wifi  via  esp8266,  and  the  thermal  comfort
__label__environmentmonitoring pointers  are  calculated  according  to  the  data  and  displayed  on  the  humanmachine  monitoring  interface.  the  ambient  temperature,  relative  humidity,  and  indoor  wind  speed  monitoring  data  will  be  used  in  the  fuzzy  thermal  comfort  intelligent  control  and  provide  people  in  the  room  with  a  relatively  better  thermal  comfort  experience  under  relatively  better  energy  efficiency.  the  fine  aerosol  and  carbon  dioxide  concentration  thresholds  are  set  by  the  system,  which  will  automatically  turn  on  the  air  cleaner  or  beep  and  display  a  warning  window.  therefore,  other  seasonal  climate  changes,  the  parameters  of  clothing  resistance,  and  load  control,  such  as  heating  from  electric  heaters,
__label__environmentmonitoring may  be  added  to  improve  the  overall  thermal  comfort  control  system.  in  an  experiment  under  the  energysaving  mode,  the  desired  effect  cannot  be  realized  perfectly  due  to  the  load  limitation.  therefore,  the  cold  air  load  may  be  improved  in  the  future,  and  even  the  fan  load  may  be  controlled  by  pwm  to  accord  with  the  control  requirements  of  thermal  comfort,  which  will  ensure  both  physical  comfort  and  energy  saving  .  in  the  future,  air  quality  indicators  aqi,  such  as  carbon  monoxide,  ozone,  sulfur  dioxide,  and  nitrogen  dioxide,  can  be  added  to  consider  their  influence  on  human  health.  finally,  the  ultimate
__label__environmentmonitoring purpose  of  this  study  is  to  establish  a  comfort  monitoring  system  that  considers  all  indoor  factors,  makes  users  feel  more  comfortable,  and  features  energysaving  and  healthier  life.  this  paper  is  organized  as  follows.  section  is  the  introduction,  which  states  the  research  background,  research  purposes,  and  research  methods  of  this  paper.  section  also  includes  the  related  literature  review,  which  explains  the  concept  and  technology  development  of  the  iot,  discusses  the  thermal  comfort  assessment  methods  and  related  literature  of  this  study,  and  describes  the  relevant  literature  and  knowledge  used  in  this  study.  section  introduces  the  system  architecture  and  hardware  equipment  and  describes
__label__environmentmonitoring the  system  architecture  in  this  study,  as  well  as  the  related  hardware  equipment  and  sensors  used  in  the  experiment.  section  illustrates  the  research  experiment  and  simulation,  demonstrates  the  influences  of  various  factors  on  the  thermal  comfort  assessment  method,  and  describes  the  fuzzy  control  settings  and  experimental  results;  section  includes  the  conclusions,  which  summarize  the  research  results  and  the  future  research  direction.  in  the  era  of  today  of  the  rapid  development  of  airconditioning  systems,  the  control  of  the  system  is  quite  mature.  the  development  of  the  controller,  from  the  most  typical  constant  temperature  control,  slowly  developed  to  the  controller  that  developed
__label__environmentmonitoring based  on  the  algorithm...etc.  in  addition  to  the  innovative  control  methods,  it  is  able  to  achieve  indoor  comfort  requirements  while  saving  energy.  as  a  goal,  the  control  of  indoor  comfort  demand  is  the  cold  and  hot  feeling  of  the  human  body  to  the  environment.  as  a  guideline  for  control,  many  scholars  have  explored  and  proposed  comfort  indicators.  the  predicted  mean  vote  pmv  is  a  human  body  heat  balance  model  published  by  the  danish  scholar  professor  p.o.  fanger  in  1972.  it  is  used  to  express  the  human  bodys  feelings  of  cold  and  heat  in  the  environment.  predicted  percentage  of  dissatisfied  ppd
__label__environmentmonitoring indicates  how  many  percent  of  the  pmv  comfort  indicators  is  uncomfortable.  the  factors  affecting  the  pmv  index  include  indoor  environmental  factors  as  well  as  human  factors,  as  follows.  1  indoor  environmental  factors  .  these  are  dry  bulb  temperature,  relative  humidity,  black  ball  temperature  average  radiant  temperature,  and  wind  speed.  2  human  factors  .  these  are  the  amount  of  clothing  and  the  amount  of  activity.  the  iot  refers  to  a  huge  network  formed  by  the  combination  of  device  equipment  and  the  internet,  including  sensors  and  identification  devices,  radio  frequency  identification  rfid  devices,  infrared  sensors  ir,  global  positioning  system  gps,  and  temperature
__label__environmentmonitoring and  humidity  sensors;  its  purpose  is  to  connect  all  the  objects  to  the  network  so  that  the  system  can  automatically  and  timely  identify,  locate,  track,  monitor,  and  own  various  applications.  the  concept  of  iot  originated  from  the  speech  of  peter  t.  lewis  in  1985  and  then  bill  gates  mentioned  iot  in  the  book  entitled  the  road  to  the  future  in  1995.  later,  in  2005,  the  international  telecommunication  union  itu  formally  proposed  the  concept  of  iot.  the  iot  architecture  can  be  divided  into  three  layers  according  to  the  european  telecommunications  standards  institute  etsi,  namely,  the  sensing  layer,  the  network  layer,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring the  application  layer  ,  .  the  architecture  is  shown  in  figure  .  figure  1:  sensing  layer:  the  sensing  layer  uses  various  sensors  to  detect  external  messages  and  transmits  the  captured  signals  to  the  network  layer  through  tcp/ip,  rs485,  rs232,  usb,  rfid,  zigbee,  bluetooth,  and  other  transmission  protocols,  just  as  the  five  senses  of  people  that  receive  different  external  stimuli.  network  layer:  the  network  layer  transmits  the  messages  to  the  corresponding  devices  through  wired  or  wireless  communication,  as  based  on  the  communication  transmission  function,  just  like  human  nerves.  application  layer:  the  information  collected  by  the  network  layer  is  postprocessed,  analyzed,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring applied,  just  like  the  human  brain  center;  applications,  ranging  from  food,  clothing,  housing,  travel,  education,  and  music,  as  required  by  people,  to  environmental  monitoring,  traffic  supervision,  and  resource  management,  as  required  by  industrial,  agricultural,  medical,  learning,  and  business  operations,  can  be  connected  with  iot.  this  study  uses  esp8266  for  the  wireless  transmission,  which  is  an  ultralowpower  uartwifi  transmission  module  designed  for  mobile  devices  and  iot  applications  and  can  connect  devices  to  wifi  networks  or  serve  as  wireless  base  station  for  internet  or  lan  communication,  thus  realizing  the  networking  functions.  esp8266  can  be  widely  used  in  smart  grids,  smart  traffic,  smart
__label__environmentmonitoring homes,  handheld  devices,  industrial  control,  etc.  its  main  features  are  as  follows.  the  ieee  wireless  network  standard  is  developed  by  the  ieee  standards  institute.  esp8266  supports  three  wireless  network  standards  802.11  b/g/n,  as  shown  in  table  .  table  1:  sta  pattern:  the  esp8266  module  connects  to  the  internet  via  the  router  and  remotely  controls  the  device  through  the  internet  via  a  mobile  phone  or  computer.  ap  pattern:  as  a  hot  spot,  the  esp8266  module  communicates  directly  with  mobile  phones  or  computers  and  realizes  wireless  lan  control.  staap  pattern:  the  coexistence  pattern  of  the  above  two  patterns  can  be  seamlessly  switched
__label__environmentmonitoring through  internet  control  and  increase  operational  convenience.  the  esp8266  program  development  originally  required  the  freertos  realtime  operating  system  and  was  written  in  c  language,  but  later  someone  developed  a  thirdparty  library  for  the  arduino  ide,  which  enabled  the  writing  of  the  esp8266  control  program  in  the  arduino  ide  development  environment  and  greatly  reduced  the  learning  threshold  of  program  development;  afterwards,  more  software  personnel  joined  and  proposed  more  development  methods,  such  as  java  and  python,  which  render  esp82663  more  and  more  compatible.  low  energy  consumption:  esp8266  uses  a  single  3.3v  power  supply,  which  has  low  transmission  energy  consumption  and  is  suitable
__label__environmentmonitoring for  battery  power  supply  applications.  low  cost:  esp8266  is  a  lowcost  wifi  microcontroller  developed  by  shenzhen  lexin  information  co.,  ltd.,  and  its  price  is  about  onetenth  that  of  other  wifi  controllers.  since  the  beginning  of  the  20th  century,  many  scholars  have  conducted  research  on  assessment  methods  for  indoor  thermal  comfort  and  put  forward  a  series  of  assessment  indicators,  such  as  the  temperaturehumiditywind  index  thwi,  standard  effective  temperature  set,  and  predicted  mean  vote  pmv,  which  provide  important  basis  and  assessment  methods  for  thermal  environment  considerations  and  architectural  design  assessments.  apparent  temperature  was  first  proposed  in  the  a  universal  scale  of  apparent
__label__environmentmonitoring temperature,  as  published  by  steadman  1984.  as  the  formula  is  affected  by  temperature,  humidity,  and  wind  speed,  it  is  also  known  as  the  temperaturehumiditywind  index  and  often  quoted  by  the  central  weather  bureau  for  predicting  the  apparent  temperature  .  the  specific  formulas  are  as  follows:  where  thwi  is  apparent  temperature,  v  is  wind  speed,  t  is  temperature  c,  and  e  is  vapor  pressure  hpa;  where  rh  is  relative  humidity  ,  t  is  temperature  c,  and  e  is  vapor  pressure  hpa.  the  standard  effective  temperature  is  a  formula  derived  from  the  twonode  human  body  temperature  regulation  model,  as  proposed  by  gagge
__label__environmentmonitoring in  1971  .  table  shows  the  effect  of  standard  effective  temperature  on  the  human  body.  the  model  considers  the  human  body  as  two  layers,  namely,  the  core  layer  and  the  skin  layer.  while  the  metabolism  produces  heat  in  the  core  layer,  some  of  it  is  directly  lost  to  the  environment  through  breathing,  some  of  the  heat  is  transferred  to  the  surface  of  the  skin  and  partially  lost  by  the  evaporation  of  sweat,  and  the  remaining  heat  is  transferred  to  the  surface  of  clothes  and  then  lost  to  the  environment  through  radiation  and  convection.  table  2:  the  standard  effective  temperature  set
__label__environmentmonitoring is  defined  as  follows:  when  a  person  wearing  standard  clothes  thermal  resistance  0.6clo  is  in  an  environment  where  the  relative  humidity  is  50,  the  air  is  approximately  stationary  wind  speed  0.1m/s,  and  the  air  temperature  is  the  same  as  the  average  radiant  temperature;  if  the  average  skin  temperature  and  skin  moisture  are  the  same  as  those  of  the  actual  environment  and  actual  clothing  resistance,  the  human  body  will  have  the  same  heat  dissipation  in  the  standard  environment  and  the  actual  environment.  at  this  time,  the  air  temperature  of  the  standard  environment  is  the  standard  effective  temperature  set  of  the  actual
__label__environmentmonitoring environment.  the  specific  formula  is  as  follows:  where  and  are  the  core  layer  mass  and  skin  layer  mass  per  unit  surface  area;  and  are  the  average  specific  heat  capacity  of  the  core  layer  and  the  skin  layer;  and  are  the  temperature  of  core  layer  and  skin  layer;  t  is  time;  m  is  the  metabolic  rate  per  unit  surface  area;  is  the  heat  generated  by  chilling  regulation  per  unit  surface  area;  w  is  the  mechanical  work  per  unit  surface  area;  is  the  respiratory  heat  loss  per  unit  surface  area;  is  the  apparent  heat  exchange  between  the  unit  surface  area  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring environment;  is  the  latent  heat  exchange  between  the  unit  surface  area  and  the  environment;  k  is  the  thermal  conductivity  coefficient  between  the  core  layer  and  the  skin  layer;  is  the  blood  flow  between  the  core  layer  and  the  skin  layer;  is  the  specific  heat  capacity  of  the  blood.  the  predicted  mean  vote  pmv  was  proposed  for  the  human  body  heat  balance  model,  as  published  by  fanger  1972.  this  model  is  used  to  express  the  human  body  feelings  of  cold  and  heat  in  the  environment;  based  on  the  experiment  over  1,300  subjects,  the  pmv  equation  was  derived  by  referring  to  various
__label__environmentmonitoring factors  affecting  thermal  comfort,  the  average  number  of  votes  for  the  hot  and  cold  feelings  in  the  environment  was  calculated,  and  the  predicted  percentage  of  dissatisfied  ppd  was  obtained.  the  pmv  and  ppd  indicators  are  used  as  the  final  assessment  method,  as  listed  in  the  iso7730  international  standard  in  1984,  which  considers  the  most  comprehensive  influencing  factors  of  human  thermal  comfort  and  is  also  the  most  common  indoor  thermal  comfort  assessment  indicator  .  fanger  analyzed  the  heat  balance  of  the  human  body,  as  summarized  into  to  through  the  heat  exchange  between  the  human  body  and  the  environment;  there  are  six
__label__environmentmonitoring main  parameters  affecting  thermal  comfort  in  the  formulas:  ambient  temperature  mean  radiant  temperature  relative  humidity  rh,  indoor  wind  speed  clothing  resistance  and  metabolic  rate  m:  where  w  is  the  effective  external  work  of  the  human  body;  is  the  vapor  partial  pressure  of  water;  is  the  surface  area  coefficient  of  clothing;  is  the  surface  temperature  of  clothing;  is  the  convective  heat  dissipation  coefficient.  the  calculated  pmv  is  generally  in  compliance  with  the  ashrae  7point  system,  0  being  moderate,  3  being  hot,  and  3  being  cold.  the  specific  levels  are  shown  in  table  .  table  3:  mean  radiant  temperature  mrt  was  mainly
__label__environmentmonitoring used  to  measure  indoor  temperature  in  the  early  days,  but  it  has  actually  been  used  in  outdoor  environmental  measurements.  the  definition  of  mrt  refers  to  the  heat  radiation  effect  of  the  surface  around  the  environment  on  the  human  body  and  is  also  one  of  the  important  meteorological  parameters  of  heat  balance  of  the  human  body,  which  can  reflect  the  diffuse  sunlight,  the  insolation,  the  shortwave  reflection,  the  atmospheric  reflection,  and  the  longwave  radiation  on  the  surface  of  the  surrounding  environment.  it  is  also  associated  with  outdoor  shading,  wall  hue,  and  planting  greening.  moreover,  when  the  ambient  temperature  and  the  air
__label__environmentmonitoring temperature  are  too  far  apart,  the  human  body  warm  feeling  must  consider  the  combined  effect  of  the  air  temperature  and  the  surrounding  radiation.  the  general  tool  used  to  determine  the  average  radiant  temperature  is  a  metal  black  ball  thermometer  that  measures  the  combined  effects  of  three  climatic  factors:  ambient  temperature,  airflow,  and  radiation  in  the  surrounding  environment  and  calculates  it  in  here,  mrt  means  that  the  average  radiation  temperature  unit  is  c,  v  means  that  the  wind  speed  unit  is  m/s,  means  that  the  black  sphere  temperature  unit  is  c,  and  ta  means  that  the  dry  bulb  temperature  unit  is
__label__environmentmonitoring c.  ppd  is  the  predicted  percentage  of  the  number  of  people  who  feel  uncomfortable  in  the  total  number  of  people  in  a  given  thermal  environment  according  to  the  predicted  mean  vote.  according  to  peoples  environmental  sense,  the  number  of  votes  is  calculated  as  the  ppd,  which  is  a  function  of  pmv  and  reflects  the  percentage  of  people  who  are  dissatisfied,  as  shown  in  .  peoples  thermal  feelings  of  the  environment  are  different.  even  when  pmv  0  under  comfortable  conditions,  the  curve  in  figure  reflects  that  5  of  people  are  not  satisfied:  figure  2:  since  it  is  not  possible  or  necessary
__label__environmentmonitoring to  make  100  people  comfortable  or  satisfied,  ppd  has  significance.  even  if  pmv0,  there  are  still  some  people  that  will  be  dissatisfied  in  a  moderate  environment;  therefore,  iso  and  ashrae  define  0.5  pmv  0.5  according  to  the  pmvppd  pointer,  and  the  corresponding  ppd  is  10,  which  is  used  as  a  thermal  comfort  standard  for  indoor  environments.  the  sources  of  relevant  parameters  used  in  this  study  are  mainly  iso  international  standard  indicators,  as  well  as  related  standards  and  influences  from  related  papers.  the  parameters  referred  to  in  this  study  are  mainly  derived  from  international  standard  indicators,  as  shown  in  table  .
__label__environmentmonitoring table  4:  initially,  there  are  longterm  research  results  such  as  kansas  state  university,  the  american  society  of  heating,  refrigerating,  and  airconditioning  engineers  ashrae  5574  standard,  namely,  the  thermal  comfort  conditions  of  people  living,  and  the  later  ashrae  55.81  standard,  ashrae  55.1992  standard,  and  ashrae  55.2004  standard.  in  1996,  there  was  the  use  of  7level  thermal  sensory  indicators:  cold,  cool,  cool,  neutral,  slightly  warm,  warm,  and  hot.  for  the  general  case,  we  can  directly  test  the  indoor  dry  bulb  temperature,  relative  humidity,  wind  speed,  and  other  thermal  environment  parameters  by  using  the  thermal  comfort  test  system  and  then  combine  the  questionnaire
__label__environmentmonitoring and  ashrae  7level  thermal  comfort  indicators  to  investigate  and  record  the  residents  thermal  sensation.  it  is  also  possible  to  derive  the  distribution  of  the  thermal  environment.  due  to  individual  differences  in  people,  a  100  thermal  environment  that  satisfies  everyones  comfort  requirements  is  impossible.  therefore,  any  indoor  climate  must  meet  the  comfort  requirements  of  most  people  as  much  as  possible.  human  subjective  adaptability  can  be  considered  as  a  major  cause  of  differences  in  the  results  of  laboratory  and  field  tests,  including  physical,  behavioral,  and  primarily  psychological  adaptation.  the  literature  has  pointed  out  that  the  judgment  of  thermal  sensation  depends  to  a
__label__environmentmonitoring large  extent  on  the  background  of  the  people  and  an  expectation  of  the  environment.  therefore,  comfort  research  should  have  both  laboratory  experiments  and  field  test  analysis.  they  believe  that  differences  in  architectural  forms,  climate,  ethnicity,  etc.  may  cause  people  around  the  world  to  feel  differently  in  the  same  thermal  environment  and  have  different  requirements  for  thermal  comfort.  thermal  comfort  is  the  state  of  the  human  bodys  perception  and  preference  for  physical  environments  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  and  wind  speed.  it  can  be  confirmed  by  subjective  assessment  ashrae  55.  if  the  environment  is  not  good,  it  will  affect  the  work  efficiency
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  human  body,  and  even  it  is  more  likely  to  cause  health  hazards.  clothing  resistance  clo  in  this  study  is  based  on  iso9920  and  is  referred  to  as  table  .  table  5:  metabolic  rate  in  this  study  is  based  on  iso8996,  and  the  main  activities  of  indoor  individuals  are  the  main  research  target.  the  standard  unit  of  calculation  is  metabolic  equivalent  met,  which  in  this  study  is  converted  into  the  heat  produced  per  unit  surface  area  of  the  human  body  w,  as  shown  in  table  .  table  6:  this  study  refers  to  the  research  results  of  wind  speed  impact
__label__environmentmonitoring in  related  journals,  in  order  to  set  the  indoor  optimal  wind  speed  range,  and  wind  speed  affects  the  human  body  and  work  efficiency,  as  shown  in  table  .  table  7:  the  relative  humidity  range  of  this  study  is  based  on  the  research  data  published  by  av  arundel  and  other  scholars  in  the  environmental  health  perspectives  ehp  in  the  national  environmental  health  science  institute.  the  proposed  optimal  relatively  humidity  range  is  4060  .  the  fuzzy  theory  was  proposed  in  a  paper  called  fuzzy  sets,  as  published  by  zadeh  1965,  and  mainly  included  the  fuzzy  set  theory,  fuzzy  logic,  fuzzy  reasoning,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring fuzzy  control  ,  .  specifically,  among  the  facets  of  fuzzy  theory,  fuzzy  control  was  the  first  to  receive  academic  attention  and  yield  research  results.  the  first  scholar  to  use  fuzzy  theory  in  the  field  of  control  was  mamdani  1974,  who  verified  fuzzy  control  by  the  steam  engine  model  produced  by  his  research  team.  fuzzy  control  includes  fuzzification,  fuzzy  rule  base,  fuzzy  inference,  and  defuzzification.  the  role  of  fuzzification  is  to  convert  the  exact  input  quantity  into  fuzzy  quantity;  the  fuzzy  rule  base  includes  a  series  of  ifthen  rules  represented  by  fuzzy  linguistic  variables;  fuzzy  inference  is  to  simulate  the  human
__label__environmentmonitoring decisionmaking  process  based  on  the  fuzzy  rule  base;  the  purpose  of  defuzzification  is  to  transform  the  fuzzy  quantity  obtained  by  fuzzy  inference  into  the  clear  quantity  actually  used  for  control.  this  study  applies  fuzzy  control  as  the  control  method  for  the  experimental  load.  this  paper  divides  the  system  structure  into  three  parts,  the  perception  layer,  the  network  layer,  and  the  application  layer,  as  shown  in  figure  .  in  the  sensing  layer,  four  kinds  of  environmental  sensors  are  used,  including  an  air  volume  sensor,  a  fine  aerosol  sensor,  a  carbon  dioxide  sensor,  and  a  temperature  and  humidity  sensor,  as  shown  in
__label__environmentmonitoring figures  and  .  the  position  of  the  sensor  is  set  as  shown  in  figure  ,  in  which  node  1  and  node  3  are  additionally  equipped  with  an  infrared  emission  module  to  control  the  air  conditioner,  dehumidifier,  and  air  cleaner.  in  the  network  layer,  the  microcontroller  communicates  with  the  entire  system  through  the  communication  method  of  esp8266  wireless  wifi  transmission.  in  the  application  layer,  the  system  performs  corresponding  processing  according  to  the  signals  received  in  the  sensing  layer.  the  system  first  displays  the  monitoring  information  on  the  computer  interface,  and  the  system  uses  the  method  mentioned  in  this  paper  for  analysis
__label__environmentmonitoring and  processing.  when  the  system  finds  that  the  indoor  environmental  data  does  not  match  the  set  value,  the  system  will  use  the  wireless  control  method  to  control  the  indoor  load  equipment  to  achieve  the  desired  result  of  thermal  comfort.  the  impact  of  the  system  control  load  on  the  indoor  environment  is  again  processed  by  the  sensing  layer.  the  network  layer  of  the  system  transmits  the  signal  to  the  application  layer.  the  application  layer  of  the  system  stores  and  processes  the  data,  and  the  system  outputs  the  results  of  the  analysis  to  improve  the  load  control,  ultimately  achieving  better  thermal  comfort
__label__environmentmonitoring environment  control  ,  .  figure  3:  figure  4:  figure  5:  figure  6:  our  team  placed  multiple  sensor  devices  directly  on  the  indoor  table  or  in  the  obvious,  consistent  with  peoples  perspectives.  the  time  when  the  sensor  is  deployed  is  the  normal  working  hours  of  people,  starting  from  9:00  in  the  morning  to  about  3:00  in  the  afternoon.  all  sensor  devices  are  connected  to  the  arduino  microcontroller.  the  arduino  hardware  module  collects  the  measured  data  of  the  sensor  and  transmits  it  to  the  pc  control  center  through  the  communication  module  of  the  esp8266.  the  esp8266  uses  wifi  communication  protocols  to  transfer
__label__environmentmonitoring data.  after  the  pc  control  center  performs  actual  environmental  data  analysis,  the  pc  control  center  will  send  infrared  control  signals  to  adjust  the  load  of  various  types  of  electrical  equipment.  the  adjustment  control  signals  of  these  electrical  devices  are  transmitted  using  wireless  infrared  rays.  when  the  pc  control  center  finds  that  the  sensing  data  of  the  actual  environment  is  different  from  the  data  set  by  the  precontext,  the  pc  control  center  will  send  a  correction  signal  to  the  electrical  device.  therefore,  the  proposed  system  defines  the  sensor  device  as  the  sensing  layer  of  the  system.  the  pc  control  center  is
__label__environmentmonitoring responsible  for  cloud  data  operations,  which  the  system  defines  as  the  network  layer.  the  environmental  electrical  equipment  is  regulated  by  the  control  signal,  so  these  load  devices  will  be  defined  by  the  system  as  the  application  layer.  when  the  sensing  layer  transmits  environmental  data  to  the  network  layer,  this  network  layer  is  the  control  center  of  the  system.  the  control  center  compares  the  actual  data  with  preset  values.  when  the  difference  between  the  actual  value  and  the  set  value  exceeds  the  threshold,  the  control  center  transmits  a  control  signal  to  the  load  terminal  for  correction  control.  this  load  side  is
__label__environmentmonitoring the  electrical  equipment  of  our  system,  that  is,  the  application  layer.  this  threshold  is  based  on  our  different  types  of  sensors.  for  example,  when  the  temperature  exceeds  2c,  the  system  will  automatically  start  the  air  conditioning  equipment.  the  c  programming  language  is  used  between  the  sensor  and  the  arduino  microcontroller  as  the  interface  for  processing  data.  the  arduino  microcontroller  transmits  the  sensing  data  to  the  pc  control  center  via  the  esp8266  chip,  which  is  the  work  of  transmitting  the  sensing  data  using  the  wifi  protocol.  we  use  javascript  and  html5  web  pages  to  collect  sensory  data  into  the  database  and
__label__environmentmonitoring then  use  visual  cs  human  interface  program  to  perform  various  algorithm  analyses.  the  esp8266  chip  that  we  use  receives  the  sensing  signal  and  the  transmission  control  signal  through  the  rs232  standard  interface  tx,  rx  to  complete  the  data  signal  transmission.  when  the  control  center  is  to  perform  regulation  on  the  electrical  equipment  side,  the  system  will  send  an  infrared  control  signal  for  load  correction.  when  the  device  is  regulated  to  the  range  of  the  set  value,  the  control  center  will  stop  the  regulation  action.  figure  shows  the  transmission  architecture  of  the  sensing  data  and  control  signals  in  this  paper.  figure
__label__environmentmonitoring 7:  in  order  to  improve  indoor  thermal  comfort,  this  study  first  assesses  several  common  thermal  comfort  assessment  methods  and  selects  the  suitable  thermal  comfort  assessment  method  according  to  the  considerations  of  temperature,  wind  speed,  and  humidity.  the  three  common  thermal  comfort  assessment  methods  in  section  are  compared,  and  finally  the  predicted  mean  vote  pmv  is  adopted  as  the  thermal  comfort  standard  in  this  study.  this  assessment  indicator  was  listed  in  the  iso7730  international  standard  in  1984,  considers  the  most  comprehensive  influential  factors  of  human  thermal  comfort,  and  is  also  the  most  common  indoor  thermal  comfort  assessment  indicator.  the  proposed  system
__label__environmentmonitoring uses  matlab  to  simulate  experiments  of  indoor  environmental  changes.  the  temperature  is  based  on  25c  and  the  temperature  range  is  22c  to  28c.  the  humidity  is  based  on  50  and  the  humidity  range  is  30  to  70.  the  wind  speed  ranges  from  0  to  0.5  m/s.  there  are  six  main  reference  parameters  for  pmv:  ambient  temperature,  average  radiant  temperature,  relative  humidity,  indoor  wind  speed,  clothing  resistance,  and  metabolic  rate.  in  order  to  effectively  control  the  load  and  improve  energy  efficiency,  the  impacts  of  the  controllable  parameters  of  the  indoor  load  on  pmv  are  simulated  on  matlab,  including  ambient  temperature,  relative
__label__environmentmonitoring humidity,  and  indoor  wind  speed,  which  serves  as  the  main  basis  for  subsequent  control  experiments.  then,  matlab  is  used  to  simulate  the  impact  analysis  results  of  ambient  temperature,  relative  humidity,  and  indoor  wind  speed  on  pmv,  as  shown  in  figures  .  figure  8:  figure  9:  figure  10:  according  to  analysis  of  the  simulation  results,  ambient  temperature  has  the  greatest  impact  on  pmv,  which  is  presented  as  a  linear  relationship.  regarding  the  indoor  wind  speed,  in  the  indoor  static  state  wind  speed  lower  than  0.1m/s,  the  indoor  wind  speed  has  little  impact  on  pmv.  when  the  indoor  wind  speed  is  greater
__label__environmentmonitoring than  0.1m/s,  the  indoor  wind  speed  increases  and  pmv  decreases.  however,  as  the  temperature  increases,  the  wind  speed  has  lower  impact  on  pmv.  when  the  temperature  decreases,  the  wind  speed  has  higher  impact  on  pmv.  this  trend  is  caused  by  the  wind  chill  effect.  as  the  relative  humidity  increases,  pmv  increases;  on  the  contrary,  as  the  relative  humidity  decreases,  pmv  decreases;  the  impact  of  relatively  humidity  on  pmv  is  low.  the  multiinput  multioutput  mimo  mathematical  model  is  formed  by  the  interaction  between  input  parameters  and  output  load  when  pmv  is  adopted  as  the  load  control  standard.  it  is  difficult  for
__label__environmentmonitoring traditional  pid  control  to  precisely  control  indoor  thermal  comfort;  therefore,  this  study  uses  the  fuzzy  theory  to  control  the  indoor  load  equipment  and  maintain  pmv  within  the  optimal  comfort  range,  as  specified  by  ios7730:  0.5  pmv  0.5,  ppd  10.  the  fuzzy  system  architecture  is  shown  in  figure  ,  and  the  fuzzy  control  process  is  shown  in  figure  .  figure  11:  figure  12:  the  input  attribution  function  of  the  fuzzy  system  is  set  according  to  the  matlab  simulation  results  in  reference  to  related  literature  data,  as  shown  in  figure  .  the  output  attribution  function  is  set  according  to  the  controllable  load
__label__environmentmonitoring output,  as  shown  in  figure  .  figure  13:  figure  14:  after  the  attribution  functions  are  obtained,  as  based  on  the  matlab  simulation  results  and  literature  data,  the  fuzzy  logic  rule  base  is  established  with  the  pmv  range  of  iso7730:  0.5  pmv  0.5,  ppd  10,  in  order  that  fuzzy  inference  can  output  the  optimal  control  strategy  for  different  environmental  conditions  according  to  the  rule  base.  the  rule  base  is  shown  in  figure  ,  and  the  fuzzy  inference  is  shown  in  figure  .  figure  15:  figure  16:  after  the  optimal  comfort  control  method  is  established,  in  order  to  meet  the  different  needs
__label__environmentmonitoring of  users  and  the  concepts  of  environmental  protection  and  energy  conservation,  this  study  proposes  three  control  modes:  comfort,  general,  and  energysaving  modes.  the  fuzzy  logic  rule  libraries  of  the  three  modes  are  compared,  as  shown  in  table  .  table  8:  pmv  is  based  on  the  iso7730  standard:  0.5  pmv  0.5,  ppd  10,  and  the  optimal  wind  speed  and  humidity  range  are  set  according  to  the  standards  in  literature.  the  general  mode  is  based  on  relaxation  of  the  iso  standard,  where  the  pmv  is  approaching  0.5  and  the  optimal  wind  speed  and  humidity  range  are  set  according  to  the  standards  in
__label__environmentmonitoring literature.  there  is  no  limit  to  the  optimal  wind  speed  or  humidity,  and  the  minimum  pmv  that  foreign  scholars  believe  can  maintain  comfort  is  set:  1.0  pmv  1.0,  ppd  26  .  figure  shows  the  main  system  monitoring  interface.  it  can  be  seen  that  the  data  of  the  three  environmental  monitoring  nodes  is  monitored.  at  the  same  time,  the  system  will  store  the  received  data  in  the  microsoft  excel  2013  database  for  subsequent  experimental  reference  and  analysis.  figure  17:  the  monitoring  data  of  ambient  temperature,  relative  humidity,  and  indoor  wind  speed  are  combined  with  fuzzy  for  smart  thermal  comfort  control;  if
__label__environmentmonitoring the  content  of  fine  aerosol  is  higher  than  35ug/  the  air  cleaner  will  be  automatically  turned  on;  if  the  content  carbon  dioxide  is  higher  than  1000ppm,  the  system  will  beep  and  display  a  warning  window.  the  control  mode  setting  page  includes  many  control  pages.  on  this  page,  the  comfort,  general,  and  energysaving  control  modes,  as  proposed  in  this  study,  can  be  selected.  this  section  compares  the  three  control  modes  proposed  in  this  study  and  sets  the  indoor  environmental  wireless  sensing  nodes  and  wireless  control  load  in  a  scattered  layout,  where  ambient  temperature  and  average  radiant  temperature,  relative  humidity,  and  wind
__label__environmentmonitoring speed  are  actually  measured,  while  clothing  resistance  and  metabolic  rate  are  the  defaults  as  0.6clc  average  summer  clothing  resistance  and  1.2met  sit  working,  respectively.  specific  experiments  are  conducted  to  verify  the  control  effects  of  comfort,  general,  and  energysaving  control  modes;  in  the  comfort  mode,  the  average  environmental  data  is  as  follows:  ambient  temperature  26.3c,  relative  humidity  58.7,  indoor  wind  speed  0.48m/s,  pmv  0.22,  and  ppd  6.  in  the  general  mode,  the  average  environmental  data  is  as  follows:  ambient  temperature  27.1c,  relative  humidity  60.5,  indoor  wind  speed  0.49m/s,  pmv  0.51,  and  ppd  10.4,  which  is  estimated  to  save  6  more  energy
__label__environmentmonitoring than  the  comfort  mode.  in  the  energysaving  mode,  the  average  environmental  data  is  as  follows:  ambient  temperature  28.3c,  relative  humidity  71.5,  indoor  wind  speed  0.98m/s,  pmv  0.86,  and  ppd  20.5,  which  is  estimated  to  save  11.3  more  energy  than  the  comfort  mode.  figure  shows  the  experiment  results  of  three  control  modes.  energysaving  data  is  based  on  the  statistics  of  the  energy  bureau  of  the  ministry  of  economic  affairs  of  taiwan  and  the  electrical  power  consumption  of  electrical  appliances  .  figure  18:  according  to  the  experimental  results  in  figure  ,  the  energysaving  mode  cannot  completely  reduce  pmv  to  lower  than  1
__label__environmentmonitoring during  the  high  temperature  period  at  noon,  as  the  cold  air  load  cannot  be  accurately  controlled  to  the  decimal  point  according  to  the  experimental  observations  due  to  control  limitations.  if  the  rule  base  is  modified  to  reduce  pmv  at  noon  to  be  completely  lower  than  1,  the  experimental  data  of  figure  will  be  obtained  from  the  oneday  experiment.  when  the  temperature  is  lowered  by  1c  near  at  noon,  the  control  result  approximate  to  that  of  the  general  mode  will  be  obtained.  as  there  is  no  wind  speed  limit,  the  average  pmv  is  lower  than  that  of  the  general  mode;  therefore,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  original  rule  base  is  used  as  the  control  standard.  according  to  the  average  environmental  data  of  the  three  modes,  the  expected  target  pmv  range  can  be  achieved.  the  three  thermal  comfort  control  methods  are  still  very  effective  and  can  balance  thermal  comfort  and  energy  saving  according  to  demand.  figure  19:  this  paper  mainly  discusses  the  thermal  comfort  of  people  in  an  indoor  environment  under  the  system  architecture  of  a  wireless  sensing  network.  visual  c  software  is  used  in  the  main  console  computer  to  design  the  manmachine  monitoring  interface,  and  the  control  model  proposed  in  this  study  can  be  selected
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  interface  to  control  parameters  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  and  wind  speed.  through  matlab  analysis  and  simulation  of  the  indoor  environment  parameters  that  can  be  controlled,  the  effects  of  three  controllable  parameters  such  as  ambient  temperature,  relative  humidity,  and  indoor  wind  speed  on  the  thermal  comfort  prediction  index  are  obtained.  the  obtained  data  is  used  as  the  basis  for  the  fuzzy  control  logic  rule  base.  in  order  to  control  the  load,  people  in  the  room  have  relatively  better  thermal  comfort  and  make  the  energy  use  relatively  better.  our  proposed  system  architecture  is  an  iotbased  sensing  network  that  emphasizes  wireless
__label__environmentmonitoring transmission  and  rapid  analysis  of  environmental  parameters.  this  proposed  method  allows  people  in  the  room  to  be  in  a  comfortable  environment.  in  our  research  methods,  there  are  still  some  improvements,  such  as  network  transmission  problems,  system  processing  and  analysis  capabilities,  and  infrared  learning  control  problems  in  indoor  electrical  equipment.  all  materials  are  publicly  available.  the  authors  declare  no  conflicts  of  interest.  proceedings  of  the  2018  international  symposium  on  computer,  consumer  and  control  is3c  the  application  of  thermal  comfort  control  based  on  smart  m.  s.  thesis  matlab  programming  design  and  application  proceedings  of  the  16th  acm/ieee  international  conference  on  information  processing
__label__environmentmonitoring in  sensor  networks,  ipsn  2017  building  thermal  environment  iot  application  and  development  new  visual  c  program  design  paradigm  proceedings  of  the  ieee  international  conference  on  advanced  manufacturing  icam  proceedings  of  the  4th  international  conference  on  systems  and  informatics,  icsai  2017  ashrae  standard  introduction  to  internet  of  things  proceedings  of  the  4th  ieee  world  forum  on  internet  of  things,  wfiot  2018  proceedings  of  the  international  conference  on  inventive  research  in  computing  applications  icirca  journal  of  climate  and  applied  meteorology  ashrae  trans  thermal  comfort:  analysis  and  applications  in  environmental  engineering  iso  7730:1994  moderate  thermal  environments  iso  7730:2005  ergonomics  of  the  thermal  environment
__label__environmentmonitoring iso  9920:2007  ergonomics  of  the  thermal  environment  iso  8996:2004  ergonomics  of  the  thermal  environment  chinese  architect  environmental  health  perspectives  introduction  to  fuzzy  fuzzy:  theory,  practice  and  application  ieee  transactions  on  instrumentation  and  measurement  ieee  internet  of  things  journal  2018  hindawi  limited  unless  otherwise  stated.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  conference  paper?  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring the  economic  effects  of  are  profound.  improvements  in  overall  air  quality  are  estimated  to  have  saved  manufacturers  20  billion  annually  in  productivity  lost  from  2000  to  2008.  warehouses,  factories,  offices,  and  buildings  take  on  a  new  dimension  as  smart  and  connected  workplaces  gain  traction  on  a  larger  scale.  reliability  and  robustness  remain  key  in  almost  all  environment  monitoring  industrial  automation  solutions  which  result  in  costeffectiveness  and  efficiency.  we  have  partnered  with  to  create  the  wireless  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  solutions  that  are  easy  to  deploy  and  maintain.  works  either  as  a  large  mesh  network  for  large  factories,  hospitals,  warehouses,  pharmaceutical
__label__environmentmonitoring clean  rooms  etc.  or  the  standalone  unit  for  small  businesses  such  as  retail  pharmacies,  minimarts  and  medical  laboratories.  ripplesiot  has  recently  signed  an  mou  with  softbank  to  supply  .  the  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  solution  has  a  cloudready  interactive  dashboard  that  displays  the  realtime  data  generated  by  sensor  module.  connectivity  can  be  through  standard  2.4  ghz  transmission  or  using  internal  wifi  networl  alerts  and  notifications  can  be  generated  according  to  the  statutory  needs  when  the  readings  from  the  laboratory  or  production  area  exceed  predefined  levels.  a  daily  automated  summary  of  indoor  environment  readings  can  be  sent  to  maintenance  and  compliance
__label__environmentmonitoring departments.  ripples  iot  pte  ltd.  is  the  latest  addition  to  the  sa  group  of  companies.  with  established  ips  in  industrial  automation,  supply  chain  logistics  healthcare  verticals,  we  have  catered  to  the  it  requirements  of  organisations  like  mastercard,  asia  pacific  breweries,  zf  wind  power,  henkel,  eha  etc.  level  6,  vanguard  campus,  1  kallang  jct.  65  3138  1766,  65  65  9837  8980  156,  27th  cross,  6th  block  jayanagar.  91  9995  902  156  particle  roadshow  2019,  boston  wbii  2019,  den  haag  dell  embedded  edge  2019,  thailand  dell  embedded  edge  2019,  malaysia
__label__environmentmonitoring open  access  is  an  initiative  that  aims  to  make  scientific  research  freely  available  to  all.  to  date  our  community  has  made  over  100  million  downloads.  its  based  on  principles  of  collaboration,  unobstructed  discovery,  and,  most  importantly,  scientific  progression.  as  phd  students,  we  found  it  difficult  to  access  the  research  we  needed,  so  we  decided  to  create  a  new  open  access  publisher  that  levels  the  playing  field  for  scientists  across  the  world.  how?  by  making  research  easy  to  access,  and  puts  the  academic  needs  of  the  researchers  before  the  business  interests  of  publishers.  we  are  a  community  of  more  than  103,000
__label__environmentmonitoring authors  and  editors  from  3,291  institutions  spanning  160  countries,  including  nobel  prize  winners  and  some  of  the  worlds  mostcited  researchers.  publishing  on  intechopen  allows  authors  to  earn  citations  and  find  new  collaborators,  meaning  more  people  see  your  work  not  only  from  your  own  field  of  study,  but  from  other  related  fields  too.  brief  introduction  to  this  section  that  descibes  open  access  especially  from  an  intechopen  perspective  want  to  get  in  touch?  contact  our  london  head  office  or  our  team  is  growing  all  the  time,  so  were  always  on  the  lookout  for  smart  people  who  want  to  help  us  reshape  the
__label__environmentmonitoring world  of  scientific  publishing.  open  access  peerreviewed  chapter  by  gonalo  marques  and  rui  pitarma  doi:  10.5772/intechopen.81478  downloaded:  526  since  most  people  spend  90  of  their  time  indoors,  the  indoor  environment  has  a  determining  influence  on  human  health.  in  many  instances,  the  air  quality  parameters  are  very  different  from  those  defined  as  healthy  values.  using  realtime  monitoring,  occupants  or  the  building  manager  can  decide  and  control  behaviors  and  interventions  to  improve  indoor  air  quality.  the  historical  database  is  also  useful  for  assisting  doctors  to  support  the  medical  diagnosis.  the  continuous  technological  advancements  notably,  as  regards,  networking,  sensors,  and  embedded  devices  have
__label__environmentmonitoring made  it  possible  to  monitor  and  provide  assistance  to  people  in  their  homes.  smart  objects  with  great  capabilities  for  sensing  and  connecting  could  revolutionize  the  way  we  are  monitoring  our  environment.  this  chapter  consists  of  a  general  overview  of  several  realtime  monitoring  systems  developed  and  published  by  the  authors.  in  this  chapter,  the  authors  present  several  new  opensource  and  costeffective  systems  that  had  been  developed  for  monitoring  environmental  parameters,  always  with  the  aim  of  improving  indoor  air  quality  for  enhanced  healthy  buildings.  address  all  correspondence  to:  rpitarmaipg.pt  doi:  10.5772/intechopen.81478  edited  by  muhammad  abdul  mujeebu  indoor  environments  could  be  characterized  by
__label__environmentmonitoring several  pollutant  sources.  environmental  protection  agency  epa  is  responsible  for  environmental  air  quality  index  regulation  in  the  united  states.  this  independent  agency  deliberates  that  indoor  levels  of  contaminants  can  be  up  to  100  times  greater  than  outdoor  contaminant  level  and  positioned  poor  air  quality  as  one  of  the  top  five  environmental  dangers  to  the  community  wellbeing  .  thus,  indoor  air  quality  iaq  is  recognized  as  an  essential  factor  to  be  controlled  for  the  occupants  health  and  comfort.  increase  in  the  iaq  is  critical  as  people  typically  spend  more  than  90  of  their  time  in  indoor  environments.  the  problem  of  inadequate
__label__environmentmonitoring iaq  is  of  utmost  importance  affecting  particularly  severe  form  the  poorest  people  in  the  world  who  are  most  vulnerable,  presenting  itself  as  a  severe  problem  for  world  health  such  as  tobacco  use,  alcoholism  or  the  problem  of  sexually  transmitted  diseases  .  in  1983,  the  world  health  organization  who  used  the  term  sick  building  syndrome  sbs  to  the  clinical  features  that  we  might  discover  in  building  residents  as  a  consequence  of  the  poor  iaq  .  numerous  statements  have  reported  the  influence  of  iaq  in  the  etiopathogenesis  of  various  generic  signs  and  medical  results  that  illustrate  sbs.  the  scientific  representation  of  this
__label__environmentmonitoring pattern  is  widespread  as  it  can  engage  the  skin  with  xerosis,  pruritus,  the  upper  and  lower  breathing  tract  such  as,  dysphonia,  dry  cough  and  asthma,  the  eyes  ocular  pruritus,  and  the  nervous  system  for  example,  headache  and  difficulty  in  concentration  ,  .  furthermore,  besides  the  symptoms  of  this  disease,  there  are  syndromes,  which  could  be  connected  with  indoor  environments,  i.e.,  legionnaires  disease,  extrinsic  allergic  alveolitis,  asthma,  and  atopic  dermatitis  ,  .  for  example,  regarding  atopic  dermatitis,  it  is  a  chronic  and  inflammatory  skin  disorder  and  one  of  the  most  usual  allergic  syndromes  in  infants.  its  occurrence  is  rising  and,  while
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  related  to  hereditary  influences,  there  is  a  considerable  suggestion  of  responsibility  for  environmental  factors,  namely  indoor  air  pollutants.  this  is  mainly  significant  in  industrialized  nations,  where  youngsters  apply  most  of  their  time  inside  buildings  .  including  the  air  contaminants,  the  volatile  organic  compounds  are  connected  to  the  exacerbation  of  atopic  dermatitis,  which  remain  the  utmost  deliberated  usual  pollutants  of  indoor  air  .  universally  acknowledged,  in  atopic  dermatitis,  indoor  air  contaminants  could  provoke  oxidative  stress,  leading  to  skin  barrier  dysfunction  or  immune  dysregulation  .  thus,  the  signs  and  syndromes  related  to  the  sick  buildings  are  a  problem  with  emergent
__label__environmentmonitoring significance  in  public  health  and  have  likewise  been  associated  with  lower  productivity  and  greater  absenteeism.  the  etiology  of  the  sbs  and  the  building  associated  disorders  might  incorporate  chemical  pollutants  both  from  outdoor  and  indoor  sources,  biological  agents,  emotional  issues,  electromagnetic  radiation,  the  deficiency  of  sunlight,  humidity,  poor  acoustics,  deficient  ergonomics,  and  bad  ventilation  .  although  the  importance  of  indoor  air  quality  for  public  health  still  exists,  there  is  a  lack  of  interest  in  the  new  scientific  methods  to  improve  indoor  air  quality  in  developed  countries  .  ventilation  is  used  in  buildings  to  create  thermally  comfortable  environments  with  acceptable  iaq  by
__label__environmentmonitoring regulating  indoor  air  parameters,  such  as  air  temperature,  relative  humidity,  airspeed,  and  chemical  species  concentrations  in  the  air  .  an  iaq  evaluation  system  provides  an  important  way  to  find  and  enhance  the  indoor  environmental  quality.  local  and  distributed  valuation  of  chemical  concentrations  is  substantial  not  only  for  security  gas  spills  recognition,  pollution  supervising  and  wellbeing  applications  but  also  for  efficient  temperature  regulation,  ventilation  and  air  conditioning  hvac  system  for  energy  efficiency  .  iaq  monitoring  offers  an  uninterrupted  stream  of  data  for  centralized  regulation  of  building  automation  procedures,  and  delivers  a  solution  for  enhanced  build  management  .  realtime  supervision  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring iaq  is  assumed  as  an  essential  tool  of  extreme  importance  to  plan  interventions  for  enhanced  occupational  health.  in  recent  past,  numerous  systems  have  been  created  on  behalf  of  environmental  supervision,  constantly  beside  the  intention  to  increase  the  iaq  .  the  accessibility  of  costeffective,  energy  efficient,  and  smallscale  embedded  computers,  radios,  sensors,  and  actuators,  regularly  incorporated  on  a  unique  chip,  has  been  conducted  for  the  incorporation  of  wireless  communications  to  cooperate  with  the  material  world  for  iaq  supervision  and  enhanced  living  environments  .  in  this  chapter,  the  authors  present  several  new  opensource  and  costeffective  systems  that  had  been  developed  for  monitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring environmental  parameters,  always  with  the  aim  of  improving  iaq  for  enhanced  healthy  buildings.  the  chapter  is  structured  as  follows:  besides  the  introduction  section  1,  section  2  introduces  iot  and  aal  themes,  and  section  3  is  concerned  with  presenting  several  iaq  systems  for  enhanced  living  environments,  and  section  3.2  demonstrates  a  comparison  between  the  proposed  systems,  and  the  conclusions  are  presented  in  section  3.5.  ambient  assisted  living  aal  is  closely  related  to  the  necessity  of  pervasive  healthcare  supervision,  and  the  main  aim  is  to  contribute  to  the  pervasion  of  the  independence  and  wellbeing  for  older  adults  using  information  and  communication  technologies
__label__environmentmonitoring icts  .  nowadays,  there  are  numerous  aal  solutions  that  can  be  found  in  literature  that  incorporate  a  large  number  of  different  types  of  sensors  for  biological  supervision.  these  solutions  typically  incorporate  wireless  communication  technologies  for  data  sharing  and  collection  such  as  zigbee,  bluetooth,  ethernet  ,  and  wifi  .  at  the  second  half  of  this  century,  20  of  the  humankind  will  be  of  age  60  or  above  ,  which  is  linked  with  several  complex  problems  for  public  health.  first  of  all,  this  will  provoke  an  increase  in  disorders,  healthcare  budget,  and  the  scarcity  of  caretakers,  which  will  conduct  to  a  giant
__label__environmentmonitoring social  impact.  another  import  argument  is  that  people  typically  choose  to  remain  in  their  homes  even  paying  the  cost  of  the  nursing  care  ,  which  indicate  the  research  of  aal  solutions  architectures  as  unquestionably  a  subject  of  extraordinary  significance  taking  into  account  the  humankind  aging.  aal  researches  are  planned  to  encounter  the  requirements  of  the  elderly  population  to  preserve  their  independence  as  long  as  conceivable.  on  the  one  hand,  improvements  in  telecommunications,  sensors,  and  embedded  processors  conducted  to  the  delivery  of  realtime  supervising  and  personalized  healthcare  solutions  to  entities,  which  are  able  to  be  currently  used  in  their  habitats.  on
__label__environmentmonitoring the  other  hand,  these  incessant  scientific  developments  create  the  elaboration  of  smart  cyberphysical  systems  for  enhanced  living  environments  and  occupational  health.  although  there  is  a  portion  of  issues  in  the  creation  of  an  effective  aal  ecosystem  such  as  data  architecture,  interface  design,  humancomputer  communication,  ergonomics,  usability  and  availability  ,  there  are  also  collective  and  moral  difficulties  as  the  recognition  by  the  older  people  and  the  privacy  and  confidentiality  that  would  stand  as  a  prerequisite  of  the  entirely  aal  solutions.  indeed,  it  is  likewise  crucial  to  guarantee  that  technology  does  not  substitute  the  human  care  but  instead  must  be  an  extraordinary
__label__environmentmonitoring compliment.  internet  of  things  iot  stands  as  a  standard  where  things  are  linked  to  the  internet  and  incorporate  data  collection  capabilities.  the  basic  idea  of  the  iot  is  the  pervasive  presence  of  a  variety  of  objects  with  interaction  and  cooperation  capabilities  among  them  to  reach  a  common  objective  ,  ,  .  it  is  anticipated  that  the  iot  will  provoke  a  considerable  effect  on  numerous  characteristics  of  daily  life  and  this  paradigm  will  be  incorporated  in  several  purposes  such  as  domotics,  assisted  living,  ehealth  and  is  likewise  a  perfect  emergent  knowledge  to  offer  novel  evolving  data  and  computational  resources  on  behalf
__label__environmentmonitoring of  generating  groundbreaking  software  applications  .  iot  architectures  should  incorporate  wireless  communication  technologies.  nowadays,  several  wireless  communication  technologies  are  available  such  as  bluetoothbased  technologies,  wifibased  technologies,  nearfield  communication  nfcbased  technologies,  and  gsmbased  technologies.  iot  solutions  must  stand  pervasive,  be  context  aware,  and  allow  environment  intelligence  skills  that  are  directly  connected  to  aal.  iot  is  an  appropriate  method  to  construct  wellbeing  solutions.  scientific  developments  turn  possible  to  create  novel  and  innovative  instruments  to  empower  realtime  healthcare  supervising  solutions  for  decisionmaking  in  the  management  of  several  syndromes.  nowadays,  several  iot  architectures  had  been  implemented  for  clinical  monitoring  that  claim  iot  as  a
__label__environmentmonitoring reliable  platform  to  develop  personalized  healthcare  systems.  due  to  bluetooth  technology,  the  use  of  wearables  for  data  collection  and  smartphones  for  data  transmission  is  now  possible  to  provide  physiological  parameter  supervision  .  in  2009,  several  research  initiatives  for  remote  healthcare  was  been  developed  using  iot.  furthermore,  iot  can  increase  the  knowledge  of  data  collection,  which  support  iot  solutions  in  the  medical  area  .  on  behalf  of  the  potential  of  the  iot  concept  for  wellbeing  solutions  nowadays  several  challenges  to  be  overcome  still  subsist.  the  influence  and  impact  of  the  iot  in  the  todays  market  is  not  clearly  known,  as  well
__label__environmentmonitoring as  the  acceptance  of  pervasive  and  ubiquitous  iot  products.  although  the  scientific  advancements  that  turn  iot  healthcare  systems  currently  are  feasible,  the  timing  might  be  too  early  .  the  smart  city  conception  has  lately  presented  as  a  tactical  strategy  to  face  contemporary  municipal  manufacture  features  in  a  mutual  framework  and,  in  specific,  to  focus  the  significance  of  ict  in  the  previous  20years  for  increasing  the  economical  profile  of  a  city  as  suggested  by  .  currently,  cities  have  fascinating  challenges  and  complications  to  gather  socioeconomic  progress  and  quality  of  life  intents.  the  smart  cities  are  related  to  react  to  these  problems
__label__environmentmonitoring .  the  smart  city  is  also  straightly  connected  to  an  emergent  approach  to  decrease  the  difficulties  produced  by  the  urban  population  progress  and  quick  urbanization  .  the  highest  significant  challenge  in  smart  cities  is  the  interoperability  of  the  diverse  technologies.  iot  might  be  able  to  offer  the  interoperability  to  develop  an  integrated  urbanscale  ict  architecture  for  smart  cities  .  the  smart  city  execution  will  produce  effects  at  diverse  stages  such  as  effects  on  science,  effects  on  technology  and  competitiveness,  and  effects  on  culture;  however,  this  will  likewise  provoke  ethical  concerns  as  the  smart  city  requires  to  offer  accurate  data  access
__label__environmentmonitoring as  it  becomes  fundamental,  once  such  data  are  accessible  at  a  fine  spatial  scale  where  people  can  be  recognized  .  iot  has  an  important  potential  to  build  novel  reallife  solutions  and  services  for  the  smart  city  background  .  several  solutions  have  been  developed  to  improve  the  occupational  health,  aiming  to  provide  realtime  monitoring  of  indoor  environments  for  enhanced  living  environments  and  occupational  health.  these  solutions  could  revolutionize  the  indoor  environments  contributing  to  enhanced  healthy  buildings  and  to  decrease  the  sbs  problem.  some  systems  developed  by  the  authors  are  described  below.  iaq  system  iaq  system  is  an  automatic  lowcost  indoor  air
__label__environmentmonitoring quality  monitoring  wireless  sensor  network  system,  developed  using  arduino  ,  xbee  modules,  and  microsensors.  this  solution  can  be  accessed  by  the  building  supervisor  to  identify  a  diversity  of  factors  as  temperature,  humidity,  luminosity,  carbon  dioxide  co  ,  and  carbon  monoxide  co,  in  real  time.  other  parameters  can  be  analyzed  for  particular  contaminants  as  other  sensors  might  be  added  for  data  collection.  the  iaq  sensor  is  responsible  for  the  environmental  data  collection  and  to  transmit  these  data  to  the  iaq  gateway  .  the  iaq  gateway  uses  web  services  to  provide  data  transmission  and  storage  in  a  mysql  database.  the  web  services
__label__environmentmonitoring was  been  developed  in  php  .  iaq  wsn  architecture,  from  29.  the  iaq  system  can  incorporate  one  or  more  iaq  sensors  .  the  iaq  sensors  not  only  collect  data  from  the  environment  but  also  send  these  data  to  the  iaq  gateway  and  can  be  placed  in  different  locations.  the  iaq  gateway  ,  which  is  linked  to  the  internet  through  an  arduino  ethernet  shield,  is  responsible  for  the  data  storage.  iaq  sensor  hardware,  from  29.  the  web  portal  iaq  web  was  been  developed  in  php  and  supports  authentication.  this  web  portal  is  responsible  for  the  availability  of  the  data  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring end  user.  accessing  the  iaq  web  is  possible  to  analyze  the  environmental  quality.  the  data  can  be  analyzed  as  numeric  values  or  in  chart  form.  the  iaq  web  is  prepared  with  a  notification  manager  that  notifies  the  user  in  case  a  particular  parameter  overdoes  the  maximum  value.  this  portal  additionally  acknowledges  the  user  to  retain  the  parameters  history.  offering  a  history  of  changes,  this  system  provides  an  evaluation  platform  to  accurately  analyze  the  iaq  behavior.  furthermore,  it  is  possible  to  take  actions  in  the  environment  to  increase  the  air  quality  in  the  building  in  real  time.  the  wireless  communication  features
__label__environmentmonitoring are  created  with  the  zigbee  networking  protocol.  several  xbee  modules  are  used  to  implement  the  ieee  802.15.4  radio  standard  .  this  standard  identifies  the  physical  and  medium  access  control  layers  for  low  datarate  personal  networks.  zigbee  is  a  costeffective,  energy  efficient,  support  mesh  networks  standard  and  was  develop  upon  802.15.4.  radio  waves  are  transmitted  from  iaq  sensor  to  the  base  station  iaq  gateway  .  iaq  mobile  system  currently,  smartphones  incorporate  high  processing  specifications  aside  from  a  diversity  of  sensors  appropriated  to  the  research  and  development  of  aal  systems.  sensors  such  as  global  position  system  gps  ,  bluetooth  low  energy  ble
__label__environmentmonitoring ,  camera,  microphone,  luminosity,  accelerometer,  gyroscope,  and  nearfield  communication  nfc.  as  for  the  importance  of  the  smartphones  role  in  human  life,  iaq  solution  has  been  updated  with  an  android  application  ,  .  this  mobile  application  was  designed  to  provide  quick  and  easy  access  to  iaq  system  to  allow  the  end  user  to  keep  all  the  relevant  information  of  iaq  system  in  your  pocket.  this  application  provides  data  authentication  and  protection  mechanisms  for  information  visualizations  and  allows  one  to  view  system  data  in  detail  and  receive  notifications  when  any  of  the  values  exceed  normal  values.  this  mobile  application  was  developed  for
__label__environmentmonitoring the  android  mobile  operating  system.  the  integrated  development  environment  ide  android  studio  was  used  to  build  the  application.  the  minimum  requirement  is  the  application  programming  interface  api  15:  android  4.0.3  ice  cream  sandwich.  according  to  the  ide,  this  mobile  app  is  compatible  with  96.2  of  active  devices  in  the  google  play  store  information  collected  on  january  22,  2016.  represents  the  mobile  application  features.  the  left  image  represents  the  login  screen  of  the  application  that  guarantees  the  authentication  before  data  access.  the  right  image  represents  the  ability  to  select  one  of  the  monitored  locations  that  correspond  to  a  specific  iaq  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring node.  the  user  can  access  to  the  current  humidity,  temperature,  carbon  dioxide,  carbon  monoxide,  and  light  values.  android  app,  from  33.  using  the  mobile  app,  the  user  can  likewise  rapidly  access  to  the  alerts  generated  when  the  monitored  parameters  exceed  the  minimum  or  the  maximum  values.  iaq  iot  system  iaq  solution  has  also  been  updated  to  adopt  an  iot  architecture  using  the  esp8266  and  be  a  fully  wireless  solution  for  iaq.  iaq  iot  gateway  has  replaced  the  arduino  by  a  wemos  mini  d1  wemos  electronics  as  a  processing  unit.  the  processing  unit  is  a  miniaturized  wifi  board  based  on  esp8266ex.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  board  incorporates  11digital  input  pins  and  1  digital  output  pin,  and  1  analogue  input  pin.  the  interface  used  for  programming  and  power  is  microusb.  wemos  mini  d1  can  be  programmed  using  the  arduino  ide  and  incorporate  32  bits  cpu  with  an  80/160mhz  clock  speed,  which  works  at  3.3v,  4mb  flash,  and  has  34.225.6mm  size  and  a  weight  of  10g.  a  majority  of  the  iaq  supervision  solutions  currently  available  on  the  market  are  especially  expensive  and  only  permit  the  collection  of  arbitrary  values  from  the  environment.  iaq  iot  is  an  iaq  solution  developed  on  top  of  the  iot  concept  that
__label__environmentmonitoring integrates  in  its  assembly  arduino,  esp8266  ,  and  xbee  technologies  for  data  processing  and  transmission  and  sensors  for  data  collection.  iaq  iot  gateway  incorporates  only  wireless  communication  technologies  to  interact  with  the  nodes  as  well  as  for  internet  accessibility.  it  collects  data  from  iaq  sensor  using  an  xbee  module  and  then  uses  wifi  to  provide  data  storage  to  a  mysql  database  using  web  services.  the  schematic  and  connections  used  in  iaq  gateway  are  described  in  .  iaq  iot  gateway,  from  33.  iaq  wifi  system  iaq  wifi  is  a  realtime  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  solution  that  is  capable  of  measuring  temperature,
__label__environmentmonitoring humidity,  pm10,  co  ,  and  luminosity  in  real  time.  this  solution  is  based  on  the  iot  concept  and  is  fully  wireless.  the  access  to  the  internet  in  order  to  provide  data  storage  of  the  monitored  parameters  is  developed  using  the  esp8266  chip,  which  implements  the  ieee  802.11  b/g/n  networking  protocol  and  supports  radio  transmission  within  the  2.4ghz  band.  this  solution  incorporates  opensource  technologies,  using  an  arduino  uno  as  a  microcontroller  as  processing  unit  and  an  esp8266  module  as  the  communication  unit.  the  monitored  data  are  uploaded  to  the  thingspeak  platform.  thingspeak  is  an  opensource  iot  platform  that  offers  apis  for
__label__environmentmonitoring storing  and  retrieving  data  from  sensors  and  devices  using  http  .  iaq  wifi  prototype  is  represented  in  .  iaq  wifi  prototype,  from  34.  the  end  user  can  access  the  data  from  the  web  page  provided  by  thingspeak  platform  or  can  use  the  smartphone  app  developed  in  swift  ,  an  opensource  programming  language  with  xcode  ide  created  for  ios  operating  system.  iaq  wifi  system  architecture  is  based  on  iot.  represents  the  system  architecture  used  by  the  authors.  iaq  wifi  system  architecture,  from  34.  the  arduino  uno  incorporates  sensors  that  are  responsible  for  the  data  collection  and  send  that  information  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring esp8266  by  serial  communication.  the  esp8266  is  connected  to  the  internet  using  wifi  and  is  responsible  for  uploading  the  data  received  to  the  thingspeak  platform.  the  mobile  application  is  denominated  by  iaq  wifi  mobile  ,  and  is  developed  using  xcode  ide  and  swift  programming  language.  the  iaq  wifi  mobile  has  the  ios  7  as  the  minimum  requirement.  the  mobile  application  provides  authentication  to  authorized  users.  the  end  user  after  login  can  analyze  the  historymonitored  data  in  numerical  or  graphical  representation.  iaq  wifi  mobile  app,  from  34.  iairc  system  iairc  is  a  solution  for  carbon  dioxide  co  realtime  monitoring  based  on
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  architecture.  to  have  a  lowcost  system,  only  one  type  of  indoor  air  pollutant  was  chosen  .  in  one  hand,  when  the  co  level  extends  710,  an  individual  can  lose  consciousness  within  minutes  and  might  stand  at  risk  of  death.  on  the  other  hand,  a  low  intensity  of  co  stands  inoffensive  to  humans.  it  is  well  known  that  co  levels  are  linked  with  dizziness  and  sleepiness  leading  to  low  productivity  at  work  .  therefore,  it  is  significant  to  provide  a  realtime  co  supervision  and  develop  a  notification  system  for  enhanced  living  environments.  the  intensity  of  co  the  main  greenhouse  gasis
__label__environmentmonitoring steadily  increased  to  400ppm  ppm,  reaching  new  records  every  year  since  they  began  to  be  produced  in  1984  .  co  was  chosen  because  it  is  easy  to  measure,  and  it  is  produced  in  quantity  from  multiple  sources  by  people  and  combustion  equipment.  consequently,  it  should  be  assumed  as  an  indicator  of  other  contaminants,  and  consequently  of  iaq  in  common.  the  iairc  solution  incorporates  a  prototype  for  environmental  data  collection  and  a  mobile  application  for  data  access  and  supervision.  this  solution  use  wifi  for  internet  access,  which  conduct  to  a  diversity  of  advantages  such  as  modularity,  scalability,  lowcost  and  easy  installation.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  data  are  stored  in  the  thingspeak  cloud  platform  and  then  can  be  consulted  using  the  mobile  app  or  thingspeak  web  portal.  iairc  consists  of  two  components,  an  esp8266  thing  dev  sparkfun  microcontroller  and  an  mhz19  carbon  dioxide  sensor  developed  by  winsensor  .  iairc  prototype  left;  and  iairc  mobile  right,  from  35.  the  esp8266  sparkfun  microcontroller  incorporates  integrated  wifi  features  and  is  used  mutually  for  data  processing  and  communication.  the  iairc  is  a  lowcost,  reliable  system  that  can  be  easily  configured  and  installed  by  the  average  user.  for  this,  iairc  incorporates  a  low  cost  but  very  reliable  carbon  dioxide  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring and  a  microcontroller  with  native  wifi  support.  the  mobile  application  is  denominated  by  iairc  mobile  ,  and  is  developed  using  xcode  ide  and  swift  programming  language  .  using  the  iairc  mobile,  the  end  user  after  authentication  not  only  can  access  to  realtime  co  levels  but  also  to  be  notified  when  the  iaq  is  defective  .  ample  physical  evidence  shows  that  co  is  the  single  most  important  climaterelevant  greenhouse  gas  in  earths  atmosphere  and  high  external  charges  mean  that  they  naturally  lead  to  higher  indoor  concentrations  due  to  the  contribution  of  the  internal  sources  human  metabolism  and  combustion  equipment  ,  .
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  imperative  to  control  the  concentration  of  co  effectively  and  the  authors  believe  that  the  first  step  is  to  monitor  to  perceive  its  variation  in  real  time  and  to  plan  interventions  for  its  reduction.  idust  pm  is  related  to  numerous  serious  health  problems.  idust  is  a  realtime  pm  exposure  monitoring  system  and  decisionmaking  tool  for  enhanced  healthcare  based  on  an  iot  architecture  .  it  was  developed  using  opensource  technologies  and  lowcost  sensors.  this  architecture  has  been  developed  in  order  to  provide  an  evaluation  platform  that  can  be  acceded  to  by  the  building  manager  in  order  to  analyze  the  pm
__label__environmentmonitoring behavior  of  the  indoor  environment  in  detail.  furthermore,  the  build  manager  can  take  action  in  real  time  in  order  to  provide  a  safe  and  healthful  place  for  the  occupants.  pm  exposure  data  can  be  exceptionally  precious  to  provide  support  to  a  clinical  examination  by  medical  experts  as  the  therapeutic  panel  could  analyze  the  record  of  iaq  factors  of  the  environment  everywhere  the  patient  resides  and  link  this  reports  alongside  his  health  problems.  on  the  other  hand,  by  supervising  iaq,  it  stands  plausible  to  identify  the  air  quality  circumstances  appropriately  plus,  if  required,  plan  interventions  to  drop  the  pm  exposure  concentrations.
__label__environmentmonitoring idust  stands  as  an  ict  solution  for  realtime  iaq  managing  that  allows  the  end  user,  as  the  building  manager  to  analyze  the  pm  exposure  behavior.  this  system  incorporates  wemos  d1  mini  as  a  microcontroller  and  is  developed  using  the  arduino  ide  .  the  parameters  are  supervised  using  the  idust  prototype,  which  is  responsible  for  data  collection.  the  monitored  data  are  stored  in  a  sql  server  database  using  web  services  built  in  .net.  an  authenticated  user  is  able  to  access  the  iaq  information  using  the  web  portal  created  in  asp.net  .  the  information  collected  is  accessible  in  a  dashboard  in  mutually
__label__environmentmonitoring numeric  values  or  graph  form.  likewise,  the  web  portal  stores  the  history  of  the  pm  exposure  behavior.  the  web  application  incorporates  a  important  notification  manager  that  notifies  the  build  manager  when  a  particular  parameter  exceeds  the  maximum  value.  idust  is  a  costeffective,  consistent  method,  which  can  easily  be  parametrized  and  installed  by  the  regular  people.  on  behalf  of  this,  the  authors  had  selected  a  costeffective  but  very  reliable  pm  sensor  and  a  microcontroller  with  builtin  wifi  communication  technology.  this  architecture  incorporates  of  two  components:  a  microcontroller  and  a  pms5003  pm  sensor  plantower  ,  which  features  scattering  method  to  quantify  the
__label__environmentmonitoring rate  of  particles  suspended  in  the  air  with  a  diameter  of  10  microns  or  less  pm10,  2.5  microns  or  less  pm2.5,  and  1.0  microns  or  less  pm1.0  .  idust  connection  diagram,  from  41.  the  web  application  allows  the  build  manager  to  save  the  parameters  history  as  is  presented  in  .  providing  a  history  of  changes  turns  possible  to  do  an  accurate  and  detailed  analysis  of  the  pm  exposure  behavior.  idust  web  application,  from  41.  idust  system  uses  the  esp8266  for  both  processing  and  internet  connectivity.  the  incorporation  of  the  esp8266  has  an  additional  significant  functionality  as  it  offers  to  the
__label__environmentmonitoring regular  user  an  easy  configuration  of  the  wifi  network.  the  esp8266  is  by  default  a  wifi  client,  although  when  a  known  wifi  network  is  not  available,  or  in  case  there  are  no  wireless  networks  available,  the  esp8266  will  turn  to  hotspot  mode  and  will  transmit  a  wifi  network  with  an  service  set  identifier  ssid  iaqidust.  after  that,  the  regular  user  could  be  connected  to  this  wifi  network  to  configure  the  wifi  network  to  which  the  idust  is  going  to  be  connected.  the  regular  user  must  introduce  the  ssid  and  password  using  a  web  form  as  represented  in  .  idust  wifi
__label__environmentmonitoring configuration,  from  41.  several  solutions  for  iaq  supervision,  which  support  opensource  technologies  for  data  processing,  collection,  and  transmission  that  offers  mobile  computing  architectures  for  realtime  data  accessibility,  was  presented  in  section  3.  mainly,  iaq  monitoring  is  a  trending  topic  for  which  some  other  lowcost  and  opensource  monitoring  systems  had  been  developed.  a  summary  of  these  studies  is  presented  in  .  iaq  iaq  mobile  iaq  iot  iaq  wifi  iairc  idust  summary  of  the  presented  systems  for  realtime  indoor  air  quality  monitoring.  mcu:  microcontroller;  :  apply;  :  not  apply.  in  general,  all  the  systems  presented  not  only  use  costeffective  sensors  and  use
__label__environmentmonitoring opensource  technologies,  but  also  have  notification  systems  that  allow  users  to  act  in  real  time  to  significantly  improve  indoor  air  quality  through  the  ventilation  or  deactivation  of  pollutant  equipment.  the  presented  solutions  make  a  significant  contribution  compared  to  existing  air  quality  monitoring  systems  due  to  its  low  cost  of  construction,  installation,  modularity,  scalability,  and  easy  access  to  monitoring  data  in  real  time  through  the  web  and  mobile  applications.  all  the  presented  solutions  aim  to  offer  the  support  to  a  medical  examination  by  clinical  professionals  as  the  medical  team  might  analyze  the  history  of  iaq  parameters  collected  from  the  environments  where
__label__environmentmonitoring the  patient  lives  and  relate  these  records  with  his  health  complications.  an  essential  advantage  of  the  use  of  zigbee  communication  iaq  ,  iaq  mobile  and  iaq  iot  is  that  we  can  have  many  iaq  sensors  collecting  indoor  air  quality  data,  and  only  one  iaq  gateway  must  be  connected  to  the  internet  as  zigbee  have  an  indoor  rf  lineofsight  range  up  to  50m.  it  is  essential  for  some  scenarios,  in  this  way,  as  it  is  no  longer  being  required  for  wifi  network  coverage  throughout  all  area  of  housing  and  it  needs  only  an  internet  connection  at  the  location  of  iaq  gateway
__label__environmentmonitoring .  of  about  56  of  american  adults  are  now  smartphone  holders  .  in  netherlands,  70  of  the  regular  people  and  over  90  of  teenagers  have  a  smartphone  .  the  usage  of  mobile  phones  represents  on  average  86min  per  day  median  58min  as  proposed  by  .  people  use  the  smartphone  even  when  they  are  close  to  the  computer  .  mobile  computing  offers  the  possibility  to  check  the  data  and  gather  notifications  anytime  and  anywhere.  realtime  notifications  provide  a  reliable  method  to  maintain  healthy  indoor  environment  to  increase  the  occupants  health,  productivity,  and  wellbeing  as  the  building  manager  can  react  at  time.
__label__environmentmonitoring consequently,  mobile  applications  were  been  created  in  iaq  mobile  ,  iaq  iot  ,  iaq  wifi  ,  and  iairc  .  iaq  iot  system  incorporates  not  only  wireless  communication  technologies  to  interact  between  iaq  sensors  and  iaq  iot  gateway  but  also  for  internet  connection.  therefore,  the  implementation  and  installation  cost  is  lower  when  compared  with  other  solutions  that  use  ethernet  to  connect  the  gateway  to  the  internet.  this  solution  could  easily  be  designed  to  use  only  as  many  iaq  sensors  as  needed  due  to  their  modularity  and  integrates  the  benefits  of  the  wsn  and  iot  architectures.  iaq  wifi  and  iairc  use  cloud
__label__environmentmonitoring service  for  data  storage  and  data  access.  the  use  of  cloud  service  has  several  advantages  referring  the  cost  and  security  of  the  storage  data.  iaq  wifi  ,  iairc  ,  and  idust  have  benefits  both  in  easy  installation  and  configuration,  not  only  due  to  the  use  of  wireless  technology  for  communications,  but  also  because  they  were  developed  to  be  compatible  with  all  domestic  house  devices  and  not  only  for  smart  houses  or  hightech  houses.  these  systems  are  particularly  useful  for  the  analysis  of  iaq.  these  functionalities  create  an  easy  product  installation,  which  is  directly  related  to  iot  concept.  the  common  iaq
__label__environmentmonitoring supervising  architectures  should  be  installed  by  specialized  professional,  although  the  iaq  wifi,  iairc,  and  idust  solutions  can  be  installed  by  the  regular  people  using  a  gadget  with  wifi  connectivity,  which  decrease  the  costs  related  to  the  installation.  compared  to  other  systems,  iairc  and  idust  systems  incorporate  only  one  sensor,  which  provides  advantages  both  in  ease  of  installation  and  configuration  due  to  the  use  of  wireless  technology  but  also  due  to  its  small  size.  these  systems  use  the  esp8266  for  both  processing  and  internet  connectivity.  this  method  not  only  delivers  numerous  benefits  concerning  the  decrease  of  the  system  cost,  but  also
__label__environmentmonitoring increases  the  processing  power  as  the  esp8266  has  an  80  mhz  cpu,  while  the  arduino  uno  has  a  16  mhz  cpu,  for  example.  this  chapter  has  presented  several  solutions  for  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  and  decisionmaking  tools  for  enhanced  healthcare.  all  the  given  solutions  were  developed  using  opensource  technologies,  costeffective  sensors,  low  price  of  construction,  installation,  modularity,  scalability,  and  easy  access  to  monitoring  data.  the  results  obtained  by  these  solutions  are  auspicious,  as  this  kind  of  systems  might  be  used  to  provide  a  detailed  stream  of  data  that  can  be  used  by  the  building  manager  for  correct  maintenance  to  offer
__label__environmentmonitoring not  only  a  safe  but  also  a  healthy  environment  for  enhanced  living  environments.  on  the  one  hand,  the  realtime  monitoring  is  a  significant  method  to  support  the  clinical  analysis  by  medical  specialists  as  the  therapeutic  team  could  analyze  the  history  of  iaq  conditions  of  the  environment  where  the  patient  resides  and  link  these  data  with  his  health  problems.  on  the  other  hand,  by  supervising  iaq,  it  is  conceivable  to  identify  the  poor  air  quality  situations  appropriately  and  plan  interventions  for  enhanced  living  environments.  the  wsn  architecture  is  appropriated  to  large  buildings  with  no  wifi  networks  available.  however,  the  iot  architecture
__label__environmentmonitoring is  appropriated  to  domestic  homes  as  the  majority  provide  wifi  access  points  and  also  because  the  easy  installation  and  configuration  allows  the  user  to  start  with  a  few  devices  and  increase  the  number  of  them  as  he  needs.  in  the  opinion  of  the  authors,  the  future  of  air  quality  monitoring  solutions  focuses  on  the  development  of  wifi  systems  that  incorporate  only  one  sensor.  in  this  way,  the  user  can  not  only  create  an  ecosystem  to  suit  them  by  monitoring  the  parameters  he  wants,  but  can  also  make  the  systems  more  costeffective  and  easier  to  install.  as  a  future  work,  the
__label__environmentmonitoring proposed  solutions  should  plan  software  and  hardware  improvements  to  fit  specific  cases  such  as  hospitals,  schools,  and  industry.  it  is  also  essential  to  create  secure  methods  for  data  sharing  between  the  medical  team  in  order  to  support  clinical  diagnostics.  the  authors  believe  that  in  the  future,  systems  like  the  presented  ones  will  be  used  as  an  integral  part  of  the  daily  human  routine  in  order  to  provide  safe  and  productive  living  environments.  the  financial  support  from  the  research  unit  for  inland  development  of  the  polytechnic  institute  of  guarda  is  acknowledged.  the  authors  declare  no  conflict  of  interest.  2018  the  authors.
__label__environmentmonitoring licensee  intechopen.  this  chapter  is  distributed  under  the  terms  of  the  ,  which  permits  unrestricted  use,  distribution,  and  reproduction  in  any  medium,  provided  the  original  work  is  properly  cited.  help  us  write  another  book  on  this  subject  and  reach  those  readers  login  to  your  personal  dashboard  for  more  detailed  statistics  on  your  publications.  edited  by  by  naglaa  sami  abdelaziz  mahmoud  edited  by  by  p.  lalanda,  j.  bourcier,  j.  bardin  and  s.  chollet  we  are  intechopen,  the  worlds  leading  publisher  of  open  access  books.  built  by  scientists,  for  scientists.  our  readership  spans  scientists,  professors,  researchers,  librarians,  and  students,  as  well  as
__label__environmentmonitoring business  professionals.  we  share  our  knowledge  and  peerreveiwed  research  papers  with  libraries,  scientific  and  engineering  societies,  and  also  work  with  corporate  rd  departments  and  government  entities.  headquarters  intechopen  limited  7th  floor  10  lower  thames  street  london,  ec3r  6af,  uk  phone:  44  0203  972  6202  2019  intechopen.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  .  slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  for  details.  iot  is  vast  subject  .....bt  i  am  just  trying  to  explain  it  from  simple  application  of  it  be  the  first  to  comment  linkedin  corporation  2019  looks  like  youve  clipped
__label__environmentmonitoring gallery  posts  projects  by  platform  latest  gallery  posts  post  date  created  by:  read  things  like  air  quality  and  co2  levels  with  this  nxp  rapid  iot  project.  nxp  rapid  iot  environmental  sensing  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  as  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only
__label__environmentmonitoring with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of  some  of  these  cookies  may  have  an  effect  on  your  browsing  experience.  necessary  cookies  are  absolutely  essential  for  the  website  to  function  properly.  this  category  only  includes  cookies  that  ensures  basic  functionalities  and  security  features  of  the  website.  these  cookies  do  not  store  any  personal  information.  any  cookies  that  may  not  be  particularly  necessary  for  the  website  to  function  and  is  used  specifically  to  collect  user  personal  data  via  analytics,  ads,  other  embedded  contents  are  termed  as  nonnecessary  cookies.  it  is  mandatory  to
__label__environmentmonitoring indoor  air  quality  iaq  systems  provide  a  feasible  way  to  maintain  a  healthy  environment.  the  purpose  of  this  study  is  to  investigate  iaq  monitoring  systems,  summarize  existing  studies,  and  to  recommend  research  on  iaq  monitoring  that  using  the  internet  of  things  iot.  in  this  systematic  review  the  author  analyzes  and  summarizes  articles  about  iaq  using  iot,  obtained  from  three  databases.  based  on  the  criteria,  there  were  36  studies  selected  that  discusses  iaq,  24  are  system  development,  six  are  evaluation  and  comparative  articles,  three  studies  proposes  methods,  and  the  other  three  are  review  articles.  from  the  articles,  there  are  only  six
__label__environmentmonitoring researchers  have  conducted  research  on  campus  environment.  the  relevant  past  research  was  reviewed  and  provided  discussion  material  on  monitoring  systems,  sensors,  devices  used,  and  internet  of  things  for  indoor  air  quality.  1  n.  marchetti,  a.  cavazzini,  l.  pasti,  and  m.  catani,  a  campus  sustainability  initiative  :  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  in  classrooms,  pp.  14,  2015.  2  b.  h.  sudantha  and  p.  m.  karunaratne,  iot  enabled  proactive  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  system  for  sustainable  health  management,  pp.  216221,  2017.  3  e.  diaz,  l.  patino,  and  j.  a.  siegel,  indoor  environmental  quality  in  social  housing:  a  literature  review,  build.  environ.,  2018.  4
__label__environmentmonitoring world  health  organization,  who  guidelines  for  indoor  air  quality:  selected  pollutants.  2010.  5  kesmas,  pedoman  who  untuk  kontrol  kualitas  udara  dalam  ruangan,  terkait  kelembaban  dan  jamur,  2016.  online.  available:  http://www.indonesianpublichealth.com/pedomanwhokualitasudaradalamruangan/.  accessed:  27feb2018.  6  s.  c.  hughes  et  al.,  randomized  trial  to  reduce  air  particle  levels  in  homes  of  smokers  and  children,  am.  j.  prev.  med.,  vol.  54,  no.  3,  pp.  359367,  2018.  7  united  states  environmental  protection  agency,  introduction  of  indoor  air  quality  indoor  air  pollution  and  health,  2017.  online.  available:  https://www.epa.gov/indoorairqualityiaq/introductionindoorairquality.  accessed:  01mar2018.  8  a.  martngarn,  j.  a.  millngarca,  a.  bari,  j.  millnmodel,  and  j.  m.  salalizarraga,  environmental  monitoring
__label__environmentmonitoring system  based  on  an  open  source  platform  and  the  internet  of  things  for  a  building  energy  retro  fi  t,  autom.  constr.,  vol.  87,  no.  march  2017,  pp.  201214,  2018.  9  prisma,  prisma  statement,  2015.  online.  available:  http://www.prismastatement.org/prismastatement/.  accessed:  28mar2018.  10  d.  moher  et  al.,  preferred  reporting  items  for  systematic  review  and  metaanalysis  protocols  prismap  2015  statement,  pp.  19,  2015.  11  a.  andrade,  indoor  air  quality  of  environments  used  for  physical  exercise  and  sports  practice  :  systematic  review,  vol.  206,  2018.  12  n.  madrid  and  r.  boulton,  remote  monitoring  of  winery  and  creamery  environments  with  a  wireless  sensor  system,  vol.  119,
__label__environmentmonitoring pp.  128139,  2017.  13  s.  kim,  investigating  everyday  information  behavior  of  using  ambient  displays  :  a  case  of  indoor  air  quality  monitors,  pp.  249252,  2018.  14  14  m.  ljubojevic  and  m.  zoric,  quality  of  life  context  influence  factors  improvement  using  houseplants  and  internet  of  things,  2016.  15  y.  geun  et  al.,  downsizing  gas  sensors  based  on  semiconducting  metal  oxide  :  effects  of  electrodes  on  gas  sensing  properties,  sensors  actuators  b.  chem.,  vol.  248,  pp.  949956,  2017.  16  l.  belussi  et  al.,  how  to  control  the  indoor  environmental  quality  through  the  use  of  the  doityourself  approach  and  new  pervasive  technologies,  energy
__label__environmentmonitoring procedia,  vol.  140,  pp.  351360,  2017.  17  t.  hong,  m.  lee,  and  j.  kim,  analysis  of  energy  consumption  and  indoor  temperature  distributions  in  educational  facility  based  on  cfdbes  model,  energy  procedia,  vol.  105,  pp.  37053710,  2017.  18  a.  l.  c.  ciribini  et  al.,  tracking  users  behaviors  through  realtime  information  in  bims  :  workflow  for  interconnection  in  the  brescia  smart  campus  demonstrator,  procedia  eng.,  vol.  180,  pp.  14841494,  2017.  19  u.  scale  et  al.,  examining  architectural  air  and  temperature  with  novel  sensing  techniques,  energy  procedia,  vol.  122,  pp.  11351140,  2017.  20  c.  yang,  s.  chen,  w.  den,  and  y.  wang,  implementation
__label__environmentmonitoring of  an  intelligent  indoor  environmental  monitoring  and  management  system  in  cloud,  futur.  gener.  comput.  syst.,  2018.  21  d.  lohani  and  d.  acharya,  smartvent:  a  contextaware  iot  system  to  measure  indoor  air  quality  and  ventilation  rate,  2016.  22  a.  szczurek,  m.  maciejewska,  and  t.  pietrucha,  occupancy  determination  based  on  time  series  of  co  2  concentration,  temperature,  and  relative  humidity,  energy  build.,  vol.  147,  pp.  142154,  2017.  23  s.  rinaldi,  f.  bittenbinder,  c.  liu,  p.  bellagente,  l.  c.  tagliabue,  and  a.  l.  c.  ciribini,  bidirectional  interactions  between  users  and  cognitive  buildings  by  means  of  smartphone  app,  vol.  40545387,  no.  40545387,  2016.  24
__label__environmentmonitoring tsi,  indoor  air  quality  handbook.  2013.  25  j.  molkadanielsen,  p.  engelseth,  and  h.  wang,  largescale  integration  of  wireless  sensor  network  technologies  for  air  quality  monitoring  at  a  logistics  shipping  base,  j.  ind.  inf.  integr.,  no.  november  2017,  pp.  01,  2018.  26  m.  waseem,  m.  mourshed,  d.  mundow,  and  m.  sisinni,  building  energy  metering  and  environmental  monitoring  a  stateoftheart  review  and  directions  for  future  research,  energy  build.,  vol.  120,  pp.  85102,  2016.  27  j.  choi,  j.  s.  park,  s.  chang,  and  h.  r.  lee,  multipurpose  connected  electronic  nose  system  for  health  screening  and  indoor  air  quality  monitoring,  pp.  495499,  2017.  28
__label__environmentmonitoring j.  pantelic  et  al.,  comparing  the  indoor  environmental  quality  of  a  displacement  ventilation  and  passive  chilled  beam  application  to  conventional  airconditioning  in  the  tropics,  build.  environ.,  vol.  130,  no.  november  2017,  pp.  128142,  2018.  29  b.  merikhi,  sciaqm  model  for  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  in  a  smart  community,  pp.  15621567,  2016.  30  m.  choi  et  al.,  design  and  implementation  of  iotbased  hvac  system  for  future  zero  energy  building,  no.  20154030200860,  2017.  31  g.  a.  m.  nastasi,  a.  scuderi,  h.  endres,  w.  hell,  and  k.  bock,  simple  costeffective  and  network  compatible  readout  for  capacitive  and  resistive  chemical  sensors,  procedia  eng.,  vol.
__label__environmentmonitoring 87,  pp.  12341238,  2014.  32  m.  g.  m.  johar  and  j.  a.  a.  awalluddin,  the  role  of  technology  acceptance  model  in  explaining  effect  on  ecommerce  application  system,  int.  j.  manag.  inf.  technol.,  vol.  3,  no.  3,  2011.  33  j.  shah  and  b.  mishra,  customized  iot  enabled  wireless  sensing  and  monitoring  platform  for  smart  buildings,  vol.  23,  pp.  256263,  2016.  34  y.  n.  malek,  a.  kharbouch,  h.  el  khoukhi,  m.  bakhouya,  and  v.  de  florio,  on  the  use  of  iot  and  big  data  technologies  for  realtime  monitoring  and  data  processing,  procedia  comput.  sci.,  vol.  113,  pp.  429434,  2017.  35  y.  jeon
__label__environmentmonitoring et  al.,  iotbased  occupancy  detection  system  in  indoor  residential  environments,  build.  environ.,  vol.  132,  no.  november  2017,  pp.  181204,  2018.  36  36  p.  p.  ray,  internet  of  things  cloudenabled  missenard  index  measurement  for  indoor  occupants,  measurement,  vol.  92,  pp.  157165,  2016.  37  37  x.  yang,  l.  yang,  and  j.  zhang,  a  wifienabled  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  and  control  system  :  the  design  and  control  experiments,  pp.  38,  2017.  38  p.  spachos,  demo  abstract  :  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  using  a  virtual  customer  premise  edge,  pp.  125126,  2016.  39  b.  fang,  q.  xu,  t.  park,  and  m.  zhang,  airsense  :  an
__label__environmentmonitoring intelligent  homebased  sensing  system  for  indoor  air  quality  analytics,  pp.  109119,  2016.  40  l.  zimmermann,  s.  member,  r.  weigel,  and  g.  fischer,  fusion  of  nonintrusive  environmental  sensors  for  occupancy  detection  in  smart  homes,  vol.  4662,  no.  c,  pp.  110,  2017.  41  j.  he,  l.  xu,  p.  wang,  and  q.  wang,  a  high  precise  enose  for  daily  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  in  living  environment,  integr.  vlsi  j.,  vol.  58,  no.  december  2016,  pp.  286294,  2017.  42  h.  wang,  c.  hsu,  t.  jian,  and  a.  chen,  on  the  design  and  implementation  of  an  innovative  smart  building  platform,  2016.  43  t.  jrvinen,  g.
__label__environmentmonitoring simone,  and  a.  rautio,  portable  cyberphysical  system  for  indoor  and  outdoor  gas  sensing,  sensors  actuators  b.  chem.,  vol.  252,  pp.  983990,  2017.  44  r.  g.  southall,  an  assessment  of  the  potential  of  supplyside  ventilation  demand  control  to  regulate  natural  ventilation  flow  patterns  and  reduce  domestic  space  heating  consumption,  energy  build.,  vol.  168,  pp.  201214,  2018.  45  p.  kumar  et  al.,  indoor  air  quality  and  energy  management  through  realtime  sensing  in  commercial  buildings,  energy  build.,  vol.  111,  pp.  145153,  2016  view  download  article  id:  22190  :  science  publishing  corporation,  rak  free  trade  zone  rak  ftz  business  park,  business  centre  4,  al
__label__environmentmonitoring share  this  post  with  individuals  spending  significant  amount  of  time  in  commercial  buildings,  indoor  air  quality  iaq  will  have  a  great  deal  of  impact  on  the  health  and  productivity  of  users  of  these  buildings.  contrary  to  popular  assumptions,  according  to  the  environmental  protection  agency  of  the  more  united  states  iaq  is  poorer  than  what  is  obtained  outdoors.  it  is  therefore  safe  to  infer  that  indoor  air  quality  in  many  commercial  buildings  can  pose  a  significant  hazard  to  the  health  and  safety  of  occupants.  more  breathing  polluted  air  has  been  incriminated  in  causing  or  exacerbating  life  threatening  diseases  such  as  lung
__label__environmentmonitoring cancer,  asthma,  bronchitis,  and  heart  related  diseases.  in  fact,  it  is  reported  that  polluted  air  is  now  the  fourthleading  source  of  fatal  health  risk.  additionally,  not  only  is  air  pollution  a  health  risk,  it  has  great  economic  implications.  illness  to  workers  will  hamper  productivity  as  well  as  increase  welfare  and  medical  cost.  it  therefore  became  apparent  that  something  needs  to  be  done  to  tackle  these  detrimental  effects  caused  by  poor  indoor  air  quality  in  commercial  buildings.  one  increasingly  popular  method  is  implementing  smart  technologies  and  internet  of  things  iot  in  the  detection,  monitoring  and  control  of  indoor  air  quality.  to
__label__environmentmonitoring achieve  the  desired  results,  smart  devices  are  integrated  with  the  concept  of  iot  to  deliver  real  time  results.  and  this  is  the  focus  of  this  post  to  highlight  how  indoor  air  quality  will  benefit  from  smart  tech  and  iot.  smart  technology  involves  devices  and  applications  that  have  the  capacity  to  detect  things  using  sensors;  provide  and  make  meaningful  sense  of  data  as  well  as  having  the  ability  to  automatically  conform  their  characteristics  to  fit  their  environment  and  purpose.  thats  not  all,  this  kind  of  technology  can  learn.  this  means  they  utilize  past  experiences  to  predict,  modify,  and  improve  performance.  physical
__label__environmentmonitoring devices  with  sensors,  databases,  and  wireless  connectivity  are  the  hallmark  of  a  typical  smart  technology.  this  technology  is  increasingly  being  used  in  commercial  buildings  to  perform  roles  that  include  making  energy  utilization  more  efficient,  secure,  and  for  improving  indoor  air  quality  iaq.  with  internet  of  things  iot,  it  is  possible  to  connect  appliances  together  over  a  network.  this  allows  communication  between  these  devices.  this  ability  to  collect  and  transmit  realtime  data  on  air  constituents,  temperature,  humidity,  pressure  etc.  that  can  be  used  to  make  inferences  makes  the  application  of  iot  in  boosting  the  quality  of  air  in  an  inbuilt  environment
__label__environmentmonitoring feasible.  the  data  collected  is  used  to  make  informed,  unbiased,  and  accurate  decisions  regarding  the  detection,  monitoring,  control  and  elimination  of  pollutants.  as  well  as  plus  other  factors  that  have  direct  bearing  on  the  quality  of  air.  for  example,  smart  devices  like  air  monitors  can  sense  and  accurately  inform  building  occupants  of  an  increase  in  the  level  of  an  air  pollutant  such  as  groundlevel  ozone.  this  information  can  then  be  used  to  implement  appropriate  decisions  that  will  ensure  the  health  and  safety  of  the  occupants  of  the  building.  as  awareness  on  indoor  pollution  in  commercial  built  environments  increases,  together  with
__label__environmentmonitoring the  desire  by  governments  and  regulators  to  keep  citizens  safe,  the  use  of  smart  technology  and  iot  to  improve  indoor  air  is  inevitable.  the  points  below  are  important  steps  through  which  the  quality  of  air  within  a  commercial  building  can  be  improved  using  smart  tech  and  iot.  monitors  with  special  sensors  can  measure  the  concentration  of  gases  and  pollutants  in  indoor  air.  the  data  generated  can  then  be  analyzed  and  interpreted.  some  of  the  gases  and  air  pollutants  measured  include  sulfur  dioxide,  carbon  monoxide,  volatile  organic  compounds  voc,  groundlevel  ozone,  particles  from  the  combustion  of  fossil  fuels  etc.  these  monitors
__label__environmentmonitoring will  continuously  monitor  the  level  of  air  constituents  and  should  the  level  of  a  pollutant  exceed  the  desired  threshold,  they  promptly  communicate  the  development  through  the  wireless  connection.  this  can  be  in  the  form  of  an  alarm  or  mobile  notification/  warning.  with  accurate  monitoring  and  early  detection  of  harmful  levels,  engineers,  building  managers  and  occupants  can  make  informed  decisions  to  investigate,  sanitize  the  air  or  temporarily  evacuate  the  premises  thus  ensuring  the  air  within  the  property  is  safe  and  tolerable  for  occupants.  earlier  we  understood  that  smart  technology  and  iot  can  be  used  to  monitor  the  quality  of  air.  taking
__label__environmentmonitoring it  a  step  further,  smart  devices  like  air  uv  purifiers,  cleaners,  and  ventilators  can  be  integrated  with  the  monitoring  system  so  that  the  whole  process  is  automated.  once  a  pollutant  of  significant  threat  is  identified,  the  air  can  then  be  purified.  depending  on  the  pollutant  in  question  air  can  be  purified:  uv  purifiers  attached  to  the  air  conditioner  can  kill  microbes  bacteria,  viruses,  mold,  mildew  etc.,  air  cleaners  utilize  filters  to  trap  pollutants,  while  ventilators  can  eliminate  and  replace  the  bad  air  with  fresh  healthy  air.  commercial  buildings  depend  on  hvac  systems  to  keep  the  indoor  environment  comfortable.  unfortunately,  these
__label__environmentmonitoring systems  can  also  be  liable  in  causing  poor  indoor  air  if  they  are  underperforming  or  faulty.  by  using  sensor  enabled  smart  tech  and  iot,  the  performance  of  hvac  systems  can  be  gauged  and  relevant  performance  based  data  acquired.  this  will  inform  decisions  such  as  servicing,  repair,  or  replacements  as  need  be.  by  so  doing,  the  performances  of  these  appliances  are  optimized  and  unexpected  downtime  is  avoided  which  in  turn  ensures  continuous  maintenance  of  good  iaq.  sometimes  indoor  air  pollution  is  caused  by  the  activities  of  occupants  of  buildings.  by  accurately  identifying  the  pollutant  using  smart  technology  and  iot,  the  source
__label__environmentmonitoring can  worked  out.  and  if  the  source  is  related  to  human  activities  or  habits,  concrete  steps  can  be  taken  to  modify  the  behavior  of  guilty  individuals  in  an  attempt  to  put  a  stop  to  indoor  air  pollution.  the  iot  and  smart  technology  provides  another  possibility  of  remotely  working,  sensing,  or  using  certain  types  of  services.  the  implication  is  that  people  do  not  necessary  need  to  congregate  in  one  location.  less  people  can  have  direct  consequence  in  improving  the  quality  of  air  in  a  typical  enclosed  environment  like  commercial  buildings.  maintaining  the  desired  air  quality  indoors  in  a  commercial  building  goes
__label__environmentmonitoring beyond  smart  devices  and  their  sensors.  it  requires  integration  which  is  what  iot  brings  to  the  table.  however,  thats  not  sufficient;  optimization  can  only  be  fully  achieved  when  the  entire  process  of  monitoring  and  treatment  of  indoor  air  is  automated  so  they  can  run  intelligently  and  seamlessly.  to  achieve  this,  smart  tech  and  iot  enabled  automation  tools  such  as  virtual  assistants  and  software  applications  can  be  used.  their  role  is  to  activate  specific  functions  based  on  certain  feedbacks.  for  example,  these  applications  will  instruct  air  purifiers  to  switch  on  once  the  air  monitors  detect  a  rise  in  voc.  the  response
__label__environmentmonitoring is  prompt,  irrespective  of  the  time  of  the  day  or  even  when  humans  are  busy,  absent,  or  fail  to  notice  detrimental  changes.  this  improves  the  efficiency  and  performance  of  the  entire  network  of  smart  devices  thus  positively  impacting  iaq.  the  internet  of  things  and  smart  technology  can  effectively  collect,  communicate,  and  act  on  information  regarding  indoor  air  quality  of  commercial  buildings.  in  addition  to  this,  their  ability  to  make  available  realtime  and  accurate  data  to  decisionmakers  that  allows  for  efficient  and  costefficient  solutions  is  priceless.  the  result  is  improved  indoor  air  quality  which  translates  into  better  health,  overall  wellbeing,  comfort,
__label__environmentmonitoring improved  productivity  and  performance  of  occupants  in  commercial  buildings.  if  you  have  any  questions  or  comments  that  you  would  like  to  share  with  us,  please  feel  free  to  reach  out  to  us  directly,  or  submit  a  comment  on  our  .
__label__environmentmonitoring due  to  a  large  influx  of  orders  some  users  may  experience  extended  lead  times  while  we  work  through  our  production  queue.  please  for  any  urgent  orders.  you  are  using  an  unsupported  browser  please  upgrade  your  version  of  ie  to  at  least  9,  or  use  a  modern  browser  such  as  or  .  features  introducing  ncds  iot  wireless  environment  temperature  humidity  pressure  and  air  quality  sensor,  boasting  up  to  a  2  mile  range  using  a  900mhz  wireless  mesh  networking  architecture.  incorporating  a  highresolution  sensor,  this  device  samples  and  processes  temperature,  pressure,  humidity  and  gas  resistance.  once  environmental  data  is  collected,  it  transmits
__label__environmentmonitoring this  information  to  a  gateway  or  modem  up  to  2  miles  away.  the  whole  process  is  repeated  at  userdefined  intervals.  for  technical  details  on  the  sensing  capabilities,  please  refer  to  the  bosch  bme680  datasheet.  powered  by  just  2  aa  batteries  and  an  operational  lifetime  of  300,000  wireless  transmissions,  a  3  years  battery  life  can  be  expected  depending,  based  on  environmental  conditions  and  the  data  transmission  interval.  optionally,  this  sensor  may  be  externally  powered.  we  take  iot  security  very  seriously,  which  is  why  we  encrypt  every  iot  sensor,  gateway,  modem,  and  device  in  the  ncd  enterprise  product  line.  encryption  is  much
__label__environmentmonitoring easier  to  manage  than  you  might  expect,  as  the  encryption  does  not  get  in  the  way  of  using  the  device.  we  ncd  longrange  wireless  iot  sensors  use  the  digimesh  protocol  from  digi.com.  digimesh  was  designed  by  the  industrial  leader  in  secure  wireless  communications  for  industrial  applications.  digimesh  automatically  hops  data  from  gateway  to  gateway  until  it  arrives  at  the  desired  destination.  ncd  iot  sensors  are  capable  of  a  2mile  lineofsite  communication  distance  with  the  included  antennas  and  up  to  28mile  range  when  using  highgain  antennas.  note  this  sensor  has  in  built  heater  and  it  takes  around  30  minutes  to  burn
__label__environmentmonitoring in.  during  the  burn  in  time,  the  sensor  need  to  be  placed  in  a  clean  air  environment.  this  device  sends  data  periodically,  based  on  userpreset  timing  intervals.  ncd  iot  sensors  send  a  lot  more  than  just  sensor  data.  of  course  the  sensor  data  is  also  included  in  the  data  packet,  but  other  important  data  is  also  included.  for  instance,  a  unique  serial  number  is  sent  so  you  can  always  identify  a  particular  sensor  on  the  network.  a  node  id  is  also  included,  which  a  single  byte  of  data  that  you  can  use  for  anything,  such  as  the  floor  of  a
__label__environmentmonitoring building  or  to  help  identify  which  group  a  sensor  belongs  to.  also  included  in  the  data  packet  is  a  firmware  version,  battery  level,  and  sensor  type.  this  allows  your  software  to  positively  identify  and  manage  the  health  of  ncd  iot  wireless  sensors.  while  signal  strength  data  is  also  available,  it  is  handled  in  a  different  way,  and  is  not  included  in  the  sensor  data  packet  but  rest  assured,  signal  strength  data  for  each  sensor  is  available.please  see  the  resources  tab  to  see  detailed  information  on  the  data  structure  of  this  device.  this  wireless  transmitter  needs  a  receiver.  there  are  many
__label__environmentmonitoring options  available  for  receiving  data  from  ncd  iot  devices,  please  see  below  for  a  indepth  description  of  destinations  available  for  ncd  sensors.  we  highly  recommend  using  our  usb  modem  available  during  purchase  so  you  can  monitor  this  device  and  use  our  labview  software  for  changing  device  settings.  some  sensors  have  advanced  settings  that  can  help  send  alerts  when  problems  are  detected  while  other  settings  can  be  used  to  adjust  communication  frequency,  which  will  directly  affect  battery  life.  most  ncd  iot  sensors  are  rated  for  about  500,000  transmissions  until  the  batteries  become  so  weak  they  are  unreliable;  however,  this  particular  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring consumes  more  power  than  most,  and  carries  an  expected  life  of  300,000  transmissions  or  up  to  3  years  of  life.  with  100,000  transmissions  per  year,  you  should  expect  to  see  up  to  273  transmissions  per  day  or  11  transmissions  per  hour.  the  battery  life  could  be  extended  by  reducing  the  number  of  transmissions  per  day,  so  the  battery  life  is  really  up  to  you.  by  altering  advanced  settings  in  the  ncd  iot  sensor,  you  have  control  over  longevity.  ncd  ships  all  sensors  with  premium  lithium  batteries,  which  include  a  ultrawide  temperature  range  that  typically  lasts  in  excess  of  300,000  transmissions.
__label__environmentmonitoring these  batteries  weigh  less  than  half  of  alkalines,  and  they  work  in  the  freezer  a  word  of  caution  though,  putting  a  sensor  in  configuration  mode  will  drain  the  batteries  very  quickly.  its  important  to  configure  your  sensors  and  exit  configuration  mode  as  soon  as  possible  or  use  a  external  power  supply  during  configuration  if  supported  by  the  sensor.  using  our  longrange  usb  wireless  modem,  users  can  expect  easy  operation  over  a  virtual  com  port  at  115.2k  baud.  simply  open  the  virtual  com  port  of  the  usb  modem  and  watch  data  stream  in.  optionally,  we  offer  a  wireless  receiver  that  operates
__label__environmentmonitoring over  ethernet.  data  from  ncd  sensors  will  appear  over  tcp/ip  on  port  2101.  simply  open  a  tcp/ip  socket,  port  2101,  to  the  ip  address  of  the  ethernet  modem  and  see  your  data  stream  in  to  your  local  area  network.  alpha  station  was  developed  to  work  with  our  wireless  modems.  of  course  gateways  are  also  available  for  sendingdata  to  popular  cloud  platforms  such  as  azure  and  losant  more  information  below.  we  take  software  samples  seriously,  so  be  sure  to  to  check  out  the  resources  tab  to  see  code  samples  for  raspberry  pi,  visual  studio,  labview,  arduino,  python,  and  more.  use  our
__label__environmentmonitoring labview  software  to  monitor  temperature,  pressure,  humidity,  and  air  quality  or  change  advanced  sensor  configuration  settings  to  improve  battery  life  or  increase  sampling  speed.  ncd  iot  sensor  data  can  be  sent  anywhere  with  no  fees  or  hidden  costs,  not  now,  not  ever  ncd  iot  sensors  always  provide  an  open  protocol,  so  you  are  not  tied  to  any  cloud  platform.  you  own  your  data,  so  you  can  do  whatever  you  want  with  it,  no  subscriptions,  no  service  contracts,  and  you  can  integrate  ncd  sensors  into  any  software,  embedded  system,  or  cloud  platform  of  your  own  free  choice.  whether  you  need  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring sensor  data  on  a  desktop  computer,  an  iot  cloud  platform,  or  an  embedded  platform,  we  have  you  covered.  ncd  iot  sensors  broadcast  data,  so  data  handling  is  very  easy,  expandable,  and  versatile.  send  iot  sensor  data  to  gateways  when  you  want  to  talk  directly  to  iot  cloud  platforms.  send  iot  sensor  data  to  modems  when  you  want  to  talk  to  local  computers.  of  course  you  can  always  send  data  to  both  gateways  and  modems  simultaneously,  so  you  always  have  access  to  your  sensor  data  locally  and  remotely.  use  multiple  gateways  when  you  need  data  redundancy  or  if  you  need  to
__label__environmentmonitoring send  sensor  data  to  multiple  iot  cloud  platforms.  iot  sensor  clusters  are  also  possible.  you  can  build  a  cluster  of  iot  sensors  on  every  floor  of  a  highrise  building,  sending  data  to  gateways  and  modems  on  each  floor.  clustering  makes  it  possible  to  keep  your  iot  sensor  data  separated  for  easier  management.  each  gateway  and  modem  can  be  configured  to  listen  to  a  different  cluster  of  iot  sensors.  because  ncd  devices  support  thousands  of  clusters,  expanding  your  iot  sensor  network  is  virtually  limitless.  iot  sensor  gateways  are  used  to  translate  data  from  sensors  into  humanreadable  values  and  post  the  results
__label__environmentmonitoring on  common  cloud  platforms  such  as  amazon,  azure,  losant,  and  mqtt  using  wifi  for  communications.  modems  on  the  other  hand  are  used  to  transfer  raw  sensor  data  into  different  communication  formats  such  as  wifi,  bluetooth,  usb,  rs485,  and  mqtt.  please  note  that  a  mqtt  gateway  is  different  from  a  mqtt  modem.  a  mqtt  gateway  is  preferred  for  most  users,  as  it  handles  sensor  translation  for  you.  mqtt  modems  do  not  translate  data,  they  send  the  raw  sensor  data  to  the  mqtt  broker  for  parsing  on  the  server.  learn  more  about  the  difference  between  gateways  and  modems  here:  collect  iot  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring data  up  to  two  miles  away  and  send  your  data  tomicrosoft  azure  using  the  ncd  micro  gateway  for  connection  to  azure.  the  micro  gateway  for  microsoftazurereports  all  incoming  iot  sensor  telemetry  as  realworld  values  tomicrosoft  azure  through  the  connected  device  twin,  and/or  device  to  cloud  messages.  setup  could  not  be  easier.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  uses  softap  and  includes  embedded  web  pages  for  configuration.  simply  connect  your  wifi  capable  computer  to  the  ncd  micro  gateway  access  point  and  the  configuration  pages  will  appear.  all  you  need  is  an  azure  device  connection  string  to  register  this  device  to  yourazure  account  and
__label__environmentmonitoring a  wifi  network  with  internet  connectivity.  collect  iot  sensor  data  up  to  two  miles  away  and  send  your  data  tolosant  using  the  ncd  micro  gateway.  leverage  the  power  of  the  losant  flow  builder  to  build  a  stunning  dashboard  that  displays  graphs  of  sensor  telemetry  over  time.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  for  losant  automatically  provisions  the  gateway  on  the  losant  cloud  and  registers  all  iot  sensors  as  children  of  the  gateway.  watch  iot  sensor  data  arrive  on  the  losant  cloud  with  minimal  setup  time.  setup  could  not  be  easier.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  uses  softap  and  includes  embedded  web  pages  for
__label__environmentmonitoring configuration.  simply  connect  your  wifi  capable  computer  to  the  ncd  micro  gateway  access  point  and  the  configuration  pages  will  appear.  all  you  need  are  losant  connection  credentials  application  id  and  application  token  and  a  wifi  network  with  internet  connectivity.  losant  is  an  official  partner  of  national  control  devices,  learn  more  about  losant  here.  setup  could  not  be  easier.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  uses  softap  and  includes  embedded  web  pages  for  configuration.  simply  connect  your  wifi  capable  computer  to  the  ncd  micro  gateway  access  point  and  the  configuration  pages  will  appear.  all  you  need  are  amazon  aws  connection  credentials  and  a
__label__environmentmonitoring wifi  network  with  internet  connectivity.  setup  could  not  be  easier.  the  ncd  micro  gateway  uses  softap  and  includes  embedded  web  pages  for  configuration.  simply  connect  your  wifi  capable  computer  to  the  ncd  micro  gateway  access  point  and  the  configuration  pages  will  appear.  all  you  need  are  mqttcredentials  and  a  wifi  network  with  internet  connectivity.  youve  been  asking  for  cellular  gateways  and  weve  been  listening  we  are  currently  finalizing  development  of  our  cellular  gateways  for  amazon  aws,  microsoft  azure,  losant,  and  mqtt.  we  are  planning  for  an  october  10th  release  of  our  new  cellular  gateways,  providing  a  secure  direct  to  cloud
__label__environmentmonitoring connection  to  ncd  sensors  from  anywhere  cellular  service  is  available.  modems  are  ideal  for  communicating  to  localized  computers,  servers,  and  embedded  systems.  the  main  purpose  of  a  modem  is  to  convert  data  from  wireless  sensors  and  endnode  controllers  into  standard  hardware  communication  formats  such  as  usb  virtual  com  port,  bluetooth  virtual  com  port,  wifi  tcp,  wifi  mqtt,  ethernet  tcp,  rs232,  and  rs485.  multiple  modems  may  be  used  simultaneously,  so  you  are  not  limited  to  making  a  single  choice.  add  more  modems  as  needed  to  cover  larger  areas  or  explore  other  communication  technologies.  both  modems  and  gateways  offer  long  range  wireless
__label__environmentmonitoring communications  up  to  2miles  lineofsight.  modems  and  gateways  may  also  be  used  in  a  wireless  mesh  network  to  hop  data  across  the  wireless  network  to  cover  longer  distances.  both  modems  and  gateways  may  be  grouped  into  separate  networks  on  each  floor  of  a  highrise  building  without  interference  between  floors.  we  developed  alpha  station  using  visual  studio  to  demonstrate  how  iot  sensor  data  can  be  received  and  converted  to  realworld  values.  alpha  station  allows  you  to  view  and  set  basic  configuration  settings  of  remote  sensors  up  to  2  miles  away.  alpha  station  supports  our  wireless  usb  modem,  our  mega  modem,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring our  wireless  ethernet  modem.  we  developed  a  complete  set  of  drivers  for  nodered,  so  you  can  build  your  own  flows  and  dashboards  to  help  get  you  connected.  send  ncd  iot  sensor  data  to  nodered  and  use  flows  to  build  logic  operations  to  send  alerts  or  turn  things  on  or  off.  combining  nodered  with  ncd  iot  sensors  gives  you  limitless  power  to  monitor,  control,  and  visualize  data  locally  and  remotely.  the  nodered  flow  builder  is  powerful,  allowing  you  to  build  complex  graphs  and  dashboards  in  minutes.  nodered  may  also  be  used  for  advanced  gateway  applications.  send  data  to  your  favorite  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring cloud  service  such  as  mqtt,  losant,  microsoft  ncd  nodered  libraries  are  always  expanding,  we  developed  a  complete  set  of  tutorials  for  working  with  ncd  iot  sensors  using  labview.  use  labview  to  configure  advanced  sensor  settings  or  to  graph  incoming  sensor  data.  monitor  the  battery  level  of  remote  sensors  and  watch  sensor  data  flow  over  time.  we  will  be  adding  source  code  for  labview  in  the  future,  but  for  now,  please  contact  us  if  you  have  a  urgent  need  for  source  code.  since  labview  runs  on  a  local  computer,  a  usb,  rs232,  ethernet  or  mega  modem  is  required.  using  our  labview
__label__environmentmonitoring software,  data  logging  from  a  single  sensor  is  also  possible.  simply  run  the  software  and  watch  the  graph  fill  with  data  over  time.  export  the  data  into  comma  delimited  tables  for  use  in  excel  or  into  other  data  analysis  tools.  logging  data  from  multiple  sensors  simultaneously  is  not  supported  at  this  time  in  our  software,  but  can  be  accomplished  using  losant  or  azure  web  services.  please  check  the  resources  tab  above  for  resources  relevant  to  this  product  or  all  iot  device  manufacturers  should  commit  to  iot  security  and  transparency.  as  a  consumer,  you  have  the  right  to  a  iot  security
__label__environmentmonitoring and  transparency  statement  before  purchase,  and  we  encourage  all  customers  to  demand  this  information  from  all  iot  manufacturers  and  vendors.  in  an  effort  to  be  fully  transparent  with  our  customers,  we  will  always  disclose  the  most  important  security  related  information  at  the  bottom  of  each  product  page  for  all  iot  devices.  under  no  circumstances  does  ncd  use  iot  devices  to  collect  customer  data,  sensor  readings,  or  other  information  without  full  disclosure.  as  a  matter  of  ncd  iot  security  policy,  any  iot  device  that  collects  any  form  of  data  must  be  disclosed  in  the  iot  security  and  transparency  statement.  relevant  security
__label__environmentmonitoring information  pertaining  to  this  particular  device  is  indicated  below:  longrange  wireless  mesh  networking  is  our  favorite  of  all  wireless  communication  technologies.  this  is  the  only  communications  technology  ncd  recommends  on  the  factory  floor,  operating  at  a  safe  900mhz.  mesh  technology  will  hop  data  from  one  location  to  another  to  reach  its  intended  destination,  users  do  not  need  to  do  anything  other  than  make  sure  wireless  modules  stay  within  hopping  range  of  each  other.  we  use  the  digi  900hps3b  module  in  many  of  our  products,  as  this  is  the  best  industry  has  to  offer.  with  a  2  mile  range  between  modules
__label__environmentmonitoring and  up  to  8  hops,  it  is  possible  to  cover  16  miles  of  wirelessterritory  using  this  technology.  using  highgain  antennas,  this  module  is  capable  of  communicating  to  a  remote  module  up  to  28  miles  away.  please  note  that  data  hopping  only  works  between  live  devices.  data  will  not  hop  between  sleeping  sensors.  data  will  hop  from  sensors  to  gateways  and  modems.  data  will  also  hop  between  gateways  and  modems.  not  for  use  in  outdoor  applications  or  for  use  in  excessive  temperature  conditions.  prolonged  freezing  will  prevent  batteries  from  functioning  until  thawed,  using  extended  temperature  range  industrial  batteries  may  improve  the
__label__environmentmonitoring useful  temperature  range.  extended  freezing  applications  should  use  a  fulltime  powered  solution.  prolonged  exposure  to  extreme  humidity  conditions  may  damage  this  device.  the  sensing  element  is  rated  for  use  for  5  years  and  may  be  replaced.  exposure  to  high  temperatures  may  cause  the  batteries  to  leak,  causing  permanent  damage  to  this  device.  ncd  warranty  does  not  cover  battery  corrosion  or  use  in  excessively  smoky  environments  under  any  circumstances.  when  using  an  900hps3bcommunication  module,  it  is  essential  that  you  use  the  to  configure  the  module  settings.  longrange  wireless  sensors  may  be  programmed  over  the  air  without  removing  the  communications  module.  a
__label__environmentmonitoring or  a  gateway  of  some  kind  that  support  the  900hps3b  communications  module  will  also  be  required.  this  product  requires  extensive  manufacturing  and  testing  times.  lead  times  for  enterprise  series  devices  is  typically  710  business  days.  please  choose  a  wireless  communications  module  that  is  legal  for  use  in  your  region.  please  note:  transmission  range  will  be  affected  by  the  product  options  selected  below.  if  you  are  in  north  america,  we  strongly  suggest  the  900mhz  option  for  best  results.  if  you  are  in  europe,  the  868mhz  version  is  the  only  legal  option.  the  2.4ghz  option  is  certified  for  use  in  the  united
__label__environmentmonitoring states,  australia,  brazil,  japan,  and  south  korea.  please  note  the  2.4ghz  version  will  not  penetrate  objects  as  well  as  the  900mhz  and  868mhz  versions.  if  you  need  help  choosing  a  wireless  option,  please  contact  us.  this  option  will  determine  how  we  build  this  product  and  any  applicable  accessories  that  may  be  displayed  below.  do  you  need  to  extend  the  antenna?  use  any  of  these  antenna  extension  cables:  ncd  offers  many  custom  iot  electronic  design  services  to  help  tailor  our  product  to  your  exact  needs.  whether  you  are  looking  for  custom  firmware,  circuit  board  modifications,  metal  enclosures,  or  industrial  color  printing,
__label__environmentmonitoring we  can  help  you  with  a  wide  variety  of  design  services.  ncd  engineers  can  help  build  a  customized  solution  for  your  particular  application  based  on  the  designs  you  see  on  our  website.  we  can  combine  devices  onto  a  single  board,  change  the  shape,  or  even  some  of  the  components  to  meet  your  exact  needs.  we  also  provide  turnkey  metal  enclosures  with  powder  coating  and  fullcolor  printing  on  the  top  side  starting  at  just  500  for  setup  we  have  more  than  20  years  of  experience  in  electronics  design  and  manufacturing.  all  of  our  products  are  designed  and  manufactured  in  the  usa,
__label__environmentmonitoring so  we  are  here  to  support  the  products  we  make.  we  only  ask  that  our  customers  prototype  their  needs  using  our  existing  products  before  we  customize.  all  you  have  to  do  is  and  we  will  walk  you  through  the  process  from  beginning  to  end,  based  on  your  individual  needs.  some  people  are  surprised  at  how  fast  we  finish  cad  design  usually  a  few  hours,  but  keep  in  mind,  .  when  we  customize  product,  here  are  the  general  services  we  provide:  to  learn  something  new,  take  the  path  that  you  took  yesterday.  john  burroughs  or
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring component  suppliers  end  product  suppliers  service  providers  energy  in  buildings  the  aim  of  our  company  is  provide  end  to  end  solution  for  energy  monitoring  in  buildings.  in  many  cases,  energy  management  processes  suffer  due  to  a  lack  of  awareness  of  energy  consumption  behaviour.  in  fact,  energy  savings  are  expected  to  be  achievable  both  from  improvements  in  energy  efciency  of  specic  production  processes,  as  well  as  from  the  usage  of  innovative  energy  monitoring  systems  and  management  approaches.  this  process  has  gained  more  importance  in  performance  controlling  and  competitiveness  improvement  efforts  of  owners  of  buildings,  energy  distributors  and  manufacturing  companies.  the  importance
__label__environmentmonitoring of  energy  management  is  influenced  by  three  initiatives:  the  growing  energy  costs,  the  always  more  restrictive  environmental  regulations  and  awareness  about  ecology  and  environmental  sustainability  among  population.  the  measuring  and  controlling  of  energy  consumption  are  essential  activities  to  accomplish  the  objective  of  reducing  energy  wastes  and  changing  consumer  behaviour  due  to  awareness  of  effective  energy  using  .  todays  technologies,  such  as  internet  of  things,  promote  these  activities,  making  a  huge  amount  of  data  easily  by  collecting  and  then  analysing.  the  availability  of  realtime  energy  consumption  data  offers  several  opportunities  to  reduce  energy  consumption  by  enabling  and  enhancing  energyefficiency  and  it
__label__environmentmonitoring can  influence  consumer  behaviour.  indoor  air  quality  we  provide  solution  for  indoor  air  quality  monitoring.  indoor  environment  has  huge  influence  on  persons  health  and  overall  comfort.  it  is  of  great  importance  that  we  realize  how  essential  indoor  air  quality  is,  considering  we  spend  on  average  as  much  as  90  of  our  time  indoors.  there  are  many  factors  that  affect  indoor  air  quality:  specifically,  inside  air  temperature,  relative  humidity,  and  odors  to  name  the  most  important  factors.  one  of  the  key  factors  indicating  indoor  air  quality  is  carbon  dioxide  co2  level.  the  co2  levels,  measured  in  prefab  apartment  buildings,  indicates  substantial
__label__environmentmonitoring indoor  air  quality  issues.thanks  to  the  implementation  of  new  emerging  autonomous  technologies,  such  as  internet  of  things  iot,  monitoring  in  realtime  is  enhanced.  an  area  where  iot  plays  a  major  role  is  in  the  monitoring  of  indoor  environment.  iot  technology  e.g.  smart  meters  and  sensors  provide  awareness  of  information  about  the  quality  of  indoor  environment.  there  is  a  huge  potential  for  influencing  behaviour  of  the  users.  through  the  web  application,  it  is  possible  to  educate  people  and  ensure  fresh  air  supply.  our  solution  contains  smartmeets  for  monitoring  temperature,  humidity,  co2  and  voc  level.  as  a  vizualization  for  data  we  were
__label__environmentmonitoring developed  a  web  application.  this  application  allows  the  display  of  the  measured  data  from  the  sensors.  further,  it  has  an  evaluation  process  which  evaluates  the  critical  value,  e.g.  when  the  co2  concentration  increases  above  1500  ppm,  the  application  reports  an  overflow  by  mark  diode  red.  thanks  to  this  application,  the  users  may  react  to  the  current  values  and  improve  the  indoor  climate  quality.  there  are  additional  possibilites  such  as  educating  users,  current  infromation  in  indoor  climate  problematics  and  other  measures.  this  additional  information  educates  users  and  ensures  interaction  of  the  user  and  the  indoor  climate  quality.  sample  application:  login:  admin1
__label__environmentmonitoring heslo:  liskovec  this  product  is  available  through  distributors.  we  provides  end  to  end  solution  for  energy  monitoring  and  indoor  air  quality  monitoring.  our  solution  contains  smart  sensors  and  meetrs  and  as  a  vizualization  for  data  was  developed  a  web  application.  this  application  allows  the  display  of  the  measured  data  from  the  sensors.  nowadays,  rising  energy  prices,  increasing  ecological  awareness,  and  changing  consumer  behaviours  are  driving  decisionmakers  to  prioritize  improving  manufacturing  efficiency.  energy  efficiency  is  considered  as  one  of  the  key  instruments  to  restrain  growing  global  energy  demands  and  therefore  to  abate  greenhousesgas  emissions.  the  energy  efficiency  can  be  improved  by
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  management.  thanks  to  implementation  of  new  emerging  autonomous  technologies,  such  as  internet  of  things  iot,  are  enhancing  monitoring  of  production  processes  in  realtime.  an  area  where  iot  plays  a  major  role  is  in  the  monitoring  of  energy  consumption.  iot  technology  e.g.  smart  meters  and  sensors  provide  awareness  of  energy  consumption  patterns  by  collecting  realtime  energy  consumption  data.  the  availability  of  realtime  energy  consumption  data  offers  several  opportunities  to  reduce  energy  consumption  by  enabling  and  enhancing  energyefcient  practices.  in  many  cases,  energy  management  processes  suffer  due  to  a  lack  of  awareness  of  energy  consumption  behaviour.  in  fact,  energy  savings  are
__label__environmentmonitoring expected  to  be  achievable  both  from  improvements  in  energy  efciency  of  specic  production  processes,  as  well  as  from  the  usage  of  innovative  energy  monitoring  systems  and  management  approaches.  this  process  has  gained  more  importance  in  performance  controlling  and  competitiveness  improvement  efforts  of  owners  of  buildings,  energy  distributors  and  manufacturing  companies.  the  importance  of  energy  management  is  influenced  by  three  initiatives:  the  growing  energy  costs,  the  always  more  restrictive  environmental  regulations  and  awareness  about  ecology  and  environmental  sustainability  among  population.  the  measuring  and  controlling  of  energy  consumption  are  essential  activities  to  accomplish  the  objective  of  reducing  energy  wastes  and  changing  consumer
__label__environmentmonitoring behaviour  due  to  awareness  of  effective  energy  using  .  todays  technologies,  such  as  internet  of  things,  promote  these  activities,  making  a  huge  amount  of  data  easily  by  collecting  and  then  analysing.  the  availability  of  realtime  energy  consumption  data  offers  several  opportunities  to  reduce  energy  consumption  by  enabling  and  enhancing  energyefficiency  and  it  can  influence  consumer  behaviour.  energy  consumption  of  buildings  is  significantly  influenced  by  consumer  behaviour.  when  the  consumer  is  informed  about  nonstandard  energy  using,  they  will  seek  improvements.  good  factor  how  to  influence  consumers  is  many.  the  internet  of  things  paradigm  promises  to  increase  the  visibility  and  awareness  of
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  consumption,  thanks  to  smart  sensors  and  smart  meters  at  the  machine  and  production  line  level.  consequently,  realtime  energy  consumption  data  from  processes  can  be  collected  easily,  and  then  analyzed,  to  improve  energyaware  decisionmaking.  energy  consumption  control  is  always  considered  as  a  critical  activity  to  continuously  improve  energy  performance.  it  undoubtedly  requires  a  huge  effort  in  data  gathering  and  analysis.  thus,  there  is  a  substantial  need  of  methodologies  and  tools  that  enable  simplified  energy  performance  measurement,  analysis  and  consumption  control.  our  company  provides  new  approach  how  to  collect  data  form  devices  like  sensors  and  metres  and.
__label__environmentmonitoring learn  more  about  the  latest  development  in  the  fields  of  indoor  positioning,  indoor  navigation  and  indoor  tracking.  0  the  internet  of  things  has  taken  the  evolution  of  sensors  to  a  different  level.  smart  sensors  such  as  infrared,  ultrasound,  light,  humidity,  motion,  pressure,  air  quality  etc.  are  used  to  capture  realtime  data  which  can  then  be  analyzed  and  made  available  to  improve  decision  making,  traceability,  quality  assurance  and  process  control.  this  blog  post  aims  to  provide  details  of  technology  and  applications  of  different  sensors  used  in  condition  monitoring  practices.  continuous  monitoring  of  environmental  fluctuations  plays  a  vital  role  in  protecting  valuable
__label__environmentmonitoring assets  from  adverse  conditions,  vastly  improving  operations,  quality  and  regulatory  compliance  and  allowing  the  implementation  of  predictive  maintenance  systems.  condition  sensor  networks  have  many  applications  such  as  industrial  automation,  energy  management,  environmental  monitoring,  disaster  management  etc.  they  are  easily  integrated  for  retrofit  or  mobile/moving  components.  sensor  information  may  be  directly  attributed  to  an  object  through  tags  or  embedded  sensors  or  may  be  inferred  through  the  objects  context  for  example,  the  humidity  of  the  warehouse.  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  key  sensors,  extensively  being  used  in  the  iot  world:  many  processes  require  specific  environment  temperature  or/and  device  temperature.
__label__environmentmonitoring maintaining  proper  conditions  during  the  storage  and  transportation  of  perishable  inventory  such  as  pharmaceutical  products  or  food  is  critical  for  the  quality  delivery  of  those  goods.  reliable  temperature  management  is  essential  to  guarantee  that  the  product  remains  in  the  best  possible  condition.  temperature  control  is  an  effective  way  of  slowing  bacterial  growth,  maintaining  quality  and  minimizing  spoilage.  furthermore,  temperature  sensors  have  found  their  way  into  room  automation  systems,  precisely  controlling  actuators  such  as  heating  and  cooling  valves  or  ventilation  dampers  based  on  room  conditions.  related  use  case:  relative  humidity  rh  and  temperature  almost  always  go  hand  in  hand.  for  example,
__label__environmentmonitoring fresh  products  in  a  low  humidity  environment  might  be  less  susceptible  to  raised  temperature  but  in  a  high  humidity  environment,  a  raised  temperature  could  have  a  more  significant  impact  and  bring  about  a  faster  deterioration.  infrared  sensors  are  a  suitable  option  for  many  applications  that  need  to  detect  surface  temperatures  and  object  movements.  they  work  as  presence  detectors  in  safety  systems,  for  patient  recognition  in  medical  environments  or  for  temperature  measurement  in  industrial  process  control.  related  use  case:  ultrasonic  sensors  work  in  much  the  same  way  as  radar  and  sonar  and  are  used  to  detect  the  presence  or  to  measure
__label__environmentmonitoring the  distance  of  people/objects.  they  can  also  be  used  to  determine  the  level  of  liquid  or  solid  material  in  closed  containers.  ultrasonic  sensing  devices  detect  objects  regardless  of  their  material,  color  or  surface  and  are  a  reliable  solution  for  harsh  and  demanding  conditions.  related  use  case:  presence  detectors  use  infrared  to  detect  the  presence  or  absence  of  people  or  an  object.  it  monitors  the  detection  zone  for  occupancy  if  a  person  is  sensed,  the  detector  will  automatically  trigger  an  action  such  as  turning  the  lighting  on.  light  sensors  are  electronic  devices  that  indicate  the  intensity  of  daylight  or  artificial  light.
__label__environmentmonitoring they  have  several  uses  in  industrial  and  everyday  consumer  applications.  for  example,  they  can  detect  the  amount  of  light  in  a  room  and  raise  /  lower  the  blinds  or  switch  on  /  off  the  lights  automatically  to  improve  the  comfort  level  in  a  room.  related  use  case:  co2  sensors  are  used  to  monitor  changes  of  the  air  quality  and  detect  the  presence  of  carbon  dioxide.  they  are  commonly  used  for  monitoring  indoor  air  quality  in  office  buildings,  schools,  hospitals  or  smart  homes.  moreover,  they  can  be  used  for  realtime  monitoring  of  quality,  freshness,  and  safety  of  agricultural  and  food  products,
__label__environmentmonitoring since  carbon  dioxide  can  be  used  as  a  protective  gas  to  prevent  the  growth  of  bacteria  and  fungi.  barometric  pressure  sensors  measure  pressure  fluctuations  exerted  by  the  atmosphere  and  play  an  important  role  in  process  and  quality  control  in  industrial  environments.  they  are  widely  applied  in  systems  where  a  constant  monitoring  and  control  of  pressures  is  crucial  for  operational  processes.  their  use  is  ideal  for  clean  rooms,  hospitals  and  computer  rooms.  we  are  yet  to  see  the  full  potential  sensor  technologies  carries,  as  the  iot  is  becoming  smarter  through  the  fusion  of  all  the  sensors  mentioned  above.  infsoft  sensor  tags
__label__environmentmonitoring fulfill  the  promise  of  ubiquitous  sensor  systems  providing  situational  awareness.  they  allow  the  monitoring  and  logging  of  temperature,  humidity,  motion,  and  other  environmental  conditions.  great  introduction  to  the  topic  of  indoor  positioning  smart  offices  are  beneficial  to  businesses  as  well  as  to  their  employees.  in  this  article,  several  applications  for  smart  offices  and  used  technologies  are  described.  this  blog  post  outlines  what  occupancy  monitoring  systems  can  look  like  and  how  they  can  lead  to  better  space  management  in  commercial  and  office  buildings.  smart  connected  locations  is  infsofts  guiding  principle  and  at  the  same  time  the  name  of  our  platform,  which
__label__environmentmonitoring collects,  integrates,  connects,  prepares  and  provides  location  based  data.  this  article  describes  possible  applications  of  positioning  and  condition  sensors  in  the  tunnel  industry  and  their  benefits.  get  to  know  infsoft  better  and  watch  our  corporate  film.  in  industrial  applications,  a  large  number  of  sensor  technologies  are  used  to  improve  processes  and  make  them  more  efficient.  with  the  help  of  tracking  solutions,  processes  can  not  only  be  optimized  in  production  facilities,  but  also  the  working  environment  of  people  can  be  made  more  efficient  and  more  pleasant.  infsoft  has  been  offering  ,  ,  and  since  2005.  besides  the  development  of  allinone  solutions
__label__environmentmonitoring the  indoor  environment  of  any  building  is  complex,  and  hospitals  are  no  exception.  but  in  a  facility  dedicated  to  promoting  the  health  and  wellbeing  of  its  inhabitants,  hospital  air  quality  is  of  special  concern.  this  article  covers  air  quality  as  it  relates  to  two  areas  of  healthcare  facilitiesindoor  air  throughout  the  building  and  vaccine  storage  areas  specificallyand  how  the  internet  of  things  iot  can  help  solve  the  challenges  associated  with  hospital  air  quality  monitoring.  compared  to  other  facilities,  its  especially  difficult  to  maintain  a  healthy  indoor  air  quality  in  hospitals.  there  are  a  greater  number  of  risk  factors  present  that
__label__environmentmonitoring could  threaten  both  the  ability  of  hospital  staff  to  do  their  jobs  and  patients  to  healthe  sole  mission  of  such  a  facility.  indoor  pollutants  originate  from  both  indoor  and  outdoor  sources,  for  example:  in  addition,  the  diversity  of  occupants  and  areas  within  a  single  facility  compound  the  complexity  of  maintaining  a  healthful  environment.  for  instance,  patients  and  visitors  have  different  levels  of  susceptibility  due  to  their  health  statuses;  also,  operating  rooms  and  waiting  rooms,  for  example,  must  meet  different  air  quality  standards.  any  of  the  above  pollutants  have  the  potential  to  negatively  impact  health  depending  on  length  of  exposure,  pollutant
__label__environmentmonitoring level,  and  other  factors.  indoor  air  quality  monitoring  may  also  reveal  the  presence  of  pollutants  you  dont  know  about,  prompting  a  new  mitigation  strategy.  temperature  and  humidity  are  two  other  characteristics  of  indoor  air  quality  in  hospitals  that  have  a  direct  impact  on  patient  comfort,  and,  by  extension,  patient  satisfaction.  to  work  correctly,  vaccines  must  be  stored  at  the  proper  temperature,  usually  between  ,  from  the  time  they  are  manufactured  until  they  time  they  are  administered.  that  means  hospitals  and  other  healthcare  facilities  that  store  vaccines  for  any  period  of  time  are  an  important  part  of  the  cold  chainthe  series
__label__environmentmonitoring of  storage  and  distribution  activities  that  allow  vaccines  to  remain  potent  until  they  are  used.  hospitals  are  required  to  continuously  monitor  the  temperature  of  their  vaccine  storage  areas,  but  despite  that,  deteriorated  and  expired  vaccines  are  the  cause  of  .  most  hospitals  do  their  best  to  implement  management  policies  and  procedures  that  help  control  and  mitigate  indoor  pollutants,  but  few  employ  advanced  technology  that  can  help  them  be  proactive  about  detecting  air  quality  issues.  iot  technology  offers  a  costeffective  way  to  help  hospitals  meet  indoor  air  quality  standards.  similar  to  the  way  its  being  used  in  other  industries,  the  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring gives  you  greater  control  over  your  environmentin  this  case,  indoor  air  quality  specificallywith  remote  monitoring.  iot  sensors  placed  in  various  areas  of  your  facility  are  capable  of  measuring  in  near  real  time  temperature,  humidity,  vocs,  dust  particles,  co2,  and  more.  that  data  can  then  be  analyzed  and  interpreted,  allowing  you  to  formulate  a  plan  of  action  to  restore  a  healthy  indoor  air  quality.  an  iot  remote  monitoring  system  also  serves  as  an  automatic  tracking/logging  system  for  vaccine  storage  areas,  making  compliance  with  cdc  guidelines  easier.  because  some  of  your  buildings  critical  operating  equipmenthvac,  fans,  and  filtershave  an  impact  on  indoor
__label__environmentmonitoring air  quality  at  your  hospital,  its  important  to  ensure  these  mechanisms  are  continuously  working  at  peak  performance.  clogged  filters,  hvac  system  air  leakage,  and  other  issues  could  all  be  unknowingly  thwarting  your  efforts  to  maintain  a  healthy  environment.  to  help  avoid  these  problemsand  meet  hospital  indoor  air  quality  standardsmake  sure  youre  practicing  a  combination  of  at  ,  we  specialize  in  that  means  your  healthcare  facilitys  indoor  air  quality  can  be  measured  from  afar.  heres  how  it  works:  our  system  can  also  provide  you  with  alerts  should  any  aspect  of  air  quality  fall  outside  certain  predetermined  parameters.  for  vaccines,  that  means
__label__environmentmonitoring you  can  adjust  a  temperature  inconsistency  in  your  storage  area  before  it  becomes  a  problem.  you  can  also  immediately  detect,  for  example,  a  potentially  damaging  leakage  in  one  area  of  the  hospital  and  isolate  it  to  minimize  the  impact  on  air  quality  elsewhere.  if  youd  like  to  learn  more  about  our  remote  monitoring  services,  or  then  let  us  know  how  we  can  help  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  care  to  share?  2111  e.  highland  ave,  suite  305  phoenix,  az  85016  645  hamilton  st,  suite  400  allentown,  pa  18101  tollfree  18557436478  general  information  iota  communications,  inc.  otc:  iotc  is
__label__environmentmonitoring advancing  the  effective  use  of  light  for  society  and  the  environment  as  just  one  piece  of  the  extensive  internet  of  things  iot  field,  connected  lighting  is  described  as  the  connection  of  lighting,  controls,  and  sensors  to  a  local  network  that  can  be  monitored  and  controlled,  either  wired  or  wirelessly,  through  a  dashboard  accessed  by  a  computer,  tablet,  or  smartphone.  the  lighting  system  may  or  may  not  be  connected  with  other  building  systems,  such  as  hvac  and  security  systems.  connected  lighting  systems  are  new  and  still  evolving,  and  as  such  are  mostly  untested  and  have  not  been  compared  in  the  field
__label__environmentmonitoring with  traditional  lighting  controls.  ongoing  lrc  projects  in  this  research  area  include:  demonstration  and  evaluation  of  energyefficient  led  lighting  controls  in  this  ongoing  twoyear  project,  the  lrc  is  evaluating  led  lighting  with  fixtureintegrated  and  networkconnected  lighting  controls.  the  controls  are  being  tested  in  a  broadbased  laboratory  and  field  evaluation  to  compare  and  quantify  the  additional  benefits  that  connected  lighting  systems  offer  to  users.  the  lrc  team  will  investigate  everything  from  ease  of  installation  to  user  satisfaction,  evaluating  what  types  of  networked  and  fixtureintegrated  systems  work  best  for  different  types  of  spaces,  and  will  produce  results  and  best  practices  guides  for
__label__environmentmonitoring both  purchasers  and  manufacturers.  sponsored  by  new  york  state  energy  research  and  development  authority.  remote  monitoring  of  led  lighting  system  health  thotagamuwa,  d.r.,  i.u.  perera,  and  n.  narendran.  2016.  proceedings  of  spie  9954,  ,  99540i  september  7,  2016;  doi:  10.1117/12.2240463.  mullaney,  r.  2017.  lda  ,  july  2017,  pp.  4752.  press  release:  2016  2017  new  york  state  energy  research  and  development  authority  agreement  61723  alliance  for  solidstate  illumination  systems  and  technologies  assist
__label__environmentmonitoring enlighted  delivers  the  most  advanced  lighting  control  system  in  the  world.  built  on  the  leading  internet  of  things  iot  architecture,  the  system  consists  of  a  network  of  led  lights  and  our  patented  sensors,  connected  to  an  advanced  analytics  platform.  data  is  collected  65  times  per  second  to  monitor  environmental  and  occupancy  changes  and  adjust  lighting  in  realtime.  smart  lighting,  quickly  and  efficiently.  enlighted  one  takes  a  building  into  the  future  with  a  simple,  wireless  lighting  control  solution  thats  fast  to  install  and  instantly  codecompliant,  for  quick  and  profitable  job  turnaround.  see  our  enlighted  one  video  for  more  information.  enlighted  connected
__label__environmentmonitoring offers  all  the  features  of  enlighted  one  plus  customizable  networked  lighting,  and  buildingwide  control  over  lighting  profiles.  it  can  integrate  with  building  management  systems,  supports  automated  demand  response,  and  provides  detailed  energy  reports  about  consumption  and  savings.  the  enlighted  iot  system  builds  on  enlighted  connected  features,  with  even  more  advanced  features  and  analytic  power.  in  addition  to  advanced  lighting  control,  it  enables  iot  applications  for  space  planning,  asset  tracking,  conference  room  management,  desk  hoteling,  and  more.  outofthebox  compliance.  its  that  simple.  go  to  for  more  information  i  was  immediately  sold  onenlighteds  control  system.  itgave  me  complete  flexibilityto  control  all  of
__label__environmentmonitoring over  200  traffic  sensors  are  mounted  inside  the  street  lights  at  three  dangerous  and  busy  streets,  hoping  to  ultimately  reduce  the  number  of  accidents  on  the  streets.  the  sensors  record  counts  of  vehicles  and  pedestrians  and  track  vehicle  speeds  24  hours  a  day.  traffic  engineers  from  the  portland  burea  of  transportation  will  mine  the  data  produced  by  the  sensors  to  improve  safety  and  optimise  the  flow  of  traffic  in  the  city.  designing  safe  streets  starts  with  good  data,  bureau  of  transportation  director  leah  treat  told  lux.  until  now,  collecting  this  data  was  time  and  volunteer  intensive.  now  with  these  smart
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors,  we  can  get  realtime  data  about  how  portlanders  are  using  our  streets.  as  a  result,  our  traffic  engineers  will  be  smarter  and  portlanders  will  be  safer.  the  portland  bureau  of  transportation  teamed  up  with  the  local  utility,  portland  general  electric,  to  implement  the  project.  working  with  current,  powered  by  ge,  semiconductor  giant  intel  and  the  wireless  business  unit  of  telecoms  giant  att.  the  sensors  being  installed  will  be  connected  over  the  att  lte  wireless  network.  the  project  is  being  undertaken  as  part  of  the  citys  smart  city  initiative  that  is  focused  on  the  use  of  data  and  technology  to
__label__environmentmonitoring improve  the  lives  of  its  citizens.  portland  is  leading  the  country  in  this  important  data  effort,  said  mayor  ted  wheeler.  we  are  at  the  forefront  of  using  advanced  technology  to  make  our  cities  safer  for  pedestrians,  cyclists,  and  drivers,  helping  people  more  easily  get  around,  save  time,  and  reduce  the  possibility  of  crashes.  this  pilot  is  a  significant  step  in  acquiring  and  utilising  data  to  make  critical  decisions.  the  sensors  being  deployed  were  manufactured  by  current  and  are  part  of  the  cityiq  smart  city  technology  platform  that  also  includes  an  application  development  platform,  connectivity  support,  cloud  apis  application  programming  interfaces,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  application  programs  supplied  by  current  or  its  iot  ecosystem  partners.  current  said  it  can  support  emergency  response,  vibration  and  seismic  detection,  audio  detection  including  gunshots,  weather  monitoring,  video,  and  wifi  hotspot  applications  on  the  platform.  the  cityiq  sensors  being  deployed  in  portland  are  based  on  intel  iot  enabling  technology  including  intel  atom  microprocessors  and  intel  security  software.  current  said  the  cityiq  system  being  installed  in  portland  is  upgradeable  to  support  emerging  applications.  such  cityiq  applications  would  run  on  the  att  cloud  with  analytics  enabled  by  currents  predix  software  platform.  portland  is  a  great  example  of  how  every  city  is
__label__environmentmonitoring able  to  tailor  their  solution  to  meet  specific  challenges  and  opportunities,  said  austin  ashe,  smart  cities  general  manager  at  current.  for  example,  we  will  be  working  with  portland  to  extract  bicycle  data  to  better  understand  the  bicycle  traffic  volume  and  cyclists  interactions  with  vehicle  and  pedestrian  traffic  to  improve  safety  for  all.  current  and  att  have  partnered  on  other  smart  city  projects.  for  example,  a  project  in  atlanta  in  2017  involved1,000  wirelessly  connected  street  lights.  indeed,  att  can  distribute  the  cityiq  sensors  in  north  america.  the  portland  project  will  cost  just  over  1  million.  it  included  the  need  to  upgrade
__label__environmentmonitoring the  mast  arms  on  the  poles.  funds  came  from  general  transportation  revenue  in  the  city  and  unspecified  contributions  from  the  companies  involved  in  the  project.  luxreview  is  hosted  by  revo  media  partners  limited.  company  number:  07335390  england  and  wales  registered  office:  bedford  house,  fulham  high  street,  london,  england,  sw6  3jw
__label__environmentmonitoring upgradeable  sensor  interfaces  could  herald  the  next  generation  of  smart  lighting,  says  rich  miron  of  digikey  electronics  america.  figure  1:  integrating  an  als  to  create  a  smart  lighting  fixture  the  essentially  digital  nature  of  led  lighting  has  greatly  enhanced  controllability,  which  can  be  used  to  achieve  a  wide  variety  of  lighting  effects,  from  dimming  and  colourchanging  to  occupancybased  behaviour.  lighting  has  become  smart  and  responsive,  but  when  teamed  with  the  emerging  internet  of  things  iot  it  could  support  greater  functionality  if  additional  sensors  were  implemented.  for  example,  streetlights  equipped  with  cameras,  proximity  sensors,  or  air  quality  sensors  could  assist  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  management  of  smart  cities.  sensors  embedded  in  domestic  light  fixtures  could  enhance  hazard  detection  or  emergency  calling.  the  question  as  to  how  new  generations  of  smarter  lights  can  be  introduced,  costeffectively,  to  existing  networks  needs  to  be  addressed.  the  iot  is  a  fastmoving  field,  but  owners  fitting  new  led  lighting  today  are  expecting  to  run  lights  for  a  long  time  before  upgrading,  to  maximise  their  return  on  investment.  the  time  could  be  right  for  new,  smarter  lighting,  featuring  versatile  and  upgradeable  sensor  interfaces,  ready  to  capitalise  on  the  pace  of  progress  in  the  cloud  to  deliver  even  greater  value
__label__environmentmonitoring for  users.  smart  lighting  is  broadly  understood  to  cover  the  automation  of  lamp  responses,  such  as  dimming  or  on/off  control  to  enhance  user  comfort  and  save  energy.  an  ambient  light  sensor  als  can  be  used  to  detect  the  amount  of  natural  light  available,  allowing  a  lamps  output  to  be  adjusted  accordingly.  it  must  be  located  close  to  the  lamp  to  give  a  relevant  indication  of  the  ambient  conditions,  but  also  positioned  to  minimise  exposure  to  the  lamps  own  light  to  prevent  spurious  dimming  or  brightening.  maxim  integrated  has  shown  how  to  design  an  als  like  the  max44009  into  an  outdoor
__label__environmentmonitoring lamp  fitting  figure  1,  above  .  the  system  is  based  on  the  microchip  pic18lf4520  microcontroller.  the  hardware  is  relatively  simple,  with  a  straightforward  twowire  connection  between  the  microcontroller  mcu  and  the  sensor.  the  reference  design  mounts  the  als  on  a  separate  pcb  to  allow  optimal  sensor  positioning.  figure  2:  flowchart  for  software  control  of  als  enhanced  lighting  the  intelligent  lighting  controller  software,  figure  2,  right  measures  ambient  light,  tracks  time,  and  allows  lux  lx  thresholds  and  morning/evening  switchon  times  to  be  programmed  via  a  simple  user  interface.  this  comprises  a  pushbutton  with  two  sevensegment  displays  and  indicator  leds.  the  controller
__label__environmentmonitoring software  is  available  in  hex  format  in  the  maxim  application  note  an5320.  an  als  is  valuable  for  monitoring  the  intensity  of  ambient  light  close  to  the  lamp  it  is  managing.  occupancy  detection  using  passive  infrared  pir  sensors,  on  the  other  hand,  can  be  used  to  turn  relatively  remote  lamps  on  or  off  in  areas  such  as  office  suites,  retail  spaces,  factory  units,  or  the  home.  a  pir  sensor  can  be  connected  directly  to  the  lamp,  similar  to  an  als  sensor.  lternatively,  an  array  of  sensors  can  support  more  advanced  functions  such  as  illuminating  segments  of  a  corridor  as  an  occupant
__label__environmentmonitoring walks  through,  or  selectively  illuminating  zones  in  a  warehouse  as  workers  enter  to  retrieve  goods  from  specific  locations.  texas  instruments  ti  suggests  a  way  of  implementing  pir  sensors  as  cloudconnected  iot  endpoints  that  send  occupancy  data  to  a  cloud  application.  tis  reference  design  is  based  on  the  cc1310  simplelink  low  power,  sub1ghz  wireless  microcontroller.  the  lpv802  dual  opamp  and  tlv3691  dual  comparator,  chosen  for  conditioning  the  analogue  pir  sensor  signals,  are  nanopower  devices  selected  to  minimise  overall  power  consumption  and  allow  the  sensor  to  operate  independently  from  a  coin  cell  for  several  years.  the  tlv3691  comparators,  acting  as  a  window,
__label__environmentmonitoring distinguish  movement  from  noise  and  generate  an  interrupt  for  the  cpu  when  movement  is  detected.  this  enables  the  mcu  to  operate  in  power  saving  modes  to  prolong  battery  life,  and  wake  only  when  needed  to  send  messages  back  to  a  remote  host.  figure  3:  ti  reference  design  for  movement  sensor  as  cloudconnected  iot  endpoint  figure  3  right  shows  a  functional  block  diagram  of  the  sensor  node.  the  cc1310  is  a  multistandard  device  capable  of  supporting  various  radio  protocols,  and  comes  with  wireless  mbus  wmbus  and  ieee  802.15.4g  stacks.  the  reference  design  uses  an  application  based  on  the  ieee  802.15.4  stack
__label__environmentmonitoring to  handle  the  sensing  algorithm  and  sub1ghz  communications  between  the  gateway  and  the  sensor  node.  by  connecting  sensors  to  the  cloud,  their  data  can  be  used  in  a  variety  of  ways  beyond  simply  managing  lighting  or  other  services  such  as  heating  or  ventilation.  it  can  also  be  used  to  monitor  usage  patterns,  such  as  identifying  areas  or  times  when  activity  is  greater  or  less  than  normal.  sophisticated  security  applications  are  possible  as  well.  whereas  pir  sensors  could  be  used  to  activate  an  intruder  alarm  directly,  a  cloud  application  could  coordinate  more  complex  responses,  such  as  sending  sms  alerts  to  key
__label__environmentmonitoring personnel,  timestamping  and  recording  the  intrusion,  and  then  executing  a  controlled  lockdown.  this  enhanced  use  of  data  related  to  smart  lighting  can  support  a  variety  of  lighting  scenarios.  the  light  housing  can  provide  an  ideal  place  to  position  the  sensors  as  they  are  usually  mounted  above  the  area  where  activity  is  taking  place,  and  have  a  broad  and  unimpeded  field  of  view.  visual  sensors  such  as  cmos  cameras  can  also  benefit  from  the  lamps  light  to  capture  high  quality  images.  sensorrich  lighting  can  have  applications  either  inside  or  outside.  in  a  smart  city,  streetlamps  can  monitor  traffic  flow  and  road
__label__environmentmonitoring usage.  cloud  applications  can  extract  valuable  information  about  the  effect  of  road  works,  changes  in  traffic  light  sequences,  and  can  coordinate  to  turn  off  streetlamps  to  optimise  energy  savings  without  compromising  the  safety  of  citizens.  streetlamps  are  also  a  prime  place  to  position  cameras  or  other  sensors  for  detecting  vehicles.  this  can  be  used  to  monitor  controlled  parking  zones  and  to  guide  enforcement  staff.  conversely,  parking  information  could  be  provided  as  a  service  to  drivers,  to  help  find  available  parking  spaces  to  reduce  congestion  and  unnecessary  exhaust  emissions.  smart,  connected  lighting  can  also  be  combined  with  sensors  in  homes  or
__label__environmentmonitoring workplaces  to  provide  an  additional  visual  indication  in  the  event  of  an  emergency.  this  could  be  useful  for  people  with  hearing  difficulties,  or  to  indicate  to  those  outside  a  building  that  help  may  be  needed  within.  in  smart  cities,  lamp  maintenance  can  be  difficult  to  manage  and  expensive  to  implement.  when  connected  to  the  iot,  a  street  lamp  equipped  to  detect  its  own  failure  can  instantly  inform  the  relevant  maintenance  authority  that  replacement  or  repair  is  necessary.  sensors  can  also  be  designed  to  detect  other  faults  such  as  a  broken  or  dirty  lens  requiring  replacement  or  cleaning.  data  collected  through
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  lighting  can  provide  valuable  information  for  utility  companies  to  help  plan  services  and  identify  peak  demand  timeframes.  power  consumption  data  can  also  be  useful  to  government  agencies  for  energy  surveys.  numerous  opportunities  to  build  diverse  types  of  sensors  into  advanced  light  fittings  have  been  suggested,  and  many  others  may  become  apparent  in  the  future  as  the  power  and  reach  of  the  iot  continues  to  extend.  it  is  easy  to  envisage  a  time  when  large  numbers  of  lamps  may  need  to  be  upgraded  with  additional  sensors.  the  iotready  alliance  has  suggested  that  the  time  is  right  to  define  standardised  sensor
__label__environmentmonitoring interfaces  to  make  upgrading  as  easy  as  possible.  the  group  has  argued  that  the  led  lamps  being  fitted  today  are  designed  to  have  typical  lifetimes  of  around  15  years,  while  iot  technology  is  advancing  rapidly  and  will  drive  demand  for  multiple  upgrades  during  the  typical  life  of  led  fixtures.  it  suggests  that  changing  the  complete  fixture  to  add  new  iotconnected  features  will  be  uneconomical  and  unnecessarily  expensive.  readying  new  led  lamps  for  integration  with  the  iot  can  avoid  such  expense.  the  alliances  goal  is  to  establish  a  costeffective,  lowimpact  means  of  changing  sensors,  allowing  them  to  be  easily  added  or
__label__environmentmonitoring upgraded.  to  achieve  this,  the  group  intends  to  define  electrical  interfaces,  connectors,  and  mechanical  form  factors.  it  remains  to  be  seen  whether  this  initiative  will  gain  traction  among  major  lighting  vendors  and  designers.  some  companies  may  be  minded  to  go  it  alone  and  develop  a  proprietary  solution.  they  could  then  lobby  to  make  their  specification  a  de  facto  standard.  either  way,  the  industrys  understanding  of  the  term  smart  lighting  could  be  due  for  an  upgrade  if  new,  sensorrich  lamps  that  can  be  easily  connected  to  the  cloud  begin  to  enter  the  market.  like  many  innovations,  smart  lighting  offers  compelling  benefits
__label__environmentmonitoring in  the  immediate  term,  although  the  capabilities  could  evolve  significantly  to  deliver  even  greater  benefits  in  the  future.  since  iot  technology  is  advancing  apace,  the  lighting  industry  needs  to  move  quickly  to  keep  up.  tagged  with:  your  email  address  will  not  be  published.  required  fields  are  marked  electronics  weekly  teams  up  with  rs  components  to  highlight  the  brightest  young  electronic  engineers  in  the  uk  today.  find  out  more  get  our  news,  blogs  and  comments  straight  to  your  inbox  sign  up  for  the  electronics  weekly  newsletters:  mannerisms,  gadget  master  and  the  daily  and  weekly  roundups.  find  out  more  by  using  this
__label__environmentmonitoring connected  street  lights  can  be  remotely  controlled  by  the  perpreprogrammed  schedule.such  connection  also  gives  realtime  alerts  in  case  of  lighting  problem  and  blackout.  this  improves  public  safety  by  lowering  time  for  fast  repair  and  proper  maintenance.  waviot  integrates  radiomodules  into  streetlight  housings  and  has  jointly  bid  on  several  large  municipal  lighting  rfps.  waviot  solution  allows  tens  of  thousands  of  streetlights  to  be  connected  directly  to  a  small  set  of  transceiver  base  stations.  certain  lights  can  be  designated  as  repeaters  to  ensure  100  network  coverage  with  a  very  little  additional  infrastructure  investment.  the  waviotopen  data  structure  allows  existing  streetlight  management  applications
__label__environmentmonitoring to  be  seamlessly  integrated.  installing  a  waviotnetwork  for  streetlight  management  has  direct  cobenefits  with  its  excess  network  capacity;  municipalities  can  also  add  other  services,  like  parking,  metering,  or  logistics  over  time,  with  no  additional  wireless  investment.  intelligent  street  lighting  is  and  humanfriendly.  waviot  nbfi  citywide  provides  proven  iot  connectivity  to  manufacturers  of  street  light  controllers  and  other  smart  city  devices.  waviotoffers  fast  and  simple  lights  upgrade  process  with  .  integration  of  the  nbfi  radiomodules  would  not  make  the  lights  price  higher  but  will  add  advanced  iot  features.  integrated  lights  will  be  able  to  send  a  realtime  data  on  lighting  status
__label__environmentmonitoring and  parameters.  wireless  signal  processing  and  data  handling  are  performed  by  the  base  station.  information  collected  transmits  to  the  main  server  where  it  can  be  utilized  for  realtime  monitoring  and  management.  remote  street  lights  control  are  performed  from  the  cloud  platform.  integrated  waviot  radio  module  or  modems  bring  the  longrange  connectivity  to  led  street  lights  with  high  scalability  and  coverage.  an  urban  area  is  unfriendlyto  the  rf  communication  and  use  of  mesh  is  expensive  on  the  large  scale  of  the  city  area.  lights  are  everywhere  and  the  connecting  technology  must  be  robust,  widearea  and  cost  effective.  the  base  station  designed
__label__environmentmonitoring for  rollingout  longrange  iot  network  in  the  urban  and  rural  environment.  featured  with  whip  antenna  and  fullduplex  connectivity  for  bidirectional  communication.  covering  800  sq.  km  area  and  aggregatingthe  data  from  2  000  000  smart  devices  and  sensors.  or  tell  us  about  your  needs  copyright  2010  2018  for  information  and  content  in  this  website.
__label__environmentmonitoring more  brands  from  interact  iot  platform  find  out  more  about  the  benefits  interact  iot  platform  and  connected  lighting  can  bring  you,  your  customers,  citizens  and  employees.  customer  stories  overview  of  our  interact  customer  stories.  follow  us  on:
__label__environmentmonitoring as  they  say,  necessity  is  the  mother  of  invention.  historically,  the  manner  in  which  we  produce  and  deliver  light  has  made  incremental  improvements  since  the  days  of  the  kerosene  lampeach  iteration  solving  challenges  posed  by  the  previous  method.  edisons  incandescent  light  bulb  in  1880  was  a  huge  leap  forward,  proving  to  be  more  economical,  convenient,  and  safe  than  the  widely  used  gaslight.  today,  we  continue  to  look  for  ways  to  reduce  lighting  costs  even  further,  and  use  energy  more  wisely.  iot  lighting  is  the  latest  gamechanger.  as  an  industry,  its  value  is  expected  to  grow  to  by  2026;  its  also
__label__environmentmonitoring being  called  a  so  what  exactly  is  iot  lighting  and  how  can  your  commercial  building  benefit  from  it?  keep  reading  to  find  out.  as  business  owners  and  facility  managers  become  more  conscious  of  energy  use,  the  more  likely  they  are  to  implement  some  type  of  lighting  control  system.  many  of  these  systems  are  in  place  today  already,  sometimes  as  part  of  a  building  management  system  bms.  being  able  to  create  a  set  schedule  for  the  lights  to  turn  them  off  when  no  ones  around  helps  save  energy  and  lowers  costs.  an  iot  lighting  system  goes  a  step  sometimes  several  steps
__label__environmentmonitoring further.  imagine  lights  illuminating  a  room  just  minutes  before  a  conference  is  scheduled  to  start.  or  accessing  information  about  how  long  a  customer  has  been  standing  in  a  retail  store  aisle,  and  what  theyre  looking  at.  these  things  can  be  accomplished  with  iot  lighting.  iot  smart  lighting  uses  wireless  switches,  eliminating  the  need  to  wire  light  switches  directly  to  fixtures.  those  bulbs  are  then  connected  to  a  network,  allowing  them  to  be  monitored  and  controlled  from  the  cloud.  via  the  web  or  a  mobile  app,  you  can  manage  individual  lights  or  groups  of  lights  based  on  things  like  occupancy,  external
__label__environmentmonitoring light  levels,  and  times  of  day;  you  can  also  control  dimming  and  colorchanging.  and  smart  fixtures  like  these  can  also  convey  information  about  broken  and  burntout  lighting,  all  in  realtime.  and  since  lights  are  ubiquitous  in  buildings,  these  connected  bulbs  are  also  an  excellent  conduit  for  gathering  additional  data  about  a  building.  sensors  can  be  embedded  into  the  fixtures  for  the  purpose  of  accumulating  and  transmitting  information  about  a  facility,  including  room  occupancy,  air  quality,  and  temperature,  among  other  things.  the  more  information  you  have  about  how  your  building  is  used,  the  better  equipped  you  are  to  manage  it  more
__label__environmentmonitoring efficiently.  some  interesting  potential  uses  for  iot  lighting  in  commercial  facilities  are:  whether  youre  considering  implementing  an  iotbased  smart  lighting  system  or  not,  its  wise  to  evaluate  the  most  basic  element  of  your  lighting  strategy:  the  light  bulb.  incandescent  bulbs  are  still  widely  used,  but  thats  changing  with  the  advent  of  leds.  essentially,  led  bulbs  produce  more  light  than  traditional  bulbs,  but  because  they  do  so  more  efficiently,  less  of  the  energy  radiates  from  the  bulb  as  heat.  when  they  were  first  introduced,  they  produced  more  of  a  cool  white  light;  today  they  offer  the  same  naturallooking  warm  light  as
__label__environmentmonitoring incandescents.  numerous  companies  worldwide  have  already  switched  to  led  lights,  which  can  easily  be  in  most  commercial  buildings.  the  reasons  theyve  switched:  leds  use  up  to  less  energy  than  incandescent  bulbs;  last  25  times  longer;  and  often  produce  better  quality  light  than  incandescents.  in  addition  to  the  money  saved  in  energy  use,  many  utility  companies  offer  as  incentives  for  companies  to  switch.  lighting  retrofit  is  often  considered  a  lowhanging  fruit  that  instantly  and  easily  helps  achieve  significant  reductions  in  energy  usage.  led  lighting  isnt  just  for  office  buildings.  it  can  also  be  used  for  just  about  every  other  type  of
__label__environmentmonitoring commercial  facility  as  well:  because  led  lights  are  naturally  friendly  to  digital  controls  they  include  a  semiconductor  to  produce  light,  they  are  perfectly  suited  for  iot  applications.  iot  led  lighting  is  the  ideal  way  to  realize  maximum  savingsand  gain  the  valuable  operational  insights  that  can  improve  all  aspects  of  your  building  management.  optimizing  your  buildings  lighting  system  is  a  great  way  to  start  seeing  savings,  but  there  are  also  other  things  you  can  do  to  reduce  your  utility  bill.  aside  from  an  led  lighting  retrofit,  and  the  ones  that  produce  the  most  significant  savings  are  automated  demand  response  and  automated
__label__environmentmonitoring demand  control  ventilation.  can  help.  well  work  with  you  to  design  a  custom  smart  that  delivers  maximum  financial  impact  for  your  building;  we  can  also  provide  the  tools  and  expert  advice  you  need  to  and  demand  charge.  to  learn  more  about  our  smart  building  solutions  and  led  retrofit  services,  or  hubspot  calltoaction  code  end  hubspot  calltoaction  code  care  to  share?  2111  e.  highland  ave,  suite  305  phoenix,  az  85016  645  hamilton  st,  suite  400  allentown,  pa  18101  tollfree  18557436478  general  information  iota  communications,  inc.  otc:  iotc  is  a  publicly  traded  leader  in  sustainable  energy,  energy  conservation  solutions,  and  iot  technology.
__label__environmentmonitoring the  lighting  controls  authority  by  guest  post  by  kevin  willmorth,  lumenique  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  become  the  talk  of  technologists  everywhere,  on  every  product  level  imaginable.  lighting  is  no  exception.  understanding  why  this  is  such  an  energetic  field  requires  thinking  beyond  conventional  control  and  connectivity  models.  the  integration  of  smart  features  opens  the  door  to  intelligent  utilization  of  data  and  energy  that  cannot  be  achieved  using  closed,  localized  technologies  that  cannot  be  accessed  beyond  their  limited  utilitarian  functionality.  to  gain  an  understanding  of  the  power  of  intelligence  and  data  sharing,  one  must  realize  how  many  opportunities  are  being
__label__environmentmonitoring missed  with  existing  system  architectures.  as  a  prime  example,  lighting  equipment  is  ubiquitous  to  the  built  environment.  anywhere  there  are  human  beings  doing  work,  there  will  be  lighting  systems  made  up  of  luminaires,  sensors  and  controls.  these  are  now  managed  in  an  encapsulated  universe,  connected  only  within  the  local  context.  other  systems,  such  as  hvac,  computer  networks,  security,  scheduling,  and  data  collection  are  also  operating  within  their  own  closed  bubbles,  using  controls  and  sensing  topology  that  overlap  one  another.  this  produces  redundancies  that  increase  installed  cost  and  lost  opportunities  to  extract  valuable  information  that  can  be  used  to  improve  the
__label__environmentmonitoring environment  for  those  being  served.  the  iot  is  a  foundation  of  load  control,  data  collection,  and  interpolation  across  a  wide  range  of  desperate  devices,  with  minimal  redundancy.  lighting  equipment  is  a  natural  platform  for  integrating  sensors  that  collect  occupancy,  foot  fall  monitoring,  temperature,  natural  light  availability,  and  safety  event  monitoring.  additionally,  through  the  integration  of  lifi  lightbased  data  communication,  lighting  can  also  serve  as  a  communications  platform  to  smart  devices,  hvac  control,  data  collection  nodes,  as  well  as  sensor,  load  and  controls  system  commissioning.  further,  ble  bluetooth  low  energy  and  wifi  networks,  poe  power  over  ethernet,  low  voltage  and  selfpowered
__label__environmentmonitoring controls,  produce  opportunities  for  building  system  intelligence  collection.  the  iot  pulls  this  together  under  a  larger  umbrella,  or  cloud,  that  supports  application  of  smart  software  to  enhance  the  human  experience,  while  delivering  useable  data  to  those  interested  in  delivering  fresh  new  products,  building  design  features,  work  environment  conditions,  shopping  experiences,  and  living  comfort.  at  home,  the  iot  will  provide  home  owners  realtime  information  on  the  condition  of  stored  foods,  state  of  security,  use  of  energy,  status  of  warranties  for  products  in  use,  maintenance  due  on  automobiles  and  appliances,  as  well  as  lighting  and  hvac  control.  this  will  grow  rapidly,  as
__label__environmentmonitoring the  number  of  consumer  devices  purchased  with  iot  capability  are  purchased  to  replace  older  hardware,  waiting  to  be  activated  when  the  homeowner  is  ready  to  avail  themselves  of  the  opportunity.  in  commercial  application,  the  opportunities  are  even  further  reaching.  restaurants  will  have  the  capacity  to  easily  track  and  manage  perishable  goods,  evaluate  customer  behaviors  and  preferences,  track  profits  in  realtime,  manage  facilities,  organize  menus,  even  communicate  menus  directly  to  smart  devices,  take  orders  that  are  directly  sent  to  kitchen  management,  and  track  satisfaction  at  multiple  locations  seamlessly.  the  connection  between  consumer  product  searching  online,  bricks  and  mortar  retailers,  wholesale  suppliers,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  manufacturers,  through  the  iot  means  that  fewer  products  sit  on  shelves,  and  fewer  customers  are  left  without  a  supply  of  desired  items.  health  care  and  educational  facilities  operators  will  find  even  more  opportunities  where  data  and  light  become  inseparable.  while  many  of  these  concepts  have  been  accomplished  with  closed  proprietary  data  systems  within  large  scale  entities,  the  layers  of  redundancy  remain.  even  those  with  sophisticated  market  data  intelligence,  use  of  internal  interconnectivity  between  building  systems,  and  distant  facilities,  is  essentially  nonexistent.  by  including  smart  features  within  equipment,  lighting  and  control  devices,  security,  network  systems  and  communications  platforms,  the  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring not  only  delivers  access  to  data  for  the  organizations  products  but  transforms  operation  of  facilities  as  well.  lighting  equipment  is  of  particular  interest  in  this  nascent  stage  of  the  deployment  of  the  iot.  lighting  equipment  is  not  only  universal  to  all  occupied  space,  it  is  powered  and  of  a  scale  that  can  absorb  additional  sensor  and  communication  technology,  at  a  reasonable  delivered  cost.  from  this  portal  to  cloud  based  data,  other  devices  can  be  added  and  integrated.  lighting  controls  being  activated  are  now  a  request  for  service,  that  delivers  light,  as  well  as  changes  in  temperature,  shade  setting,  while  identifying
__label__environmentmonitoring of  occupant  activity  for  use  by  operations  management.  while  the  iot  promises  to  advance  human  experience  and  provide  marketers  data  they  need,  there  remains  two  critical  issues  to  be  addressed.  the  first  concern  over  broad  interconnectivity  and  availability  of  data  is  system  security.  for  the  iot  to  be  practical,  all  connected  components  must  be  made  available  for  their  intended  purpose,  with  security  features  that  blocks  exploitation  by  those  who  would  use  access  to  do  harm.  the  second  concern  is  the  planned  obsolescence,  where  devices  are  sent  a  discontinue  service  instruction,  requiring  replacement  to  continue  functionality.  both  of  these  are  being
__label__environmentmonitoring addressed  by  iot  developers,  who  understand  that  without  the  willing  participation  of  customers,  the  concept  will  fail.  additionally,  when  iot  enabled  devices  rely  heavily  on  webbased  connections  to  function,  the  stability  of  internet  connection  becomes  a  critical  design  consideration.  the  most  reliable  systems  include  local  operational  functionality  whenever  webbased  communications  is  offline.  for  lighting,  this  is  a  critical  feature,  as  having  operations  disrupted  until  internet  service  is  restored,  is  an  unacceptable  failure  state.  while  the  marketing  energy  behind  the  deployment  of  the  iot  would  make  it  appear  it  will  be  universally  deployed  in  a  very  short  period  of  time,  concerns
__label__environmentmonitoring over  security,  operational  functionality,  product  interfaces,  unscrupulous  marketer  vulnerabilities,  and  deployment  of  universal  communications  protocols  will  have  a  damping  effect.  however,  the  opportunity  for  revenue  generation,  as  well  as  potential  for  delivering  improvements  in  operations,  as  well  as  human  experience  of  our  built  environment,  is  too  great  to  dismiss.  for  these  reasons,  the  iot  will  eventually  be  a  presence  in  lighting  and  daily  life  equal  to,  and  in  concert  with,  the  smart  phones  now  accepted  as  necessary  technology.  related  although  kevin  willmorth  briefly  mentioned  security  concerns  with  great  connected  lighting  comes  great  responsibility:  cybersecurity  in  the  age  of  iot  should
__label__environmentmonitoring the  more  than  350  million  bulbs  that  light  up  the  world  consume  a  humongous  amount  of  energy,  which,  many  estimates  put  at  about  19  percent  of  worlds  energy  consumed.  these  lighting  costs  are  essential  and  not  avoidable,  though  they  cost  governments  roughly  euro  3  billion  every  year.  though  led  lights  are  gradually  replacing  cfl  and  incandescent  lamps,  more  than  three  fourths  of  the  existing  streetlamps  are  of  more  than  25  years  old.  most  of  these  old  vintage  streetlamps  are  on  throughout  the  night,  even  when  there  is  no  one  around.  therefore,  with  the  aim  of  reducing  their  carbon  footprint,  while
__label__environmentmonitoring saving  both  money  and  electricity,  an  increasing  number  of  cities  around  the  world  are  opting  in  for  smart  technologies  to  prevent  unnecessary  wastage  of  lights,  by  means  of  dimming  or  automatically  switching  on/off  these  lights  at  night.  a  pilot  project  was  conducted  in  norway,  using  selfdimming  streetlamps  along  routes  with  low  traffic,  at  night  by  tvilight,  an  amsterdambased  company  working  towards  sustainable,  smart  cities  of  the  future.  making  streetlights  smart  uses  wireless  technologies  to  control  and  monitor  the  actual  amount  of  energy  consumed  by  these  streetlights.  this  data  is  then  used  to  initiate  suitable  measures  to  reduce  energy  consumption  through
__label__environmentmonitoring power  conditioning.  the  smartness  of  the  streetlights  is  derived  from  a  microcontroller  and  some  sensors  coupled  with  a  wireless  module.  this  entire  unit  is  called  the  controller.  this,  when  installed  on  the  streetlight  pole,  would  communicate  data  between  streetlights  and  thus  control  led  street  lighting  depending  on  traffic  flow.  data  generated  from  each  streetlight,  is  then  passed  on  to  the  basestation  via  wireless  means,  thus  enabling  a  realtime  monitoring  of  the  system.  the  mode  of  operation  can  be  chosen  as  either  manual  or  auto  mode.  the  control  system  can  be  programmed  to  turnoff  lights  as  per  a  predetermined  schedule.  this
__label__environmentmonitoring system  can  also  be  programmed  to  vary  the  intensity  of  lighting  to  suit  predetermined  situations.  light  dependent  resistors  ldr  sense  light  and  it  automatically  switches  off  lights.  this  results  in  huge  energy  savings  and  avoids  wastage  of  energy  by  glowing  street  lights  in  unwanted  areas.  the  whole  system  can  be  operated  using  solar  energy  with  a  battery  backup.  sensors  using  passive  infra  red  pif  technology  are  used  to  sense  the  presence  of  people  and  the  light  intensity  of  an  area.  this  data  is  then  transmitted  wirelessly  to  the  controller,  which  inturn  switches  on/off  the  streetlight  or  enables  dimming  or  brightening
__label__environmentmonitoring of  the  area,  depending  on  the  presence  or  absence  of  people.  this  is  highly  effective  in  areas  experiencing  low  traffic  at  sometimes  of  the  night.  old  v/s  new  technologies  a  detailed  study  of  the  existing  and  new  technologies  gives  us  a  better  perspective  of  the  advantages  and  disadvantages  of  both  systems.  these  can  be  listed  as  follows:  disadvantages  of  existing  system  advantages  of  the  proposed  system  how  smartlighting  works  the  smart  streetlighting  system  consists  of  ir  sensors,  ldrs,  microcontroller,  relays,  transmitters,  receivers  and  wifi  modules  linked  up  to  each  other  over  wireless  media.  the  resistance  of  an  ldr  decreases  when
__label__environmentmonitoring light  falls  on  them  and  increases  in  the  absence  of  light.  vehicles  passing  by  a  street  light  are  detected  by  ir  sensors.  relays  are  used  to  switch  on/off  the  streetlights.  transmitters  and  receivers  are  programmed  microchips  that  control  a  computers  interface  to  its  connected  streetlight  system.  this  realtime  information  and  data  can  be  accessed  over  the  internet  from  anywhere,  anytime.  an  is  a  cost  efficient,  practical,  ecofriendly  and  the  safest  way  to  save  energy.  the  status  information  is  easily  accessible  anytime  and  anywhere.  this  very  efficiently  eliminates  the  problems  of  saving  of  energy  and  also  disposal  of  incandescent  lamps.  however,
__label__environmentmonitoring the  initial  cost  of  installation  and  maintenance  can  be  the  deterrents  to  adoption  of  this  system.  the  development  of  leds  has  resulted  in  lighting  systems  with  long  life,  cool  lighting,  devoid  of  any  toxic  material  and  fast  switching  capabilities.  these  result  in  several  advantages  that  outweigh  the  current  limitations.  considering  the  long  term  benefits,  the  initial  cost  should  never  be  a  taken  as  a  limiting  factor,  due  to  faster  return  on  investment  roi.  the  scope  of  such  a  system  can  be  expanded  to  include  other  applications  such  as  industrial  lighting,  campus  lighting  and  parking  lots  of  huge  shopping  malls  etc.
__label__environmentmonitoring this  can  also  be  used  for  surveillance  in  corporate  campuses  and  industries  and  security  applications.  for  more  information,  please  visit:  also,  write  to  us  at  if  you  dont  mind  can  you  give  the  total  details  about  both  monitoring  and  controlling  of  iot  based  street  lights??  yeah  bookmaking  this  wasnt  a  risky  decision  outstanding  post  .  interesting  post,  thanks  for  sharing.  wow,  thats  what  i  was  looking  for,  what  a  material  existing  here  at  this  web  site,  thanks  admin  of  this  site.  if  youd  like  us  to  contact  you,  please  fill  out  the  form.  your  form  is  submitted.  thank  you  for
__label__environmentmonitoring imagine  a  world  where  many  of  the  typical  devices  in  a  space  have  evolved  to  be  able  to  gather  data,  share  data,  and  connect  to  and  communicate  with  people  and  other  devices  in  real  time,  turning  the  everyday  physical  world  into  one  massive  information  system.  internet  connectivity  is  no  longer  limited  to  computers  or  smartphones  but  has  expanded  to  include  objects  like  refrigerators,  cars,  coffee  pots  and  even  lighting.  this  phenomenon  of  widespread  intelligence  and  connectivity  is  known  as  the  and,  while  still  in  its  infancy,  it  is  growing  rapidly.  current  projections  estimate  that  there  will  be  approximately  70  billion
__label__environmentmonitoring iot  devices  worldwide  by  2025.  while  new  adopters  are  clamoring  for  connectivity,  many  are  waiting  to  see  how  iotequipped  buildings  will  create  real  economic  value  for  owners  and  occupants.  a  recent  survey,  conducted  by  the  continental  automated  buildings  association  caba,  identified  the  most  attractive  advantages  of  incorporating  iot  into  a  building  as  the  abilities  to:  iot  supports  financial  planning  by  providing  building  data  that  can  be  used  to  create  more  accurate  financial  projections  and  cost  analyses.  the  data  generated  through  iot  can  also  provide  a  better  snapshot  of  how  the  building  is  performing  and  identify  opportunities  to  optimize  it,  saving
__label__environmentmonitoring energy.  in  terms  of  the  best  ways  to  equip  a  building  for  iot,  the  lighting  system  is  emerging  as  a  solution  that  is  uniquely  suited  for  creating  a  buildingwide  iot  infrastructure.  lighting  fixtures  and  lighting  control  devices  are:  an  iotequipped  lighting  fixture  provides  light,  but  it  offers  additional  value:  system  performance  data  could  support  maintenance  and  financial  planning  objectives  by  providing  notices  when  devices  are  working  outside  of  normal  parameters,  notification  of  device  failures,  and  system  energy  consumption.  sensors  in  the  iotcapable  lighting  fixtures  could  also  monitor  space  use  and  air  temperature,  track  the  location  of  equipment  of  interest,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring offer  points  of  connectivity  for  occupants  in  the  space.  while  the  financial  advantages  of  accessing  performance  information  about  the  lighting  system  and  improving  system  efficiency  are  readily  accepted  in  the  industry,  the  potential  for  this  technology  to  add  even  greater  value  through  monitoring  various  aspects  of  the  interior  is  still  being  understood.  advocates  suggest  that  an  iotequipped  building  will  enable  owners  and  facilities  teams  to  make  better  use  of  building  resources,  such  as  space  and  equipment,  and  improve  the  productivity  of  employees.  the  improved  level  of  control  and  customization  that  is  possible  with  an  iotequipped  lighting  system  may  also  enhance
__label__environmentmonitoring the  comfort  and  wellbeing  of  office  employees.  hospitality  and  retail  spaces  can  also  customize  an  experience  and  track  the  response  in  real  time.  here  are  examples  of  how  an  iotequipped  lighting  system  could  create  additional  value  in  a  building.  identify  interior  and  exterior  space  that  is  being  overused  or  underutilized.  the  iotequipped  lighting  system  could  collect  data  on  occupancy  patterns  and  present  it  in  a  simple  floorplan  graphic  summarizing  space  usage.  this  snapshot  of  space  use  makes  it  easy  to  spot  opportunities  for  improvement  and  better  manage  the  workload  of  every  square  foot.  many  professionals  waste  valuable  time  looking  for
__label__environmentmonitoring equipment.  iotequipped  lighting  systems  could  offer  asset  tracking.  sensors  in  the  lights  recognize  data  tags  attached  to  an  object  and  relay  its  whereabouts  through  a  software  application.  equipment  will  never  be  hard  to  find  again,  regardless  of  where  it  may  be  hiding.  eliminate  the  guesswork  and  wasted  time  involved  with  finding,  scheduling,  using  and  coordinating  building  resources.  an  iotequipped  lighting  system  could  give  employees  access  to  better  information  presented  in  a  way  that  is  easy  to  understand  and  use,  enabling  teams  to  find  solutions  faster.  discomfort  is  distracting.  occupants  can  control  their  immediate  environment  with  an  iotequipped  lighting  system  and
__label__environmentmonitoring a  mobile  app;  allow  them  to  adjust  the  local  light  level  and  temperature  to  their  preferred  setting.  this  will  help  them  focus  on  the  task,  project,  lesson  or  healing  at  hand.  an  iotequipped  lighting  system  could  create  a  unique  guest  or  customer  experience  in  a  space  and  allow  the  intelligent  sensors  to  track  response  in  terms  of  traffic  and  occupancy  patterns.  determine  if  new  displays  are  capturing  customer  attention,  and  make  adjustments  in  areas  that  seem  to  need  more  support.  today,  the  novelty  of  the  iot  movement,  and  the  stillundeveloped  technology  that  will  help  to  make  iot  a  valuable  piece
__label__environmentmonitoring of  everyday  life,  may  undermine  many  peoples  ability  to  fully  grasp  the  profound  potential  of  a  connected  building.  trying  to  describe  the  possibility  of  a  world  where  everything  is  connected,  today,  is  like  trying  to  describe  the  importance  of  the  internet  in  1985,  five  years  before  the  invention  of  the  world  wide  web,  said  ken  walma,  vice  president  and  general  manager  of  eatons  lighting  division.  as  this  new  connected  and  intelligent  world  emerges,  perhaps  the  iot  lighting  systems  greatest  value  is  its  elimination  of  the  limitations  that  exist  because  things  and  people  are  not  currently  connected.  it  eliminates  unknowns  with
__label__environmentmonitoring better,  more  prolific  data.  it  eliminates  time  wasted  doing  things  that  a  connected  environment  could  complete  automatically.  it  eliminates  energy  waste.  all  of  these  things  are  possible  in  a  connected  world.  subscribe  to  our  newsletter  today  to  receive  updates  on  the  latest  news  and  releases.  we  respect  your  privacy.  your  information  is  safe  and  will  never  be  shared.  3216  s  brentwood  blvd.  webster  groves,  mo  63119  t.  314  531  3500  e.  hellolaiweb.net  2019  lighting  associates,  llc.  all  rights  reserved.
__label__environmentmonitoring from  managed  connectivity  to  offtheshelf  managed  services  for  select  vertical  markets,  supported  by  a  robust  iot  platform.  how  will  5g  technology  lead  to  evolutionary  and  disruptive  changes  in  the  iot?  bestinclass  network  management  and  technical  support  bundled  together  to  make  it  easy  to  monitor,  configure,  upgrade,  and  support  your  airlink  gateways  and  routers.  learn  how  the  industrial  iot  has  made  commercial  and  industrial  washing  machine  equipment  more  efficient.  start  with  sierra  wireless  to  create  a  comprehensive  iot  solution  for  supply  chain  optimization.  find  out  how  durabook  was  able  to  reduce  development  time  by  50  with  sierra  wireless.  connected  street  lights
__label__environmentmonitoring using  p2p  cellular  technology  offer  cities  the  opportunity  to  make  their  citys  lighting  more  useful,  less  expensive  and  smarter.  find  out  how  our  services  and  solutions  can  allow  commercial  washing  machines  and  other  oems  to  reimagine  the  future.  receive  regular  updates  on  our  latest  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories,  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  internet  of  things  iot  space  across  all  sectors  and  regions.  discover  the  future  of  critical  mobile  communications  and  improved  applications  with  5g  technology.  find  out  what  happened  when  pierce  pepin  installed  a  network  of  sierra  wireless  4g  lte  wifi  mobile  gateways  with  gps.  track
__label__environmentmonitoring assets  through  the  supply  chain  and  generate  realtime  data.  join  us  at  our  2019  innovation  summit  to  learn  about  the  latest  iot  innovations.  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  slide  down  many  cities  are  already  replacing  traditional  luminaires  with  more  energyefficient  led  light  fixtures.  these  projects  also  create  an  opportunity  to  deploy  wireless  machinetomachine  m2m  solutions  to  enable  connected  public  lighting.  by  centrally  monitoring  and  controlling  an  intelligent  network  of  outdoor  leds,
__label__environmentmonitoring governments  and  their  partners  can:  philips  citytouch  uses  sierra  wireless  airprime  embedded  wireless  modules  to  provide  connectivity  for  its  lightwave  remote  lighting  system.  with  reliable  cellular  connectivity  embedded  directly  into  led  outdoor  fixtures,  the  solution  provides  a  complete  connected  lighting  system  that  can  be  installed  in  minutes.  installers  just  plug  in  the  fixture,  and  the  light  instantly  appears  on  the  customers  central  citytouch  map.  operators  can  see  the  status  and  technical  parameters  of  lights  across  the  infrastructure  at  a  glance,  and  remotely  control  lights  in  any  area,  individually  or  in  groups.  the  intelligent  system,  combined  with  more  efficient  led  lighting,
__label__environmentmonitoring is  helping  cities  reduce  energy  costs  as  much  as  80.  sierra  wireless  is  supporting  philips  citytouch  deployments  around  the  world.  and,  because  sierra  wireless  can  provide  pretested,  precertified  airprime  modules  from  2g  to  4g  lte,  philips  citytouch  will  be  able  to  scale  the  solution  to  virtually  any  new  market  in  the  future.  the  deployment  of  the  sogexi  streetlight  management  system  with  sierra  wireless  programmable  modems  has  allowed  us  to  be  proactive  in  our  energy  savings  plan  and  maintenance  efficiency.  the  realtime  monitoring  and  reporting  of  outages  provided  by  the  airvantage  cloud  helps  us  to  be  proactive  with  maintenance,  which  improves
__label__environmentmonitoring overall  safety  for  our  citizens.  dominique  colinot,  street  lighting  network  manager,  city  of  clermontferrand  sierra  wireless  integrated  devicetocloud  iot  solutions  for  include:  sierra  wireless  is  an  iot  pioneer,  empowering  businesses  and  industries  to  transform  and  thrive  in  the  connected  economy.  get  the  latest  on  innovations,  product  launches,  customer  stories  and  news  of  wireless  applications  in  the  iot  space.  thank  you  for  your  interest  in  our  iot  newsletter.you  are  subscribed  now.
__label__environmentmonitoring compared  to  incandescent  and  fluorescent  lighting,  leds  offer  many  advantages  including  long  lifetime,  higher  energy  efficiency,  lower  life  cycle  costs,  and  improved  light  quality.  but  leds  are  more  than  just  replacements  for  traditional  lighting  solutions.  they  are  also  inherently  electronic  devices,  and  when  controlled  with  smart  dimming  modules  and  power  supplies  used  for  smart  home  lighting  and  building  lighting,  led  luminaires  can  easily  be  integrated  into  the  smart  networks  and  digital  control  systems  that  are  beginning  to  comprise  the  internet  of  things  iot.  theres  been  considerable  activity  in  the  lighting  industry  related  to  iot,  and  the  subject  was  a  major
__label__environmentmonitoring topic  of  interest  at  the  in  chicago.  gre  alpha  displayed  several  products  at  the  show  including  dali  dimmers  that  are  key  components  in  iotbased  led  lighting  systems  when  integrated  with  power  supplies  used  for  smart  lighting,  sensors,  and  modules  that  enable  wifi  dimming  and  control  through  smart  networks.  iotbased  led  lighting  has  the  potential  to  offer  important  features  and  capabilities  such  as:  since  lighting  is  everywhere  in  a  home  or  building,  and  since  leds  are  easily  integrated  into  digital  controllers,  led  luminaires  can  potentially  offer  additional  functionality  such  as  air  quality  monitoring,  room  temperature  monitoring,  communication  with  other  smart  devices
__label__environmentmonitoring over  wifi  or  power  lines,  and  even  visual  light  communication  vlc  to  other  smart  devices.  with  the  potential  to  serve  in  so  many  roles,  led  lighting  systems  can  serve  as  key  components  of  backbone  of  the  internet  of  things  in  homes,  commercial  buildings,  and  industrial  applications.  to  guide  manufacturers  in  developing  iotbased  led  lighting  solutions,  the  ,  which  includes  leading  lighting,  building  management,  and  iot  companies,  introduced  the  first  iot  interface  specification  for  enabling  futureproof  intelligent  buildings.  their  interface  specification  v1.0  defines  a  socket  that  allows  any  iot  sensor  or  control  module  to  connect  to  a  luminaire  or  other  building
__label__environmentmonitoring system.  the  standard  includes  specifications  for  mechanical,  electrical,  and  software,  and  it  allows  for  parts  to  be  retrofitted  or  replaced  on  site.  it  is  independent  of  network  protocol,  which  means  that  iotcompliant  products  can  connect  via  wireless  or  wired  networks  to  integrate  with  led  lighting  systems.  supported  networks  include  thread,  ble,  zigbee,  zwave,  wifi  and  ip/ethernet  networks.  the  iotready  alliance  specification  v1.0  is  designed  to  enable  rapid  growth  in  the  iot  lighting  sector  and  to  ensure  smart  buildings  incorporate  the  full  advantages  of  led  luminaires  and  power  supplies  used  for  smart  lighting  now  and  in  the  future.  gre  alpha  is
__label__environmentmonitoring working  with  industry  leaders  and  standards  organizations  to  create  nextgeneration  iotintegrated  led  dimming  modules  and  drivers.  a  current  path  to  iotready  lighting  solutions  includes  led  power  supplies  coupled  to  .  dali  dimmers  such  as  the  gre  alpha  provide  flexibility  and  ease  of  use  for  smart  home  lighting  automation  projects,  while  the  ,  which  has  an  available  dali  version,  is  a  compact  dimming  module  that  serves  as  an  addon  for  constant  voltage  led  drivers.  both  modules  are  fully  compatible  with  led  power  supplies  used  for  iot  lighting  and  can  enable  network  and  wifi  dimming  when  coupled  with  power  supplies  used  for
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  lighting.  gre  alpha  electronics,  ltd.  specializes  in  the  design  and  manufacture  of  solidstate  lighting  power  supplies  and  lighting  control  accessories  which  are  the  lifeblood  of  indoor  and  outdoor  led  lighting  systems.  unlike  many  in  the  led  industry,  gre  alpha  focuses  on  a  modular  approach.  their  products  can  be  used  either  in  conjunction  with  existing  systems  or  with  new  setups.  with  more  than  two  decades  of  power  conversion  expertise  and  a  commitment  to  innovation,  gre  alpha  engages  with  industry  pioneers  to  deliver  highly  efficient,  installationready  and  agencyapproved  led  power  conversion  products  for  a  wide  variety  of  industry  applications.  www.grealpha.com  filed
__label__environmentmonitoring as  building  owners  and  operators  consider  lighting  control  networks,  the  ssl  industry  has  built  support  around  the  open  bluetooth  mesh  standard.  russ  sharer  outlines  how  interoperability  and  other  features  are  driving  the  momentum  for  meshbased  iot  lighting.  russ  sharer  he  promise  of  smart  led  lighting  controls  has  been  with  us  for  some  time  but  until  now,  implementing  a  buildingwide  control  system  for  lighting  has  remained  a  challenge.  there  have  been  multiple  potential  integration  strategies,  not  to  mention  different  requirements  and  products  for  retrofits  versus  new  construction.  without  a  single  dominant  control  technology,  lighting  control  adoption  has  been  slow  since  no
__label__environmentmonitoring one  wants  to  back  the  wrong  technology.  at  the  same  time,  the  benefits  of  buildingwide  lighting  control  appear  too  great  to  ignore.  many  of  these  constraints  are  being  removed  as  building  owners  and  operators  seek  to  use  a  robust  lighting  control  infrastructure  as  the  skeleton  for  a  building  management  system  based  on  the  internet  of  things  iot  or  other  technologies.  the  first  step,  it  appears,  is  the  new  bluetooth  mesh  common  standard  that  is  open  and  extensible  for  lighting  controls  and  m  ,  buildings  consume  70  of  the  electricity  load  in  the  united  states  and  account  for  39  of  co
__label__environmentmonitoring emissions.  .  the  us  department  of  energy  estimates  that  .  that  adds  up  to  about  100  billion  in  annual  operating  costs.  this  data  drives  the  adoption  of  smart  lighting  controls  and  even  intelligent  building  energy  management  for  the  ability  to  reduce  energy  consumption  in  normal  daytoday  building  o  commercial  building  managers  have  begun  cutting  energy  costs  by  switching  to  led  lighting.  in  fact,  overall  electricity  consumption  for  lighting  in  an  office  has  dropped  from  38  to  17  of  total  usage  between  2003  and  2012  largely  thanks  to  led  retrofits  fig.  1,  and  fig.  1.  energy  consumption  has  been  significantly  reduced
__label__environmentmonitoring with  the  uptake  of  ledbased  solidstate  lighting  ssl  lamp  options  compared  to  incandescent  and  compact  fluorescent  cfl  light  sources.  saving  energy  and  money  are  only  the  initial  benefits  for  implementing  smart  lighting  controls.  with  a  common  standard  or  language  in  place,  vendors  can  look  beyond  lighting  controls  to  building  automation  and  smart  cities.  light  fixtures  hold  great  promise  as  onramps  to  the  iot,  especially  in  commercial  buildings  where  they  are  prevalent,  have  a  reliable  power  source,  and  are  more  evenly  spaced  than  any  other  type  of  electrical  equipment,  including  wall  sockets.  placing  sensors  in  these  light  fixtures  extends  monitoring  and
__label__environmentmonitoring control  information,  offering  the  potential  for  control  over  hvac,  security  systems,  emergency  alerts,  and  much  more.  the  same  is  true  for  city  street  lights,  where  streetlight  sensors  can  he  used  to  monitor  traffic,  the  weather,  and  other  valueadd  services  for  citizens.  lighting  control  and  its  associated  communications  extends  infrastructure  from  single  purpose  illumination  to  an  enabler  of  multiple  applications  and  building  intelligence  into  led  luminaires  is  the  first  step  to  this  smart  lighting  infrastructure.  many  solidstate  lighting  ssl  fixtures  already  feature  embedded  programmability  to  adjust  for  light  characteristics  such  as  hue,  light  intensity,  dimming,  and  energy  consumption;  what  fulham  calls
__label__environmentmonitoring clever  lighting.  with  embedded  programmability,  luminaires  can  be  tuned  at  the  factory  or  in  the  field  to  specific  output  characteristics,  and  when  you  add  wireless  communications  you  create  an  intelligent  lighting  framework.  sensors  that  provide  input  into  the  lighting  system  completes  the  smart,  controllable  lighting  there  are  different  ways  to  approach  lighting  communications.  hardwiring  luminaires  into  a  central  ipbased  network  is  one  approach.  for  new  building  construction,  for  example,  replacing  conventional  wiring  with  10baset  ethernet  cable  uses  the  computer  network  for  dc  power  and  control.  led  luminaires  can  be  powered  using  power  over  ethernet  poe,  the  ieee  802.3  standard  that
__label__environmentmonitoring specifies  both  power  and  data  be  transmitted  over  the  same  category  6  network  cable.  while  poe  doesnt  deliver  sufficient  power  for  fluorescent  lighting,  it  offers  more  than  enough  power  for  most  led  luminaires,  and  its  energy  efficient  when  you  consider  that  a  direct  network  connection  eliminates  the  need  for  acto  having  a  direct  connection  to  led  luminaires  gives  you  complete  control;  it  simplifies  commissioning  as  well  as  device  control.  using  the  buildings  ethernet  network  provides  central  control  over  power  consumption,  lighting  characteristics,  and  light  levels  and  can  even  monitor  and  moderate  heat,  all  accessed  over  the  secured  corporate  it  infrastructure
__label__environmentmonitoring by  any  webbrowser  equipped  device.  this  same  ethernet  infrastructure  when  equipped  with  sensors  provides  direction  to  the  luminaires  for  centralized  monitoring  of  ambient  light,  temperature,  humidity,  and  occupancy.  the  data  collected  by  sensors  can  be  extended  to  other  control  systems  including  those  for  hvac,  window  coverings,  fire  alarms,  etc.  the  perfect  infrastructure  for  iot  however,  the  number  of  existing  commercial  buildings  greatly  outnumbers  new  construction.  new  building  space  only  makes  up  about  78  of  commercial  space  each  year,  and  fully  half  of  commercial  buildings  still  in  use  are  at  least  60  years  old.  replacing  existing  wiring  to  accommodate  ethernetpowered  intelligent
__label__environmentmonitoring lighting  is  not  practical.  in  fact,  analysts  estimate  that  50  of  the  led  luminaire  market  will  be  for  lighting  retrofits  through  2025.  thats  why  the  industry  is  actively  assessing  wireless  alternatives  for  lighting  control  conn  ,  which  is  supported  by  the  connected  lighting  alliance.  theres  also  zwave  for  home  automation  and  even  wifi,  which  is  already  widely  accepted  for  commercial  and  residential  it  use.  the  problem  is  that,  when  applied  to  lighting,  these  standards  can  only  offer  proprietary,  singlevendor  s  on  the  other  hand,  is  gaining  market  momentum  for  wireless  lighting  controls  because  it  is  open,  delivers  the  promise  of
__label__environmentmonitoring choosing  from  multiple  vendors,  and  is  extensible  to  cover  a  variety  of  lighting  installations.  bluetooth  is  a  welldefined  and  comprehensivelydocumented  standard,  so  vendors  that  conform  to  the  standard  can  guarantee  bluetooth  interoperability.  for  example,  every  smartphone  has  bluetooth  built  in  and,  no  matter  who  the  manufacturer  is,  one  vendors  bluetooth  smartphone  can  communicate  with  every  other  smartphone  and  bluetoothenabled  device.  adopting  bluetooth  mesh  not  only  guarantees  a  means  to  wirelessly  connect  luminaire  sensors,  but  it  also  ensures  interoperability  with  other  bluetooth  built  as  an  extension  of  the  bluetooth  standard  created  by  ericsson  in  1998,  bluetooth  mesh  is  a  wireless  radio
__label__environmentmonitoring networking  schema  created  to  scale  to  connect  thousands  of  devices.  the  bluetooth  mesh  standard  offers  outofthebox  connectivity  with  any  bluetoot  where  bluetooth  was  originally  developed  for  pointtopoint  device  connections,  bluetooth  mesh  operates  as  a  flood  network,  providing  simultaneous,  manytomany  communications  among  all  devices  associated  with  a  network  in  the  vicinity  fig.  2.  bluetooth  mesh  sends  every  incoming  data  packet  across  every  outgoing  connection  to  share  the  data  across  a  lattice  of  bluetooth  devices.  bluetooth  mesh  is  scalable  and  fast  up  to  1  mbit/s,  and  there  is  no  single  point  of  failure.  ,  establishing  it  as  a  solid  communications  framework  fig.
__label__environmentmonitoring 2.  the  value  of  bluetooth  mesh  networks  lies  in  their  scalability  with  extended  range,  connecting  many  devices  in  a  multipoint  architecture  and  rerouting  communications  as  needed.  bluetooth  mesh  ensures  compatibility  as  well  since  the  standard  is  welldefined  and  products  have  to  be  qualified  by  the  bluetooth  sig.  since  bluetooth  mesh  is  selfhealing,  you  can  add  or  remove  devices  without  the  need  for  reprogramming,  as  well  as  adding  or  removing  devices  as  needed  without  disruption.  if  a  device  fails  or  the  signal  is  blocked,  the  mesh  compensates  by  rerouting  bluetooth  mesh  data  packets  can  be  up  to  384  bytes,  but  most
__label__environmentmonitoring messages  fit  in  an  11byte  frame  more  than  enough  for  most  machinetomachine,  or  in  this  case  lumi  luminaire,  communications.  the  message  starts  with  one  byte  of  opcode  for  special  messages,  then  includes  2  bytes  for  standard  messages  or  3  bytes  for  vendorspecific  messages.  each  bluetooth  message  also  includes  a  source  and  destination  address,  and  sequence  numbers  to  prevent  replay  bluetooth  also  brings  compatibility  with  a  huge  established  base  of  wireless  devices.  handheld  devices  such  as  smartphones  and  tablets  can  be  equipped  with  bluetooth  apps  for  lighting  controls.  in  addition,  inside  of  a  rigorous  security  framework,  other  bluetooth  devices  can  be
__label__environmentmonitoring added  to  the  same  mesh  one  of  the  advantages  of  using  bluetooth  mesh  for  smart  lighting  is  it  can  support  twoway  communications.  this  means  the  same  mesh  infrastructure  can  be  used  to  .  once  the  luminaire  sensors  are  in  place,  the  same  infrastructure  can  be  used  to  monitor  other  building  conditions,  like  occupancy  or  temperature,  and  send  back  information  to  a  contro  with  twoway  communications,  sensors  can  be  used  to  measure  ambient  light,  sending  the  information  back  to  a  control  system  that  would  then  issue  instructions  to  make  the  luminaire  brighter  or  dimmer.  a  sensor  that  detects  presence  in  a
__label__environmentmonitoring space  can  not  only  turn  on  the  light  but  also  signal  the  hvac  to  cool  or  heat  the  space,  while  notifying  the  security  system  that  someone  is  in  the  building  and  switch  the  office  telephone  to  available  or  at  least  i  as  the  world  becomes  more  connected,  network  security  becomes  a  bigger  concern.  providing  twoway  wireless  lighting  control  as  part  of  a  building  management  infrastructure  could  potentially  give  hackers  access  to  systems  such  as  building  security,  as  well  as  provide  a  back  door  to  access  sensitive  data  on  connected  business  .  all  bluetooth  communications  are  encrypted  using  two  decryption  keys:
__label__environmentmonitoring 1  network  keys  that  are  allocated  to  a  specific  network  and  2  application  keys  that  relate  to  a  specific  function  such  as  turning  on  a  light  as  opposed  to  configuring  a  light.  the  encryption  standard  is  one  of  the  most  advanced  on  the  market,  making  it  virtually  impossible  to  break  into  a  bluetooth  mesh  lighting  cont  bluetooth  authentication  uses  a  challengeresponse  schema  where  each  device  in  the  authentication  procedure  is  either  a  verifier  or  a  claimant;  the  verifier  is  seeking  to  validate  device  identity  and  the  claimant  needs  to  prove  its  identity.  finally,  for  additional  security,  bluetooth  mesh  also  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  divided  into  separate  subnets  or  groups,  each  with  its  own  cryptography  and  authentication  schemas.  the  system  has  been  designed  to  defend  itself  from  attacks  such  as  malicious  data  transmission  repeats  and  delays,  extracting  passwords  from  devices  separated  from  the  mesh,  a  one  of  the  most  confusing  parts  of  bluetooth  mesh  is  what  software  it  supports.  for  this,  the  standard  has  options.  the  bluetooth  mesh  standard  does  contain  not  only  definitions  for  the  wireless  network  and  mesh  but  also  for  the  upper  level  applications  that  turn  lights  on  and  off,  and  provide  dim  and  tune  illumination  characteristics.  however,  a  developer
__label__environmentmonitoring can  also  use  the  bluetooth  radio  and  mesh  and  use  a  different  upperlevel  software  much  like  a  wifi  network  can  speak  ip  or  some  proprietary  machinetomachine  initially,  this  may  be  tricky  for  smart  lighting  deployments,  since  vendors  are  promoting  bluetooth  mesh  networks  with  standard,  proprietary,  and  ipv6  software.  what  is  important  is  for  the  specifier  and  contractor  to  be  sure  they  are  using  a  consistent  implementation.  when  looking  at  the  true  bluetooth  mesh  standard,  it  will  be  documented  as  sig  qualified  or  just  qualified.  anything  else  will  have  limited  multivendor  interoperability  fig.  3  which  means  the  selection  of  luminaires,  sensors,
__label__environmentmonitoring and  switches  the  installation  can  deploy  is  much  more  fig.  3.  interoperability  characteristics  of  an  open  standard  such  as  bluetooth  mesh  are  one  of  the  factors  boosting  its  support  for  iot  applications.  the  promise  of  iot  appears  ready  to  drive  demand  for  wireless  lighting  controls.  with  commercial  construction  limited  annually,  building  managers  will  rely  on  bluetooth  mesh  to  retrofit  lighting  control  connectivity.  once  installed,  the  luminaires  can  support  various  lighting  control  systems,  then  move  on  to  empower  iot  infrastructure  that  goes  far  beyond  the  next  step  in  the  evolution  of  lighting  controls  will  be  for  manufacturers  delivering  sig  qualified  bluetooth
__label__environmentmonitoring meshready  luminaires  with  sensors  installed.  these  will  be  easy  to  install  and  offer  a  relatively  fast  return  on  investment.  and  once  this  bluetooth  mesh  framework  is  in  place  delivering  twoway,  machinetomachine  communications,  the  possibilities  offered  by  smart  building  controls  are  e  is  vice  president  of  global  marketing  and  business  development  for  .  sharer  has  more  than  25  years  of  experience  in  b2b  marketing,  business  development,  and  sales  for  a  wide  range  of  technology,  networking  equipment,  and  software  companies.  before  joining  fulham,  he  founded  consulting  firm  sharer  and  associates,  and  served  as  vice  president  of  marketing  for  occam  networks.  sharer  oversees
__label__environmentmonitoring fulhams  strategic  brand  direction,  development,  and  execution  of  new  products  as  well  as  technology  and  marketing  strategies.  sharer  received  a  bs  in  industrial  engineering  from  california  polytechnic  state  university  san  luis  obispo  and  a  masters  degree  in  organizational  leadership  from  gonzaga.
__label__environmentmonitoring smart  lighting  is  a  lighting  system  that  is  connected  to  a  network  and  can  be  monitored  and  controlled  from  any  centralized  system  or  via  a  cloud.  the  use  of  smart  lighting  has  been  on  the  rise  in  the  past  few  years.  it  has  potential  to  be  an  enabling  infrastructure  for  the  .  it  organizations  must  select  a  smart  lighting  solution  that  would  develop  with  the  expansion  of  their  workspace.  according  to  ,  the  smart  lighting  base  project  would  grow  up  to  2.54  billion  units  by  2020.  smart  lighting  in  offices  and  industries  can  reduce  energy  costs  by  90.  however,  to
__label__environmentmonitoring achieve  this  reduction  in  costs,  safety  and  security  service  providers  need  to  implement  five  strategic  phases.  they  are:  iot  technology  in  lighting  is  a  broad  prospect  that  extends  beyond  just  dimming  lights.  a  lighting  control  system  is  a  part  of  iot  environment  which  enables  the  monitoring  of  all  led  luminaires  together.  to  accomplish  this,  access  to  control  the  lighting  is  either  made  automatic  or  at  the  discretion  of  the  user.  some  of  the  benefits  of  iot  technology  in  led  lighting  are:  with  the  help  of  advanced  iot  technology  in  led,  providing  better  lighting  at  various  locations  becomes  manageable.  the  flexible
__label__environmentmonitoring installations  help  in  comfortable  working  that  requires  minimal  training.  with  the  cloud  access  and  plug  and  play  module,  control  over  lighting  becomes  simple.  iot  enables  enterprises  to  check  the  operational  status  of  the  lights  and  helps  them  in  eradicating  problems.  with  the  help  of  various  software,  asset  management  has  become  more  comfortable.  it  requires  no  extra  effort  in  checking  every  flaw  that  disrupts  the  working  of  lights.  it  also  helps  in  predicting  power  outages  and  any  replacement  required  improving  the  field  efficiency.  leds  have  become  an  obvious  choice  for  many  industries  due  to  its  energy  efficiency,  reliability  and  high  performance.
__label__environmentmonitoring control  and  flexibility  make  led  an  ideal  choice  for  meeting  the  requirements  of  cctv  installations.  once  these  leds  get  connected  to  the  iot,  monitoring  their  working  and  status  from  anyplace  at  any  time  becomes  easy.  easy  monitoring  of  usage  and  operations  of  led  lighting  can  be  done  through  iot  technology.  according  to  census,  streetlights  account  for  40  of  energy  consumption  of  the  entire  citys  energy  use.  with  the  developed  iot  ,  uneven  distribution  of  lighting  can  be  kept  in  check.  passive  infrared  sensors  can  detect  presence  and  absence  which  can  help  in  reducing  energy  consumption  by  automatically  turning  off  lights
__label__environmentmonitoring that  are  not  under  use.  leds  are  smart  and  effectively  manageable  when  integrated  with  iot  technology.  with  iot,  it  is  easier  to  keep  track  of  data,  like  the  number  of  operation  lights  and  power  consumption  of  each  light  fixture.  a  facility  manager  can  also  operate  luminaires  and  control  an  entire  power  grid  remotely.  thus,  with  the  help  of  iot  technology,  the  face  of  led  lighting  is  being  revolutionalized.  tagged  with  :  about  kristijan  has  a  bachelor  of  science  degree  in  engineering  in  it  technologies  from  the  university  of  zagreb.  he  is  an  seo  expert  and  web  developer  who  loves  all
__label__environmentmonitoring the  perfect  workplace  is  comfortable,  the  temperature  is  regular,  lighting  is  good,  noise  is  low.  icomfort  allows  companies  to  measure  parameters  to  enable  a  better  workplace.  icomfort  is  a  complete  iot  platform  and  dashboard  that  allows  companies  to  enable  smarter  and  better  workplaces  by  measuring  key  parameters  for  well  being  in  real  time.  a  smarter  office  icomfort  allows  to  monitor  how,  when,  and  where  your  employees  use  office  spaces.  icomfort  goes  beyond  simple  beacon  solutions  and  offers  a  complete  suite  of  sensors  and  software  to  allow  easy  implementation  of  smart  working  policies.  a  better  environment  icomfort  monitors  every  key  parameters
__label__environmentmonitoring in  a  workplace  life,  including  the  presence  of  rare  gases  and  the  level  authorized  by  law.  with  icomfort  it  is  possible  to  integrate  exisiting  monitoring  devices  or  add  icomfort  boxes  with  modular  sensors  covering  hundreds  of  monitoring  needs.  regulations  under  control  monitor  every  parameter  and  make  sure  your  company  is  meeting  regulations  for  temperature,  lighting,  noise,  and  many  other  key  parameters  the  very  same  infrastructure  used  for  smart  office  can  be  extended  to  analyze  office  comfort:  humidity,  temperature,  lighting,  noise  can  be  monitored  in  each  working  environement.  by  ensuring  your  workers  have  the  best  environment  to  work  in,  you  are
__label__environmentmonitoring guaranteeing  a  better  productivity.  icomfort  sensors  allow  to  monitor  key  office  parameters  for  well  being,  such  as  temperature,  lighting,  noise.  the  icomfort  infrastructure  is  completely  modular.  each  icomfort  box  does  not  require  an  it  infrastructure,  it  is  all  plugandplay  and  managed  from  an  online  dashboard.  icomfort  allows  desk  occupancy  monitoring  easily.  the  icomfort  suite  is  made  of  sensors  that  do  not  require  any  particular  setup  or  installation,  they  are  placed  under  each  desk  and  are  ready  to  use.  facility  managers  can  then  monitor  and  obtain  detailed  statistics  on  desk  and  room  utilization  right  from  the  icomfort  dashboard.  desk  occupancy:  icomfort
__label__environmentmonitoring sensors  are  placed  under  desks  and  monitor  real  time  desk  occupancy  by  detecting  when  the  person  is  at  the  desk  and  when  the  desk  is  empty  room  utilization:  rooms  can  be  monitored  for  occupancy  as  well  as  any  other  working  space.  people  movement  can  also  be  tracked  to  identify  most  crowded  places.  queue  analysis:  icomfort  measures  presence  in  common  office  places  such  as  canteen,  cafeteria,  reception,  etc.  by  displaying  how  many  people  are  present  and  historical  data.  parking  usage:  icomfort  can  be  connected  to  parking  sensors  to  determine  and  display  on  a  map  free  parking  spots  and  collect  data  on
__label__environmentmonitoring parking  usage  day  by  day.  icomfort  allow  for  easy  application  of  smart  working  policies  by  monitoring  desks  and  meeting  room  occupation,  number  of  people  in  each  room  or  working  space  eg.  canteen,  cafeteria  in  real  time.  a  dashboard  allows  to  keep  track  and  analyze  occupancy  directly  from  a  web  interface.  icomfort  allows  for  real  time  monitoring  of  comfort  parameters  such  as  temperature,  humidity,  co2,  light,  noise  and  many  more.  key  living  factors  under  control  mean  a  better  and  more  comfortable  workplace.  know  whether  you  need  to  increase  lighting,  reduce  noise,  improve  parkings  and  spaces.  icomfort  interfaces  with  a  wide  array
__label__environmentmonitoring of  sensors  to  create  a  complete  monitoring  suite  for  every  environment  need.  the  icomfort  dashboard  is  the  unique  control  point  where  every  data  is  collected  and  analyzed  through  smart  graphs  and  practical  data  visualizations  that  help  keep  every  parameter  under  control.  icomfort  is  already  suited  to  monitor  compliancy  and  regulatory  parameters  in  many  different  fields,  including  those  that  require  instant,  real  time  monitoring  of  key  indicators  such  as  pollution  determinants  co2,  radon,  carbon  dioxide,  and  air  pressure,  temperature,  air  quality,  ozone  and  volatile  compounds.  internet  of  things  and  retail  the  internet  of  things,  or  internet  of  things,  is  a  network
__label__environmentmonitoring that  connects  physical  objects  to  each  other  via  embedded  ...  the  icomfort  interface  allows  you  to  have  a  picture,  always  updated  and  in  real  time,  of  the  use  of  your  companys  spaces,  of  compliance  with  ...  how  can  the  video  surveillance  infrastructure  become  an  important  asset  to  increase  the  turnover  of  a  store  or  in  the  gdo?  thanks  to  analytical  marketing  ...  hq
__label__environmentmonitoring in  our  series  on  the  evolutions  in  and  energy  efficiency  in  the  age  of  and  iot,  we  looked  at  respectively  with  iotfor  small  and  medium  enterprises,  in  buildings  with  very  specific  energy  demands  hospitals,  airports  etc.  ,  and  the  role  of  across  all  these  ecosystems.  the  ecoxpert  of  schneider  electric  and  the  expertise  of  its  various  badge  owners  were  the  common  thread.  a  last  but  certainly  not  least  area  upon  which  we  touch  in  this  interview  is  lighting  and  room  control.  our  guide  is  who  is  responsible  for  the  light  and  room  control  training  and  certification  badge  within  the  ecoxpert
__label__environmentmonitoring program  the  light  and  room  control  certification  covers  areas  such  as  advanced  home  automation,  lighting  control  and  small  building  management  systems  .  as  you  will  discover,  light  and  room  control  is  special  in  many  regards,  among  others  because  it  is  ubiquitous  in  all  sorts  of  buildings  and  in  full  flux  amid  the  accelerating  impact  of  the  internet  of  things  or  iot.  jean,  who  is  almost  30  years  at  schneider  electric,  has  experienced  the  whole  building  management  journey  and  the  evolutions  in  building  management  systems  and  explains  the  evolutions  and  the  future  of  lrc  in  these  times  where  iot  becomes  ever
__label__environmentmonitoring more  prominent.  jean,  the  official  description  of  in  the  light  room  control  space  in  ecoxpert  is  proven  expertise  in  deploying  advanced  home  automation,  lighting  control  and  small  building  management  systems,  to  improve  comfort,  increase  energy  savings  and  optimize  efficiency  through  advanced  user  interfaces  that  offer  simple  control.  can  you  elaborate?  it  also  has  several  touchpoints  with  the  other  certification  programs.  if  you  look  at  our  offering  you  see  three  major  domains:  building  management,  and  home  automation.  ,  whose  main  focuses  are  lighting  and  temperature  control,  and  integration  with  all  possible  monitoring  control  devices  and  systems  such  as:  audio/video,  security,  or
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  management.  the  core  of  the  light  room  control  offering,  consists  of  knx  and  cbus  systems.  if  we  look  back  at  all  the  interviews,  could  we  then  say  that  lrc  goes  together  with  building  management  systems,  just  as  connected  power  goes  hand  in  hand  with  critical  power?  despite  the  fact  that  with  lrc  we  are  mainly  in  the  small  and  medium  enterprise  and  residential  market,  the  systems  can  be  replicated  for  usage  in  larger  buildings  and  are  designed  for  integration  with  more  complex  systems,  namely  building  management  systems.  so,  that  is  a  second  connection  between  two  badges  in  our  certification
__label__environmentmonitoring program.  for  bms  system  integrators  this  can  be  a  problem  when  they  want  to  reach  high  ratings  in  green  building  certification  programs  such  as  leed  leadership  in  energy  and  environmental  design  or  breeam.  these  certification  programs  demand  the  knx  or  cbus  advanced  lighting  control  levels  as  you  go  up  in  their  rating  for  gold  or  .  in  this  case  a  bms  ecoxpert  will  team  up  with  a  specialist  lrc  ecoxpert.  so,  in  paving  the  way  for  the  above  described  integration  trend,  bms  ecoxperts  quite  frequently  decide  to  go  for  lrc  certification  to  master  the  full  integrated  solution.  at  the  same
__label__environmentmonitoring time,  the  connection  between  lrc  and  connected  power  is  horizontal  in  nature  because  both  share  the  same  target  markets  in  the  small  and  medium  business  space  keeping  in  mind  that  lrc  is  residential  too  .  you  can  imagine  that  a  connected  power  ecoxpert  who  is  strong  in  electrical  switchboards,  power  metering  and  to  deliver  smart  panels,  sees  the  market  opportunity  of  his  customers  increasingly  demanding  allinone  smart  systems.  what  could  be  more  normal  than  to  decide  to  go  beyond  the  monitoring  of  electrical  distribution  and  provide  additional  energy  saving  possibilities,  with,  on  top,  comfort  by  ,  the  essence  of  light
__label__environmentmonitoring and  room  control.  in  the  scope  of  the  green  building  certifications  you  mentioned  room  control.  light  and  room  control  is  one  certification  but  consists  of  lighting  control  and  room  control.  can  you  elaborate?  moreover,  the  notion  of  room  control  is  important  in  the  sense  that  it  isnt  necessarily  about  the  types  of  rooms  that  immediately  come  to  mind  such  as  a  meeting  room  in  an  office  or  the  rooms  in  home  automation.  room  control  is  suited  for  a  limited  part  of  a  building,  regardless  of  the  size  of  the  building  itself.  think  about  the  lobby  of  a  hotel,  for  example,
__label__environmentmonitoring or  an  open  space  in  an  office  building.  typical  room  controls  include  functions  such  as  lighting  control,  emergency  lighting  which  is  required  by  regulation  ,  occupancy  detection,  constant  light  and  day  light  control,  ac  unit  controls  ,  solar  shading  controls  and  blinds  control.  you  can  categorize  all  these  controls  in  clusters.  temperature  control  for  instance  includes  blind  control  and  the  hvac  control.  or  an  air  conditioning  unit  control  can  be  part  of  energy  control.  on  top  of  these  logically  combined  clusters  there  are  specialist  monitoring  and  control  areas  such  as  air  quality,  energy  metering  or  audio  and  video.  for  each
__label__environmentmonitoring of  these  controls  and  situations  the  ecoxpert  needs  to  have  the  necessary  skills  and  be  able  to  ask  questions  such  as  the  technologies  that  are  in  place  and  thus  the  structuring  of  the  specific  solution  for  a  customer.  the  scenario  defines  the  required  skillsets  and  the  solution  in  what  in  the  end  is  indeed  a  vast  range  of  controls  that  can  be  very  different  from  the  perspective  of  the  conditions,  goals  and  technologies.  if  you  just  look  at  the  different  technologies  to  heat  or  to  chill  such  as  ac  unit  control,  the  chill  beams,  the  radiators,  the  fan  coils  and
__label__environmentmonitoring so  on,  you  see  a  mix  of  very  different  technologies  whereby  some  are  easy  to  manage  and  others  require  more  specialization  in  hvac.  that  is  clear.  despite  the  many  technologies  and  elements  in  lrc,  you  said  that  and  operational  efficiency  are  two  important  parts  of  an  lrc  value  proposition.  if  we  look  at  the  most  used  iot  use  cases  in  operations,  asset  management  sticks  out.  is  that  also  the  case  in  light  and  room  control?  with  the  rise  of  ,  the  internet  of  things  and  other  more  recent  technologies,  is  becoming  a  third  pillar.  it  enables  the  improvement  of  the
__label__environmentmonitoring lifetime  of  key  equipment,  makes  sure  that  it  operates  in  the  best  possible  way  and  results  in  an  optimal  return  on  investment.  in  the  ecoxpert  world  assets  can  include  chillers,  boilers  or  heat  pumps,  as  well  as  the  entire  power  distribution  installation,  from  the  medium  voltage  down  to  the  low  voltage,  or  lighting  installation.  in  the  example  of  power  distribution  infrastructure,  switch  gear  embedded  metering  will  enable  to  monitor  for  example  their  wear,  and  accurately  plan  replacement  budgets.  thanks  to  the  dali  specialist  lighting  communication  network,  each  luminaire  is  individually  monitored,  enabling  to  plan  not  only  relamping  campaigns,  but  also
__label__environmentmonitoring orienting  lighting  technology  orientations,  given  revolutionary  sea  changes  in  this  industry.  we  focus  both  on  reactive  and  on  predictive  maintenance  whereby  everything  depends  on  the  requirements  of  the  customer,  the  value  of  the  assets  and  of  course  the  budget  choices  which  can  vary  over  time.  what  types  of  companies  are  typically  involved  in  the  lr  ecoxpert  badge?  .  in  southern  europe  this  is  not  the  case  and  here  we  see  electrical  contractors  going  for  specialization  to  rise  above  their  commoditized  market.  others,  again  depending  on  country,  seek  more  expertise  and  differentiation  in  home  automation  or  even  industrial  automation.  electrical  contractors
__label__environmentmonitoring typically  prefer  simpler  solutions  with  open  technologies  as  we  offer  them.  they  sometimes  work  directly  with  end  customers  or  provide  their  integration  and  commissioning  expertise  to  electrical  contractors.  while  they  typically  offer  high  degrees  of  customization  and  tailormade  solutions  they  are  extremely  challenged  on  implementation  time  so  they  need  in  same  time  efficiency  of  preconfigured  systems  and  customization  resources.  the  main  end  customer  segments  are  the  highend  residential  home  market,  small  and  midsize  commercial  buildings  and  when  integrated  in  bms,  as  i  explained  previously,  large  commercial  buildings.  here  as  well  we  see  regional  differences  in  the  end  customers  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring types  of  partners  serving  them.  a  final  question:  your  lrc  solutions  support  bus  technologies  such  as  knx,  cbus,  dali  and  ip.  how  would  you  position  them  and  what  is  the  role  of  iot  in  it  all  and  in  the  future  of  the  ecoxpert  program?  cbus  is  a  lighting  control  specialist  system,  mainly  used  in  the  asia  pacific  region,  but  also  in  middle  east,  and  uk  /  south  africa  as  everything  is  now  ip,  it  is  clear  that  we  and  our  ecoxpert  partners  support  that  too.  as  far  as  concerns  the  internet  of  things,  the  lrc  partner  acts  as  an  integrator
__label__environmentmonitoring of  everything  at  the  iot  level.  a  first  of  such  applications  is  in  security  and  audio  video  systems  but  also  take  into  account  energy  monitoring,  watering,  swimming  pools,  wine  cellars,  fridges  and  even  aquariums.  the  list  is  really  endless  and  it  will  grow  exponentially  over  time  with  individual  connected  devices,  validated  multifunctional  systems,  which  are  preengineered  bundles  of  repetitive  applications.  the  impact  on  the  ecoxpert  program  is  clear:  iot  leads  to  various  streams  of  multibadging  with  a  full  complementarity  between  lrc  and  connected  power  in  the  midmarket  and  lrc  going  with  bms  in  large  buildings.  thanks  jean  for  your  time
__label__environmentmonitoring join  our  mailing  list  to  get  the  latest  energy  management  news  and  updates  from  our  team  small  box  energys  chameleon  cloudbased  internet  of  things  iot  operational  efficiency  solution  is  powered  by  intel  technology  and  specifically  designed  for  restaurants  and  convenience  stores.  it  is  the  only  integrated  food  safety,  energy  management  and  data  intelligence  solution  actively  controlling  critical  equipment,  monitoring  operations  and  recording  key  data  points  to  improve  efficiency  and  reduce  energy,  maintenance  and  equipment  costs  from  a  single  solution.  small  box  energy  uses  wireless  programmable  thermostats  with  standard  indoor  and  outdoor  air  sensors  to  control  and  monitor  the  hvac  system.
__label__environmentmonitoring using  chameleoncloud.com,  users  are  able  to  define  room  temperatures  through  a  scheduling  module  and  compare  target  temperatures  with  compressor  runtimes  while  viewing  fan,  compressor  and  stage  runtimes.  users  are  now  able  to  balance  comfort  with  energy  savings.  small  box  energy  installs  a  separate  lighting  control  panel  used  to  control  and  monitor  up  to  12  zones  and  96  circuits  of  standard  lighting.  the  indoor  lighting  schedule  is  configured  based  on  operating  hours  and  employee  work  schedules.  occupancy  sensors  and  optional  override  capabilities  allow  the  schedules  to  be  manually  overridden.  exterior  lighting  uses  an  astronomical  clock  following  a  dusk/dawn  schedule.  receive  notifications
__label__environmentmonitoring via  text,  email  or  on  your  smart  phone  or  tablet  when  an  alarm  or  alert  is  populated.  all  alarms  will  be  shown  when  you  login  to  either  the  app  or  chameleoncloud.com.  urgent  alarms  are  sent  for  refrigeration  equipment  which  is  above  the  defined  temperature  for  60  minutes,  minimizing  food  loss  and  warning  of  a  potential  equipment  failure.  warning  alarms  are  displayed  for  hvac  or  refrigeration  equipment  not  functioning  properly,  which  is  an  early  indication  of  maintenance  needs.  small  box  energy  provides  an  adaptable  refrigeration  controller  for  walkins  and  freezers  and  wireless  sensors  for  reachin  units  which  enable  us  to  provide
__label__environmentmonitoring a  complete  temperature  monitoring  and  alarming  solution  for  all  your  refrigeration  equipment.  alarms  are  sent  when  the  coolers  maintain  a  temperature  above  the  defined  target  for  more  than  60  minutes.  additionally,  warning  signals  are  shown  on  the  dashboard  when  defrost  cycles  are  not  normal.  together,  these  products  reduce  icing  and  energy  consumption  while  maintaining  a  steady  temperature  to  ensure  food  quality.  small  box  energy  enables  remote  visibility  and  historical  data  for  hvac  and  refrigeration  equipment.  this  allows  users  to  see  and  compare  data  across  their  portfolio  for  runtimes,  energy  consumption  and  temperature  variation  which  provides  the  necessary  diagnostics  for  preventative
__label__environmentmonitoring maintenance.  users  are  able  to  make  better  strategic  decisions  for  logistics,  repairs  and  replacement  using  this  data.  complete  access  to  your  entire  portfolio  is  at  your  fingertips.  monitor,  control  and  change  schedules  using  the  mobile  app  or  by  logging  into  the  dashboard  using  a  standard  internet  browser.  instantly  view  equipment  data  when  you  receive  an  alarm  without  needing  to  physically  see  the  unit.  you  will  experience  true  visibility,  and  control,  of  your  entire  portfolio  without  ever  leaving  your  desk.  2019  small  box  energy.
__label__environmentmonitoring below  is  my  contribution  to  the  october  2018  issue  of  ,  published  by  the  national  association  of  electrical  distributors.  reprinted  with  permission.  the  internet  is  an  interconnected  global  system  of  more  than  10  billion  devices  enabling  information  sharing,  services,  and  commerce.  the  internet  of  things  iot  takes  this  concept  to  buildings  and  enterprises  to  create  entirely  new  value  from  building  technology.  more  specifically,  the  iot  represents  any  network  of  physical  devices,  such  as  sensors  and  intelligent  controllers,  along  with  software.  these  networks  may  collect  data  from  sensors  while  integrating  and  automating  building  systems  to  a  level  where  they  are  highly
__label__environmentmonitoring responsive  to  users.  a  strong  building  block  includes  a  networked  lighting  control  system,  which  already  offers  complete  functionality  as  an  internet  of  lights.  in  fact,  there  is  a  strong  potential  for  the  lighting  system  to  serve  as  an  iot  platform.  this  potential  coincides  with  stronger  product  development  and  demand  for  connected  lighting  due  to  complex  energy  codes  and  growing  utility  rebates.  in  this  scenario,  the  connected  lighting  provides  a  sensor  platform  installed  almost  everywhere  in  the  built  environment,  and  may  offer  wireless  communication,  bandwidth,  intelligence  microprocessing,  and  software.  data  collected  by  occupancy  and  light  sensors  could  be  shared  with  other
__label__environmentmonitoring building  systems  such  as  hvac  and  security.  additionally,  from  this  starting  point,  other  sensors  would  be  added  to  measure  almost  anything  the  owner  wants.  examples  include  occupancy  patterns,  temperature,  air  pressure,  vibration,  fluid  levels,  air  emissions,  traffic,  gunshot  detection,  and  more.  this  data  could  be  fed  to  thirtyparty  software  for  analytics  or  other  building  systems  for  automatic  response.  while  centralized,  integrated  control  can  be  a  key  benefit  of  the  iot,  the  biggest  value  potential  is  in  this  data  and  analytics,  which  could  be  used  to  optimize  building  operation  and  user  comfort,  improve  business  processes,  and  create  new  services.  generally,  but
__label__environmentmonitoring especially  for  industrial  locations,  lighting  is  the  ideal  entry  point  for  iot  data,  said  jamie  britnell,  director  of  product  marketing  lighting,  synapse  wireless  .  because  all  these  facilities  incorporate  lighting,  an  iot  communication  network  grid  is  essentially  installed  as  part  of  an  led  retrofit  or  in  new  construction.  with  this  network  in  place,  compatible  sensors  can  be  distributed  through  the  facility  to  monitor  various  equipment  and  processes.  as  a  result,  manufacturers  may  market  their  connected  lighting  products  as  iotenabled,  which  means  it  features  connectivity,  intelligence,  sensors,  and  bilevel  data  communication.  this  enabling  has  led  to  claims  that  installing  a  connected
__label__environmentmonitoring lighting  system  proofs  a  facility  for  future  iot  enactment,  which  is  true  in  theory  but  requires  diligence  in  specification,  addressing  issues  such  as  interoperability,  scalability,  security,  and  more.  anyone  who  is  buying  a  light  has  the  potential  to  be  an  early  adopter  of  iot,  said  gary  trott,  vp  of  intelligent  lighting  and  iot  platform,  cree  .  from  a  distributors  perspective,  an  iotenabled  solution  can  be  the  same  price  as  a  traditional  control  system.  with  proper  research,  savvy  distributors  can  offer  iotenabled  solutions  without  a  cost  penalty.  customers  can  install  the  luminaires  today  and  upgrade  to  a  full  iot  solution  in
__label__environmentmonitoring the  future.  given  this,  you  have  to  wonder  why  someone  wouldnt  exclusively  buy  iotenabled  fixtures  as  anything  else  is  obsolete  the  moment  you  pull  it  out  of  the  box.  if  installing  an  led  retrofit  today,  incorporating  intelligent  networked  control  can  be  economical  as  opposed  to  making  it  a  standalone  upgrade  tomorrow.  the  infrastructure  theoretically  provides  either  a  platform  or  building  block  for  iot  implementation.  however,  the  iot  is  not  fully  developed  nor  understood  at  this  time,  introducing  risk.  futureproofing  around  iot  is  not  a  onetime  occurrence,  said  chuck  piccirillo,  head  of  product  lighting  networks  services,  osram  sylvania  digital  systems  .
__label__environmentmonitoring it  is  also  not  about  avoiding  future  changes,  but  managing  the  inevitable  changes  when  they  come.  selecting  the  right  lighting  system  should  involve  making  some  choices  and  managing  the  risk  of  the  choice.  he  said  when  selecting  an  iot  platform,  facility  managers  should  ask:  does  the  lighting  and  control  system  have  the  flexibility  to  connect  to  various  technologies?  is  it  inherently  scalable?  does  its  architecture  allow  connecting  to  both  wired  and  wireless  devices?  is  it  nonproprietary  allowing  open  sourcing  of  devices?  iot  is  still  very  new,  britnell  said.  developments,  standards,  availability,  and  adoption  are  largely  in  their  infancy.  its  still
__label__environmentmonitoring the  wild  west  out  there  with  plenty  of  both  opportunity  and  uncertainty.  there  are  two  main  factors  that  are  slowing  adoption,  said  piccirillo.  lack  of  understanding  of  iot  and  how  to  implement  it,  and  concerns  surrounding  security  issues.  how  networked  lighting  control  builds  up  to  an  iot  solution.  image  courtesy  of  cree.  the  main  limitation  to  iot  is  delivering  a  compelling  value  proposition  through  the  channel  to  the  enduser  and  solving  their  realworld  problems,  britnell  said.  manufacturers  and  distributors  need  to  understand  the  problem  of  their  customers  and  find  solutions  that  can  be  solved  through  iot  applications.  to  convince  the
__label__environmentmonitoring owner,  the  iot  solution  must  address  some  pain  point  he  or  she  is  experiencing.  trott  said  distributors  are  accustomed  to  selling  lighting  products  based  on  energy  and  maintenance  savings.  with  iot  solutions,  however,  they  should  start  with  these  immediate  benefits  for  connected  lighting  and  build  upon  it  with  a  discussion  about  business  problems.  how  can  the  owner  make  it  easier  to  find  conference  rooms?  how  can  they  attract  and  retain  talent?  how  can  they  grow  their  team  without  adding  more  space?  how  can  they  make  their  spaces  more  engaging  and  appealing?  distributors  should  focus  on  selling  these  solutionoriented  benefits  instead
__label__environmentmonitoring of  a  oneforone  unit  sale,  trott  said.  over  the  next  few  years,  the  distributors  who  elevate  their  sales  conversations  beyond  lighting  are  likely  going  to  be  the  winners  as  the  industry  transforms.  when  selling  connected  lighting  and  iot  solutions,  the  distributor  sales  person  may  have  to  work  with  it  departments,  who  are  often  skittish  about  risks  related  to  maintaining  the  system  and  providing  security.  piccirillo  said  ideally,  should  the  customer  be  looking  to  implement  an  iot  solution,  the  it  department  should  be  onboard  with  the  vision,  have  a  basic  knowledge  of  how  the  iot  solution  works,  and  share  with  the
__label__environmentmonitoring facilities  department  any  itrelated  documentation  and  policies  associated  with  the  solution.  when  selecting  a  networked  solution,  it  departments  should  choose  a  system  that  can  provide  a  parallel  network  separated  from  the  existing  it  infrastructure,  and  with  its  own  firewall,  piccirillo  added.  backed  by  growing  understanding,  education,  and  interoperability,  and  partially  enabled  by  networked  lighting  control  becoming  increasingly  attractive,  the  iot  is  slowly  gaining  traction.  this  emerging  category  allows  a  customer  dialogue  that  goes  far  beyond  illumination  and  energy  savings  into  the  realm  of  solving  business  problems  with  the  power  of  information.  it  is  expected  to  accelerate  demand  for  connected  lighting,
__label__environmentmonitoring which  can  be  installed  now  with  an  eye  to  build  upon  it  in  the  future  for  iot  strategies.  do  your  homework  and  become  a  student  of  iot,  trott  said.  dont  just  read  a  few  articles,  experiment.  buy  a  connected  home  device  such  as  a  light  bulb  or  thermostat.  that  is  the  best  way  to  grow  your  understanding  of  iot,  connectivity,  and  what  is  possible  for  your  customers.  the  more  you  know  and  the  more  comfortable  you  are  with  it,  the  more  valuable  you  are  going  to  be  as  this  industry  transforms.  related  is  there  a  nato  of  the  lighting  industry
__label__environmentmonitoring working  to  resolve  the  following:  does  the  lighting  and  control  system  have  the  flexibility  to  connect  to  various  technologies?  is  it  inherently  scalable?  does  its  architecture  allow  connecting  to  both  wired  and  wireless  devices?  is  it  nonproprietary  allowing  open  sourcing  of  devices?  check  out  to  read  about  the  total  solution  to  the  questions  and  architectural  issues  raised  hereand  if  you  are  in  the  lighting  or  iot  industry  please  get  on  board  the  train.  openais  is  open,  interoperable  different  manufacturers  and  wired  and  wireless  in  simultaneous  ,  synchronised  controls,  and  completely  scalable  and  open  to  anyoneto  innovate  upon.  openais  was  a
__label__environmentmonitoring consortium  innovation  project  part  funded  by  the  european  commission  h2020  fund  that  culminated  in  a  live  pilot  of  400  lights  mixing  mains  and  pe  and  wired  and  wireless  and  different  makers  of  luminaires,  drivers  and  access  points.  type  on  the  field  below  and  hit  enter/return  to  search
__label__environmentmonitoring whether  you  manage  a  factory,  warehouse,  office  or  some  other  kind  of  facility,  lighting  is  critical  to  productivity,  efficiency,  and  safety.  it  can  be  challenging  ...  through  data  insights,  power  metering  and  monitoring  provide  greater  visibility  into  how  and  where  energy  is  used  throughout  any  facility.  with  a  clearer  ...  a  facility  and  process  monitoring  software  application  that  works  in  tandem  with  smart  sensors  and  iiotcompatible  devices  to  uncover  operational  insights,  manage  risks,  and  create  ...  facility  managers  have  to  balance  many  areas  of  responsibility  to  run  efficient,  productive  and,  safe  operations.  intelligent  led  fixtures  working  in  tandem  with  advanced
__label__environmentmonitoring ...  facility  managers  have  to  balance  many  areas  of  responsibility  to  run  efficient,  productive  and,  safe  operations.  industrial  internet  of  things  iiot  solutions  automate  manual  ...  for  food  and  beverage  processing  facilities,  quality  control  processes  and  regulatory  compliance  are  top  priorities.  any  interference  with  these  priorities  can  result  in  product  ...  learn  how  siteworx  tune,  a  smart  lighting  application  driven  by  iot  sensors  enables  your  facility  management  to  reduce  energy  costs,  improve  employee  safety,  andtrack  and  ...  discover  how  siteworx  combines  connected  lighting,  iot  sensors,  and  software  to  control  and  optimize  energy  usage,  monitor  and  maintain  peak  environmental  conditions,  or
__label__environmentmonitoring track  and  ...  with  nextgeneration  analytics  and  operational  insight,  lightrules  software  from  digital  lumens  improves  productivity,  safety,  and  energy  costs  for  industrial  and  commercial  businesses  around  the  world.  ...  progressive  dimming  is  a  lighting  strategyleveraging  the  powerful  controls  found  in  lightrules,  the  lighting  and  energy  management  software  from  digital  lumens.  in  this  video,  dan  ...  cocacola  entreprise  of  france  deploys  the  digital  lumens  intelligent  led  lighting  system  to  meet  corporate  sustainability  goals.  introducing  the  cle  fixture  from  digital  lumens,  the  most  efficient  intelligent  high  bay  led  on  the  market.  with  an  industryleading  efficacy  of  145  lm/w,  the  ...
__label__environmentmonitoring simplysnap  is  designed  to  enable  you  to  take  advantage  of  the  benefits  of  iot  technology  without  having  to  replace  capital  equipment  or  disrupt  operations.  simplysnap  applications  lighting,  power,  air,  hvac,  and  sense  can  be  combined  to  provide  .  these  applications  improve  major  initiatives  in  industrial  settings  such  as  energy  management,  environmental  health  and  safety  standards,  process  optimization,  predictive  maintenance,  and  material  flow  management.  gain  insight  into  the  energy  consumption  of  your  facility  to  make  informed  decisions  increase  the  safety  of  your  facility  and  employees  gain  better  understanding  of  operations  to  improve  efficiency  track  the  flow  of  material  through  your  facility
__label__environmentmonitoring lighting  controls  enhance  productivity  and  safety  by  increasing  visibility.  implement  multiple  energysavings  strategies  task  tuning  balances  the  energy  savings  with  productivity  improvements  aids  maintenance  to  know  machinery  is  operating  within  parameters  reduces  the  cost  of  nonproduction  time  idling  cost  gain  a  better  understanding  of  energy  consumption  per  department  and  entire  facility  find  air  leaks,  potentially  stuck  valves,  or  inefficient  processes  identify  2030  in  energy  savings  gain  a  better  understanding  of  air  consumption  per  department  and  entire  facility  hvac  units  and  makeup  air  handlers  represent  a  large  segment  of  a  facilitys  energy  use  and  are  often  left  to  run  24/7.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring simplysnap  hvac  app  gathers  environmental  data  from  a  variety  of  sensors  and  provides  a  configurable  algorithm  that  lets  you  tune  the  optimization  for  comfort,  pressure  balance,  energy  savings,  etc.  it  also  enables  you  to  easily  schedule  hvac  and  mua  downtime  in  order  to  save  power  when  the  facility  is  unoccupied.  enables  efficient  and  even  heating  and  cooling  reduce  cost  by  shutting  down  systems  during  nonproduction  hours  optimize  hvac  use  via  smart  algorithms  and  schedules  simplysnap  sense  collects  data  from  any  420  ma  sensorwith  our  wireless,  batterypowered  device.  you  can  retrofit  existing  equipmentwithout  disrupting  operations.  with  simplysnap  sense,  view,  access,  and
__label__environmentmonitoring understand  facility  operations  through  one  user  interface  and  eliminate  data  silos.  synapse  mcwane  social  media  this  website  uses  cookies  to  improve  your  experience  while  you  navigate  through  the  website.  out  of  these  cookies,  the  cookies  that  are  categorized  as  necessary  are  stored  on  your  browser  as  they  are  essential  for  the  working  of  basic  functionalities  of  the  website.  we  also  use  thirdparty  cookies  that  help  us  analyze  and  understand  how  you  use  this  website.  these  cookies  will  be  stored  in  your  browser  only  with  your  consent.  you  also  have  the  option  to  optout  of  these  cookies.  but  opting  out  of
__label__environmentmonitoring the  idea  that  ,  or  iot,  heralds  a  new  era  for  people  and  technology  is  far  beyond  theory.  the  transformations  are  already  emerging  all  around  us,  but  those  who  look  only  to  the  corporate  world  may  miss  some  of  the  most  inspiring  examples.  smart  cities  hold  some  of  the  planets  most  aweworthy  demonstrations  of  the  iots  potential.  what  should  wouldbe  insiders  stay  focused  on?  fear  not  of  missing  out,  because  davra  has  with  the  most  impact.  as  far  as  worldshaking  innovations  are  concerned,  modern  urban  spaces  are  hotbeds  of  new  ideas.  the  same  holds  true  in  connected  tech,  yet  a
__label__environmentmonitoring handful  of  applications  stand  out  as  continual  trendsetters.  keeping  the  streets  bright  is  more  than  just  a  good  means  of  attracting  wellheeled  professionals  and  taxpaying  small  businesses  to  a  growing  city.  smart  lighting  contributes  to  improved  quality  of  life  in  ways  that  are  easy  to  see  and  appreciate.  daylight  harvesting  connected  lighting  helps  daylightharvesting  systems  do  better  at  their  job  of  reducing  the  need  for  electrical  power.  by  automating  processes  like  setting  brightness  levels  and  tracking  daily  use,  these  implementations  improve  a  cities  ability  to  stay  green  economically.  load  management  although  lighting  is  an  inevitable  municipal  outlay,  its  not  the
__label__environmentmonitoring constant  fact  of  life  that  many  outside  observers  picture.  even  when  they  appear  to  shine  consistently,  street  lights  present  power  grid  operators  with  dynamic,  evolving  requirements.  are  ideal  for  managing  these  complex,  demanding  loads.  just  as  smart  buildings  measure  occupancy  to  decide  when  to  turn  on  room  lights,  facilities  like  municipal  vehicle  lots  can  count  cars  to  understand  their  peak  hours  and  make  the  best  use  of  site  power  during  outages.  ambiance  and  utility  improvements  smart  lighting  is  redefining  peoples  relationships  with  the  cities  they  inhabit.  municipalities  that  want  to  differentiate  themselves  from  their  neighbors  use  intelligent  lighting  to  provide
__label__environmentmonitoring situationally  appropriate  streetlevel  illumination.  this  is  a  great  way  to  cultivate  a  far  more  welcoming  appearance  while  simultaneously  minimizing  waste.  with  the  aid  of  uniform,  centralized  control  dashboards,  urban  managers  can  automatically  accomplish  tasks  once  regarded  impractical  at  best.  for  instance,  programmable  lights  might  help  guide  latenight  foot  traffic  after  a  big  concert  or  maintain  improved  visibility  around  trendy  bars  following  spikes  in  street  crime.  places  like  atlanta  have  experimented  with  using  led  lights  to  .  the  modular  nature  of  iotlinked  hardware  enables  new,  exciting  control  schemes  with  the  potential  to  help  urban  living  feel  safer  and  ultimately  more  appealing
__label__environmentmonitoring in  a  smart  city.  some  aspects  of  urban  management  arent  quite  as  glamorous  as  others,  but  the  internet  of  things  devices  make  these  tough  jobs  less  timeconsuming  and  errorprone.  ,  for  instance,  leaders  linked  data  from  sensorequipped  dumpsters  to  predictive  analytics  tools.  by  learning  to  anticipate  when  trash  receptacles  will  overflow  and  applying  the  knowledge  to  rethink  its  pest  control  tactics,  the  city  has  become  20  percent  more  effective  at  managing  rat  populations.  other  monitor  individual  events,  such  as  when  a  garbage  truck  lifts  a  rubbish  bin  or  visits  a  new  neighborhood.  smart  city  iot  platforms  use  such  data  to
__label__environmentmonitoring refine  collection  practices,  cut  back  on  vehicle  emissions  and  improve  service  quality.  as  a  fleetdriven  industry,  waste  management  exemplifies  how  even  minor  tech  changes  can  revolutionize  a  given  field  when  applied  at  scale.  for  example,  picture  a  small  town  administrator  whose  office  routinely  finds  itself  swamped  with  complaints  from  residents  and  business  owners  whose  bins  are  overflowing.  upgrading  to  receptacles  that  use  weight  sensors  to  signal  when  they  need  emptying  could  be  a  costconscious  way  to  appease  the  locals.  getting  around  in  the  big  city  can  be  quite  the  ordeal.  does  the  internet  of  things  hold  the  promise  of  change
__label__environmentmonitoring for  roadweary  commuters?  accident  awareness  and  safety  transit  benefits  immensely  when  those  at  the  helm  stay  informed  throughout  the  journey.  sadly,  traditional  disconnects  and  transportation  frameworks  havent  always  made  it  easy.  in  smart  cities,  however,  cars  that  get  into  wrecks  can  share  their  statuses  and  locations  with  authorities  instantly  via  public  networks.  in  addition  to  keeping  officials  in  the  know,  these  notifications  might  inform  other  smart  vehicles  that  they  should  slow  down.  some  smart  transit  tech  takes  accident  prevention  even  further.  embedded  sensors  that  monitor  sitespecific  conditions,  such  as  frozen  bridge  surfaces,  are  already  being  used  to  help  reroute  traffic
__label__environmentmonitoring and  dispatch  fleets  of  plows  and  salt  trucks.  since  lives  hang  in  the  balance  when  road  maintenance  lags,  such  improvements  are  easy  to  justify  even  in  the  face  of  tight  budgets.  what  will  the  smart  parking  structure  of  the  future  look  like?  while  most  outward  changes  will  likely  escape  all  but  the  closest  scrutiny,  the  nervous  systems  of  modern  lots  and  garages  are  taking  huge  strides  upward  and  onward.  some  lots  interact  with  smart  vehicles  to  gather  data  on  how  many  open  spaces  they  have  available.  others  use  vehicle  feedback  to  tell  precisely  where  the  openings  are  and  nudge  waiting
__label__environmentmonitoring cars  towards  the  path  of  least  resistance.  street  parking  hardware  can  perform  similar  feats  by  subtly  shepherding  motorists  away  from  overcrowding  and  even  mitigating  congestion  by  favoring  certain  parking  zones  at  specific  times.  in  many  locales,  the  environment  takes  a  back  seat  to  other  concerns.  whether  theyre  plagued  by  economic  constraints  or  a  fundamental  lack  of  foresight,  towns  and  cities  often  struggle  to  deal  with  problems  whose  origins  recede  generations  into  the  past.  the  iot  helps  paint  these  urgent  issues  in  a  clearer  focus.  for  example,  airquality  monitors  not  only  alert  people  to  dangerous  conditions  but  also  promote  public  accountability
__label__environmentmonitoring by  revealing  where  the  worst  discharges  are  coming  from.  the  same  goes  for  inexpensive  water  turbidity  monitors  that  can  help  stewards  safeguard  vital  watersheds.  with  the  right  sensors  in  place,  regulators  gain  more  power  to  levy  fines  accurately  and  take  effective  cleanup  actions.  environmental  oversight  also  holds  lots  of  promise  for  indirectly  reducing  the  footprint  of  essential  municipal  activities.  cities  and  departments  can  to  heighten  traceability  and  ewaste  stream  diversion.  tracking  a  fleets  movements  to  improve  dispatching  and  fuel  consumption  can  mitigate  emissions.  in  towns  with  smaller  coffers,  sensorladen  service  vehicles  might  make  ideal  mobile  monitoring  platforms  as  we  have
__label__environmentmonitoring seen.  the  steadypaced  urban  adoption  of  connected  tech  makes  practical  sense:  densely  populated  areas  stand  to  gain  the  most  from  improving  their  surroundings,  and  many  already  come  equipped  with  the  fundamental  it  infrastructures.  according  to  gartner,  will  swell  by  more  than  30  percent  in  2019,  but  organizations  without  iot  architects  may  prove  incapable  of  harnessing  the  potential.  clearly,  the  hardware  is  ready  and  willing.  the  real  question  is  whether  the  stakeholders  can  keep  up.  having  a  proven  internet  of  things  leader  onboard  goes  a  long  way.  find  out  how  the  right  iot  platform  can  make  a  smart  city  even  smarter
__label__environmentmonitoring .  brian  mcglynn,  davra,  coo  davra  storms  19  mq  whose  iot  platform  wins?  what  underlies  the  iots  many  urban  victories?  these  use  cases  spell  it  all  out  your  company  owns  the  hardware  and  software  that  powers  its  connected  computing  projects.  naturally,  you  might  beli  seamless  iot  integrations  are  the  key  to  generating  highresolution,  accurate  data  that  faithfully  reflects  your  op  the  davra  iot  platform  does  all  the  work  underneath  the  surface  so  that  you  can  build  your  apps  easily.  sign  up  to  our  newsletter  for  news  and  updates  on  davra
__label__environmentmonitoring according  to  cisco,  the  total  number  of  connected  devices  worldwide  will  rise  from  15  billion  to  50  billion  by  2020.  the  proliferation  of  iot  attracts  me  to  explore  it  more.  in  my  previous  blogs,  i  have  shared  with  you  all  a  general  overview  ofiot,  followed  by  its  security  threats  and  some  real  time  implementation.  today,  its  time  to  list  down  the  top  100  iot  use  cases  that  may  be  implemented  on  real  time.  check  out  use  casesiot  in  retailfor  more  information  inventory  management:management  of  warehouse  and  pharmacy  inventory  through  erp  integration  if  youd  like  us  to  contact  you,  please  fill
__label__environmentmonitoring search  by  ,  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  and  pc  world.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  technology  pundits  are  often  given  to  hyperbole,  but  when  they  claim  that  the  internet  of  things  iot  is  changing  everything  ,  they  may  have  a  point.  at  least,  the  iot  is  being  used  in  just  about  everything  you  can  think  of,  from  deeply  geeky  applications  such  as  industrial  sensors  to  frivolous  gimmicks  like  wifi  enabled  toothbrushes.  dont  believe  me?  lets  take  a  look  at  some  of  the  many,  many
__label__environmentmonitoring different  iot  use  cases  that  people  are  actually  usingor  at  least  testing.  iot  is  the  key  concept  powering  wearables  from  fitness  trackers  to  smartwatches,  but  keeping  weekend  warriors  fit  is  only  the  beginning.  to  push  their  performance  parameters.  at  the  other  end  of  the  spectrum,  iot  can  .  monitoring  blood  pressure  and  heart  rate,  for  example,  and  even  automatically  alerting  emergency  personnel  when  they  detect  problematic  readingsor  to  send  help  when  an  elderly  person  has  fallen  and  cant  get  up.  down  the  road,  smart  pills  promise  to  share  diagnostic  information  from  inside  the  body.  connected  cars  are  using  iot  to
__label__environmentmonitoring connect  everything  from  engine  diagnostics  to  gps  data  and  infotainment  systems.  inexpensive,  lowpower  iot  devices  track  location  information  for  all  kinds  of  items,  in  warehouses,  shipping  depots  and  in  transit,  not  to  mention  monitoring  temperature,  vibration  and  container  openings  for  quality  control  and  insurance  purposesespecially  of  valuable  or  dangerous  items,  such  as  drugs  or  jewelry  but  not  firearms,  at  least  in  the  united  states.  the  technology  is  even  being  used  to  detect  storage  incompatibilities,  delivering  alerts  when  flammable  goods  are  stored  near  explosive  materials.  connected  devices  include  tvs,  refrigerators,  lights,  thermostats,  smoke  detectors  and  other  sensors,  security  systems  and  much
__label__environmentmonitoring more.  hotels  have  long  pioneered  using  iot  for  room  keys,  and  .  farmers  are  using  iot  to  track  equipment  location  and  performance,  and  increasingly  .  iot  sensors  are  also  determining  soil  moisture  levels  to  control  irrigation  systems  and  minimize  water  consumption.  vintners  even  use  iot  to  track  trunk  diameter  in  vineyards  to  better  understand  grapevine  health  and  sugar  levels  in  grapes.  its  even  showing  up  to  track  air  quality  and  toxic  gas  levels  in  barns  and  hen  houses  as  well  as  humidity  and  temperature  in  compost  operations  to  minimize  fungus  and  other  contaminants.  iot  is  being  used  in  golf  courses
__label__environmentmonitoring and  ball  fields  to  control  selective  irrigation.  far  beyond  home  security  cameras,  iot  is  also  detecting  activity  in  restricted  areas.  nobody  wants  a  flooded  data  center,  and  iot  is  being  used  to  check  for  liquid  detection  in  technology  facilities,  warehouses  and  other  highvalue  areas.  beyond  that,  iot  is  also  being  used  in  the  power  and  mining  industries  to  monitor  radiation  levels  and  poisonous  or  explosive  gases.  want  to  make  sure  there  are  ?  iot  is  there  to  help.  instead  of  basing  premiums  on  group  risk  factors,  such  as  age  or  driving  experience,  based  on  mileage  and  actual  driving  habits.  iot
__label__environmentmonitoring is  a  key  factor  in  smart  lighting  grids  and  more  efficient  transportation  and  parking  systems,  including  smart  traffic  lights  that  adapt  to  traffic  conditions  in  real  time.  they  can  even  be  configured  to  allow  emergency  responders  and  medical  teams  to  synchronize  with  traffic  lights  to  speed  access  to  critical  locationor  to  change  the  lights  so  cars  dont  have  to  wait  when  theres  no  other  traffic.  utility  companies,  meanwhile,  are  moving  past  smart  meters  to  leverage  iot  to  enable  ondemand  trash  pickup.  iot  is  especially  useful  for  figuring  out  when  maintenance  is  needed  for  all  kinds  of  highvalue  equipment,  from  servers
__label__environmentmonitoring to  power  plants  to  giant  construction  equipment  to  aircraft  and  military  hardware.  the  connection  between  ai  and  iot  may  not  be  immediately  obvious,  but  .  on  the  one  hand,  iot  sensors  let  ai  systems  experience  their  environment  directly.  on  the  other  hand,  ai  and  machine  learning  make  it  possible  to  glean  actionable  insights  from  the  vast  arrays  iot  devices  spewing  out  more  data  than  humans  can  easily  make  sense  of.  the  uses  for  iot  are  practically  limitless,  and  new  applications  are  being  developed  all  the  time.  along  with  the  incredible  opportunity,  of  course,  come  challenges  in  optimizing  a  technology  that
__label__environmentmonitoring reaches  deeply  into  so  many  aspects  of  our  businessesand  our  lives.  fredric  paul  is  editor  in  chief  for  new  relic,  inc.,  and  has  held  senior  editorial  positions  at  readwrite,  informationweek,  cnet,  pcworld  and  other  publications.  his  opinions  are  his  own.  take  idgs  2020  it  salary  survey:  2019  idg  communications,  inc.  descend
__label__environmentmonitoring refcardz  research  webinars  zones  lets  be  friends:  join  the  dzone  community  and  get  the  full  member  experience.  to  gather  insights  on  the  current  and  future  state  of  iot,  we  talked  to  23  executives  involved  with  iot.  we  asked  them,  what  are  realworld  problems  you,  or  your  clients,  are  solving  with  iot?  heres  who  we  spoke  to:  free  dzone  refcard  opinions  expressed  by  dzone  contributors  are  their  own.  ::node.title  parent.tldr
__label__environmentmonitoring romolo  tavani  fotolia  employees  today  want  their  employers  to  do  more  than  just  sign  a  paycheck  they  want  them  to  take  action.  corporate  sustainability  models  arent  new,  but  now,  thanks  to  iot,  businesses  have  technological  means  to  meet  one  of  corporate  sustainabilitys  biggest  hurdles:  reducing  the  companys  environmental  impact.  its  time  for  enterprises  to  take  action,  both  for  their  employees  and  the  earth.  and  iot  is  here  to  help.  how  do  iot  and  sustainability  work  together?  check  out  these  seven  use  cases.  intelligent  electricity  distribution  systems  enable  utility  providers  to  remotely  their  assets.  with  connected  systems,  companies  can  manage  energy
__label__environmentmonitoring distribution  and  reroute  energy  during  outages.  they  can  even  prorate  electricity  based  on  supply  and  demand,  especially  when  renewable  resources,  such  as  wind,  solar  or  hydroelectric  power,  are  involved.  also  enable  utility  providers  to  know  about  outages  before  their  customers  report  them  and  to  monitor  equipment  and  perform  maintenance  before  an  infrastructure  fails.  for  providers,  this  means  improved  efficiency  and  streamlined  energy  distribution.  for  smart  home  or  smart  building  consumers,  it  means  receiving  transparent  feedback  about  energy  use  that  can  help  them  to  adjust  their  habits  and  potentially  reduce  monthly  bills  via  managed  energy  consumption.  according  to  the  environmental  defense
__label__environmentmonitoring fund,  smart  grids  are  expected  to  cut  air  pollution  from  the  energy  industry  by  up  to  30,  preventing  34,000  deaths  a  year.  and  because  smart  grids  can  incorporate  renewable  power  sources,  their  energy  savings  can  be  equated  to  70  million  road  trips  around  the  world.  a  key  piece  of  a  smart  grid  infrastructure,  gather  realtime  energy  data,  as  well  as  water  and  gas  data.  rather  than  waiting  for  monthly  manual  readings,  businesses  and  homes  with  smart  meters  get  realtime  data  that  enables  them  to  make  smarter  decisions  about  their  energy,  water  and  gas  consumption  and  to  modify  habits  to  save
__label__environmentmonitoring money  and  reduce  their  carbon  footprint.  utility  companies  also  benefit,  as  systems  can  be  remotely  monitored,  allowing  for  better  response  to  problems  and  efficient  maintenance.  utilities  fuel  costs  are  also  reduced  as  employees  dont  need  to  drive  around  to  collect  data  from  standard  meters.  realtime  monitoring  for  behavioral  changes  can  affect  up  to  40  of  a  buildings  energy  consumption,  according  to  the  authors  of  the  paper  a  literature  survey  on  measuring  energy  usage  for  miscellaneous  electric  loads  in  offices  and  commercial  buildings.  additionally,  british  gas  that  stated  that  its  residential  customers  using  smart  meters  save  nearly  42  a  year  on
__label__environmentmonitoring their  energy  bill.  in  agricultural  scenarios,  be  it  on  a  farm  or  an  orchard  or  a  buildings  or  residents  lawn,  monitor  soil  saturation  to  prevent  over  and  underwatering.  water  sensors  are  also  instrumental  in  ,  a  critical  task  after  floods,  hurricanes  and  other  natural  disasters  to  ensure  wastewater  and  chemicals  have  not  tainted  potable  water  supplies.  likewise,  iot  sensors  embedded  into  water  management  infrastructures  can  monitor  local  weather  forecasts  and  control  drainage  to  minimize  flooding,  stormwater  runoff  or  property  damage.  smart  sensors  can  also  be  added  to  plumbing  systems  to  alert  homeowners  and  building  managers  to  potential  leaks  or  even
__label__environmentmonitoring turn  off  water  supplies  to  prevent  flooding  mitigating  millions  of  dollars  in  potential  water  damage.  according  to  the  united  states  environmental  protection  agency,  up  to  50  of  the  water  used  outdoors  is  wasted  due  to  inefficient  watering  methods.  a  smart  irrigation  system  can  save  up  to  70  of  the  water  wasted,  per  the  associated  landscape  contractors  of  colorado.  also,  sensus  reported  that  up  to  30  of  the  water  in  the  u.s.  is  lost  to  leaks  and  storage  tank  overflows;  adding  iot  can  help  reduce  leakage  waste  by  20.  lighting  is  a  top  use  case  of  iot  for  sustainability.  adding  internet
__label__environmentmonitoring connectivity  and  intelligence  to  lighting  systems  in  buildings  is  an  integral  component  of  optimizing  electricity  use.  temperature  and  light  sensors  not  only  mimic  natural  light  cycles  an  important  point,  as  americans  spend  nearly  90  of  their  time  indoors  nowadays  but  they  also  conserve  energy.  for  example,  sensors  can  detect  when  a  room  is  empty  and  or  adjust  lighting  depending  on  the  amount  of  natural  light  coming  through  the  windows.  smart  led  lights  use  nearly  50  less  electricity  than  traditional  bulbs  and  last  more  than  eight  times  as  long.  add  intelligence  to  those  leds  and  companies  can  achieve  up  to  99
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  cost  savings,  as  reported  by  enmodus.  with  iot  takes  smart  lighting  to  the  next  level.  with  the  same  benefits  of  adjusting  lighting  based  on  natural  conditions,  as  well  as  the  presence  of  pedestrians  and  vehicles,  smart  streetlights  also  provide  the  infrastructure  needed  to  deploy  other  smart  city  applications,  such  as  security  cameras,  air  quality  monitors,  traffic  management  and  gunshot  detection,  among  others.  beyond  using  50  less  energy  than  halogens,  smart  leds  generate  1020  savings  by  adjusting  to  natural  conditions,  reported  navigant  research.  using  sensors,  companies  and  municipalities  can  about  indoor  and  outdoor  air,  including  the  temperature,  humidity,  barometric  pressure
__label__environmentmonitoring and  carbon  dioxide.  such  smart  sensors  can  detect  the  presence  and  saturation  of  volatile  organic  compounds,  carbon  monoxide,  nitrogen  monoxide  and  dioxide,  ozone,  methane,  black  carbon,  and  particulate  matter  in  real  time.  this  information  can  help  cities,  organizations  and  individuals  monitor,  analyze  and  determine  the  locations  and,  potentially,  the  causes  of  pollution,  enabling  them  to  take  action  and  fix  air  quality  issues.  iot  air  quality  sensors  collect  targeted,  realtime,  locationspecific  data,  allowing  corrective  action  to  be  taken.  in  some  cases,  sensors,  such  as  those  from  libelium,  can  identify  gas  at  concentrations  as  small  as  0.1  parts  per  million.  waste  management,
__label__environmentmonitoring both  at  a  company  and  city  level,  is  a  crucial  component  of  environmental  and  corporate  sustainability.  on  city  streets  alert  waste  management  companies  when  they  are  full,  allowing  a  company  to  dispatch  collectors  only  when  necessary.  this  reduces  fuel  consumption,  but  also  lessens  street  congestion.  networked  waste  receptacles  can  also  help  consumers  more  easily  locate  trash  or  recycling  opportunities,  as  well  as  better  identify  what  materials  can  be  recycled.  smart  waste  collection  can  reduce  the  number  of  collection  instances  by  up  to  80,  according  to  bigbelly.  this,  in  turn,  reduces  collection  costs  by  nearly  30  and  lowers  carbon  emissions  up
__label__environmentmonitoring to  60,  sensoneo  reported.  iot  is  also  instrumental  in  the  sustainable  development  of  products.  in  product  design  help  manufacturers  determine  the  energy  impact  and  resource  consumption  of  the  devices  theyre  creating,  as  well  as  determine  the  lifespan.  using  smart  design,  manufacturers  can  create  devices  that  consume  less  energy  and  create  less  waste.  potential  issues  can  also  be  determined  by  simulating  the  devices  with  digital  twins,  enabling  manufactures  to  fix  design  flaws,  in  turn  saving  money  in  repairs  and  replacements,  as  well  as  downtime  and  upgrades.  consumers,  businesses  and  individuals  alike,  are  concerned  about  the  origins  of  the  products  they  purchase.
__label__environmentmonitoring a  recent  unilever  survey  revealed  33  of  consumers  choose  brands  based  on  their  social  and  environmental  impact.  companies  can  prove  their  sustainability  measures  with  iot.  a  connected  supply  chain  offers  transparency  into  each  stop  a  product  makes  and  the  source  of  each  product  component,  allowing  brands  to  to  products  to  provide  full  traceability  and  visibility  throughout  the  supply  chain.  asks:  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  please  check  the  box  if  you  want  to  proceed.  technology  advances  like  quantum  computing  mean  ais  best  years  are  still  to  come,  but  that  doesnt  mean  companies  arent  already...  to  prepare
__label__environmentmonitoring for  robotic  process  automation  combined  with  the  more  sophisticated  intelligent  process  automation,  cios  first  need  to...  as  technology  has  shifted  since  2000,  so  have  it  leaders.  this  guide  looks  at  how  oracle,  cisco,  dell  and  sap  have  adapted  to  ...  a  security  researcher  used  a  mishandled  session  cookie  to  access  private  hackerone  bug  reports  with  an  account  takeover  attack  ...  nss  labs  dropped  its  antitrust  suit  against  the  antimalware  testing  standards  organization,  symantec  and  eset,  ending  a  ...  a  security  researcher  found  that  googles  search  engine  hides  results  for  misconfigured  firebase  databases  that  are  publicly  ...  catch  up  on  the
__label__environmentmonitoring different  features  available  with  the  first  wave  of  wifi  6,  including  ofdma  and  target  wake  time,  and  find  out  ...  networking  startups  arrcus,  drivenets  and  volta  networks  help  service  providers  redefine  routing  in  the  data  center  and  at  the  ...  yes,  4g  and  5g  network  architectures  will  differ,  but  organizations  may  not  see  change  for  some  time.  this  feature  explores  4g  ...  open  source  offerings  are  an  easy  way  to  bring  automation  into  your  organization.  when  selecting  software,  evaluate  the  user  ...  the  data  center  energy  efficiency  metric,  power  usage  effectiveness,  or  pue,  is  not  improving.  but  one  supercomputer  data
__label__environmentmonitoring center  ...  data  centers  must  track  multiple  temperature  components.  organizations  can  use  ashrae  standards  and  onpremises  hardware  for  ...  aws  expands  its  redshift  data  warehouse  capabilities  including  managed  storage  and  query  acceleration  at  the  re:invent  2019  ...  while  open  source  is  a  key  to  success  for  many  database  vendors,  it  can  also  potentially  lead  to  a  competitive  threat  from  a  ...  decade  after  decade,  oracle  continues  to  be  relevant  in  the  database  market  as  it  pivots  to  include  an  expanding  list  of  ...  all  rights  reserved,
__label__environmentmonitoring posted  on  in  q4  we  challenged  our  sigfox  usa  team  to  develop  a  sigfox  low  power  wide  area  connected  iot  use  case  that  would  solve  a  challenge  they  have  at  home  and  write  about  it.  david  baughman,  field  sales  engineer  in  the  midwest  accepted  the  challenge  with  spirit.  without  further  ado,  heres  davids  use  case.  december  brings  cold  temperatures,  early  sunsets,and  snow  in  many  parts  of  the  united  states.  it  also  brings  holiday  parties  and  decorations  including  elaborate  light  displays.  with  the  advent  of  programmable  led  strips,  holiday  lighting  displays  have  become  quite  an  extravaganza.  simple  outdoor  displays  are  typically
__label__environmentmonitoring managed  by  timers  or  light  sensors  that  turn  lights  on  at  dusk  and  off  after  a  few  hours,  or  at  sunrise.  while  this  works  fine  for  outdoor  displays  there  is  no  dusk  indoors.  my  use  case  was  to  automate  turning  my  indoor  holiday  lights  on  using  an  iot  lumen  sensor  and  low  power  wide  area  network  lpwan  connectivity.  available  at  ,  sigfox  is  a  handheld,  lowpower,  programmable  iot  sensor  that  comes  with  sigfox  .  with  sensit,  light,  motion,  vibration  measurements,  and  push  button  events  can  be  captured,  logged,  and  acted  upon  using  the  sensit.io  application.  for  this  project,  i  used
__label__environmentmonitoring the  sensit  lumen  detection  mode  to  measure  the  darkness  level  in  the  room  where  my  indoor  lighting  display  resides.  my  thought  was  to  have  the  sensit  monitor  light  level  and  trigger  an  event  to  turn  on  my  holiday  lights  using  a  ,  a  brand  of  smart  home  devices  from  belkin  that  can  be  connected  over  wifi.  to  get  all  of  this  working  automatically  without  the  need  to  involve  alexa,  i  created  a  cloudtocloud  connection  between  the  sensit.io  web  portal  and  my  wemo  smart  plug  using  a  free  cloud  service  known  as  if  this  then  that.  i  created  my  own  custom
__label__environmentmonitoring applet  which  comprises  both  if  and  then  applications.  wemo  smart  home  devices  are  already  preintegrated  into  ifttts  web  portal,  so  it  turned  out  to  be  a  simple  matter  to  connect  sensit.io  to  ifttt.com  using  a  cloudtocloud  connection.  events  are  monitored  by  the  ifttt  cloud  automatically  using  the  if  applet  component,  and  when  an  event  occurs  the  then  applet  component  is  triggered.  to  trigger  cloudtocloud  communications,  which  generated  a  unique  url  address  that  is  recognized  by  the  ifttt  cloud.since  sensit.io  supports  http  post  notifications,  i  simply  needed  to  populate  the  url  in  the  app.  provisioning  the  then  event  for  wemo  was
__label__environmentmonitoring as  easy  as  selectingfrom  a  dropdown  menu  to  turn  on  smart  plug.  the  final  step  required  registering  my  wemo  smart  plug  device  on  the  wemo  app  by  navigating  to  the  remote  access  menu  and  enabling  the  ifttt  cloud  option.  once  the  url  webhook  relationships  were  established  between  the  sensit.io  notification  and  the  ifttt  applet,  the  cloudto  cloudcommunications  links  were  complete.  tahdah  let  there  be  light  to  turn  the  lights  on  based  on  the  darkness  level,  i  set  my  sensit  to  an  eventbased  trigger  using  lumens  dropping  below  a  threshold.  determining  the  correct  lumen  intensity  to  detect  darkness  required  some  trial
__label__environmentmonitoring and  error  to  figure  out  that  3  lumens  was  the  perfect  threshold.  once  the  threshold  was  set  on  the  web  app,  i  updated  the  sensit  by  requesting  a  download  from  the  web  portal  using  the  sensit  button.  a  few  presses  later  and  the  sensit  was  updated  to  the  3  lumens  threshold  i  set.  let  the  lighting  automation  begin  once  i  had  everything  set  on  the  application  side,  i  simply  set  my  sensit  on  the  room  window  sill  and  waited  for  the  sun  to  set.  my  efforts  were  rewarded  a  short  time  later  as  my  indoor  holiday  lights  came  on  just
__label__environmentmonitoring before  sunset  the  real  beauty  of  this  use  case  project  was  how  easy  it  was  to  integratesigfoxlow  power  wide  area  connectivity  and  asensitdevice  into  the  home  automation  ecosystem.  looking  beyond,  this  use  case  can  be  applied  to  commercial  facilities,  building  construction,  and  corporate  offices  that  are  looking  to  reduce  energy  costs  and  carbon  footprint,  using  a  simple  device  and  ifttt  to  trigger  lights  on/off  upon  occupancy,  door  open,  and  more.  sigfox  usa  is  the  iot  network  operator  in  the  us  for  the  global  low  power,  wide  area  lpwa  connectivity  provider,  sigfox.  33  arch  st.,  17th  floor  boston,  ma  02110  5001
__label__environmentmonitoring slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  .  slideshare  uses  cookies  to  improve  functionality  and  performance,  and  to  provide  you  with  relevant  advertising.  if  you  continue  browsing  the  site,  you  agree  to  the  use  of  cookies  on  this  website.  see  our  and  for  details.  session:  101  use  cases  for  iot:  a  picture  is  worth  a  1000  words  be  the  first  to  comment  linkedin  corporation  2019  looks  like  youve  clipped  this  slide  to  already.
__label__environmentmonitoring we  use  cookies  to  offer  you  a  better  experience,  personalize  content,  tailor  advertising,  provide  social  media  features,  and  better  understand  the  use  of  our  services.  to  learn  more  or  modify/prevent  the  use  of  cookies,  see  our  and  .  with  do  you  want  to  of  this  conference  paper?  you  can  request  the  fulltext  of  this  conference  paper  directly  from  the  authors  on  researchgate.  tip:  tip:
__label__environmentmonitoring no  matter  which  of  our  services  or  solutions  you  choose,  your  work  happens  using  only  the  best  software  development  methodologies.  prepare  for  the  future  by  adding  intelligence  to  your  enterprise  systems,  mobile  apps,  iot  systems  and  get  insights  out  of  your  data.  our  rd  as  a  service  model  lets  you  take  advantage  of  our  tech  capabilities  and  become  a  market  disrupter.  our  mastery  over  the  foundational  technologies  gives  you  mission  critical  systems  and  digital  touchpoints  that  are  the  best  in  the  industry.  manufacturing  move  from  timebased  to  performancebased  maintenance  for  superior  cost  and  operational  efficiency.  retail  advance  from  overabundance  of
__label__environmentmonitoring products  to  personalizing  for  responding  better  and  winning  customer  loyalty.  banking  financial  shift  from  onesolutionfitsall  to  specialized  solution  approach  for  reinventing  the  banking  experience.  healthcare  reposition  from  volumebased  to  valuebased  healthcare  for  enhancing  the  quality  of  patient  outcomes.  telecom  stretch  the  boundary  from  a  conventional  business  model  to  agile  for  transforming  customer  experience.  oil  gas  switch  from  reactive  to  predictive  maintenance  for  elevating  performance  of  all  production  units.  previous  next  author  :  posted  :  share  the  post  how  to  leverage  iot  for  smart  energy  management  energy  management  has  become  vital  for  both  utilities  and  facilities  with  the  evergrowing  demand  for
__label__environmentmonitoring energy  supply.  also,  the  rise  in  the  cost  of  commercial  energy  and  carbon  footprint  is  making  businesses  optimize  their  energy  usage.  hence,  its  requisite  to  make  energy  management  systems  more  efficient  with  the  help  of  technological  advances  for  the  advancement  of  your  business.  getting  useful  insights  based  on  iotbased  energy  systems  for  monitoring  and  controlling  would  help  to  manage  energy  usage,  enhance  efficiency,  support  to  conserve  energy,  safeguard  compliance  and  ecological  conventions.  the  evolution  of  the  internet  of  things  iot  has  revolutionized  energy  management  systems  for  proper  energy  utilization.  iot  is  considered  to  play  a  pivotal  role  in  turning  these
__label__environmentmonitoring smarter  in  the  near  future.  each  device  can  be  connected  to  a  network,  and  a  variety  of  information  can  be  collected  from  these  connected  devices.  the  information  from  all  the  connected  devices  is  gathered  on  a  central  system  usually  in  the  cloud  for  further  analysis.  data  scientists  use  this  information  and  run  it  through  algorithms  and  other  to  study  the  energy  usage  patterns  of  a  particular  scenario.  further,  ml  algorithms  and  ai  capabilities  of  the  incorporated  system  can  visualize  the  data  to  give  useful  insights  for  taking  intelligent  actions  for  operational  parameters  in  different  scenarios.  once  you  have  installed  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring on  devices  creating  the  internet  of  things,  one  of  the  primary  uses  is  in  creating  a  smart  lighting  system  for  personal  usage  at  your  home  or  a  business  purpose  at  your  office  premises.  the  internet  of  things  is  enabling  energy  efficiencies  while  creating  a  new  way  for  energy  conservation.  this  will  allow  you  for  the  efficient  utilization  of  energy  utilization  at  minimum  costs.  the  smart  lighting  market  is  expected  to  grow  to  usd  8.14  billion  by  2020,  at  a  cagr  of  22.07  between  2015  and  2020.  marketsandmarkets  learn  how  to  create  a  smart  energy  management  system.  connect  with  our  experts
__label__environmentmonitoring the  internet  of  things  is  everywhere  today,  from  industrial  applications  to  emergency  services,  public  transportation,  public  safety,  city  lighting  and  other  smart  city  applications.  due  to  iot  technology  advancements,  municipalities  are  becoming  more  and  more  connected  in  an  effort  to  increase  the  efficiency  of  infrastructure  installations,  improve  reliability  and  responsiveness  of  emergency  services,  cut  costs  and  more.  and  innovation  is  ongoing.  we  expect  to  see  many  more  smart  city  ideas  using  iot  for  this  market  in  the  years  to  come.  in  this  post  we  will  look  at  a  few  examples  of  iot  solutions  across  the  smart  cities  landscape  and  the
__label__environmentmonitoring benefits  cities  are  experiencing  as  a  result  of  implementing  them.  there  are  several  reasons  for  municipalities  to  move  to  the  wireless  communications  methods  offered  by  iot  technologies.  clicktotweet  embed  code  start  this  industry  is  growing  so  rapidly  that  it  is  a  difficult  undertaking  to  capture  the  breadth  of  applications  in  this  industry.  in  fact,  smart  cities  could  be  considered  a  collection  of  industries  that  includes  city  lighting,  city  transit,  waste  water  management,  emergency  services,  traffic  management  and  more.  in  fact,  new  iot  smart  city  projects  are  likely  to  emerge  as  the  available  technologies  become  more  widely  adopted,  and  more  targeted
__label__environmentmonitoring at  the  requirements  of  specific  use  cases.  we  will  cover  city  lighting,  public  transportation,  and  water  management.  lighting  is  one  of  the  most  prevalent  examples  of  iot  applications  for  smart  cities,  and  many  municipalities  today  are  turning  to  wireless  communications  for  cost  savings  and  energy  reduction.  lumca  lighting  smart  pole  technology  of  quebec  city  is  putting  smart  city  lighting  to  work.  as  an  example,  this  outdoor  lighting  outfit  developed  a  comprehensive  lighting  solution  the  lumca  smart  pole  withbuiltin  power,  connectivity,  sensors,  and  other  intelligent  features,  all  of  which  are  configured  and  managed  via  digi  remote  manager,  a  centralized  software  platform
__label__environmentmonitoring with  a  graphical  user  interface.  the  solution  incorporates  the  ruggedized  ,  which  provides  connectivity  and  data  routing  for  multiple  device  nodes  on  the  smart  pole.  the  result  is  a  comprehensive  application  supporting  multiple  uses:  smart  bus  application  transit  systems  are  another  rapidly  growing  segment  for  smart  city  iot  applications.  transit  agencies  and  smart  cities  are  realizing  enormous  benefits  in  cost  reduction,  safety,  routing  management  and  improved  rider  experience.  where  many  municipalities  saw  ridership  dropping  in  recent  years,  many  are  now  experiencing  renewed  growth  with  improved  visibility  into  bus  and  light  rail  routing  and  passenger  wifi  connectivity.  for  an  excellent  example,
__label__environmentmonitoring we  turn  to  ,  the  suburban  mobility  authority  for  rapid  transit  authority,  which  operates  a  fleet  of  more  than  330  biodiesel  and  hybridelectric  buses  across  michigans  macomb,  oakland,  and  wayne  counties.  the  iot  solution  deployed  by  the  smart  transit  system  includes  a  range  of  features,  which  are  enabled  by  the  :  these  enhancements  help  transit  employees,  dispatchers  and  riders  to  experience  more  reliable  connectivity  and  improved  communications.  additionally,  with  the  increase  in  ecofriendly  vehicles,  smart  cities  can  achieve  air  quality.  this  goal  as  well  as  reduced  congestion  are  further  enhanced  with  improved  ridership  and  fewer  city  residents  jumping  into  a
__label__environmentmonitoring car  each  time  they  need  to  travel  across  town.  water  management  application  needs  for  smart  cities  run  the  gamut  from  wastewater  treatment  to  water  monitoring  to  environmental  restoration  projects.  iot  applications  are  growing  in  these  segments  as  governmental  organizations  and  local  municipalities  seek  to  upgrade  aging  infrastructure,  increase  efficiency,  improve  visibility  into  remote  tanks  and  water  management  processes,  and  reduce  the  cost  of  monitoring  and  servicing  their  assets.  while  there  may  not  be  a  typical  solution,  as  each  of  the  use  cases  mentioned  above  has  its  own  requirements,  its  useful  to  look  at  the  components  of  a  sample  application.  this
__label__environmentmonitoring particular  example  shows  how  a  gateway  supplies  the  connectivity  for  a  range  of  application  needs,  such  as  sensing  flow  rates,  tank  pressure  and  water  levels.  provides  the  remote  management  solution  needed  to  monitor  the  components  of  the  iot  device  deployment,  which  may  include  a  range  of  radio  devices,  system  on  modules  soms  and  sensors.  applications  in  this  arena  are  varied.  lets  look  at  three  digi  customer  stories  for  examples.  ,  which  provides  water  treatment  solutions  to  industrial  clients  across  north  america,  turned  to  an  iot  solution  from  digi  to  establish  a  remote  monitoring  and  management  solution,  in  place  of  their
__label__environmentmonitoring current  system.  the  goal  was  to  improve  visibility  into  field  equipment  installed  at  client  sites.  the  organization  has  nearly  300  connected  controllers  and  sensors  at  remote  sites,  which  they  wanted  to  connect  into  a  complete  solution.  u.s.  water  worked  with  digi  and  verizon  to  develop  a  solution  using  digi  cellular  gateways  and  .  remotely  connecting  assets  gives  u.s.  water  direct  visibility  to  their  equipment  and  to  the  customers  usage  of  chemicals,  as  well  as  insight  into  their  supply  chain.the  solution  has  helped  u.s.  water  create  supply  chain  efficiencies  and  reduce  transportation  costs,  since  there  are  fewer  truck  rolls  and  technicians
__label__environmentmonitoring on  the  road.  the  future  of  water  is  wireless  is  an  environmental  consulting  firm  that  uses  sophisticatedinformation  systems  to  gather  and  evaluate  critical  environmental  data  such  as  groundwater  analytics  and  provide  recommendations  to  their  clients.  summits  use  case  required  a  solution  that  streamlined  their  data  collection  processes.  for  example,  instead  of  sending  personnel  to  dozens  of  remote  locations  to  perform  tests  and  gather  data,  the  team  wanted  to  put  automation  to  work,  both  to  reduce  the  cost  of  unnecessary  truck  rolls  and  increase  efficiency  by  eliminating  the  process  of  keying  in  the  gathered  data.  the  solution  involved  integrating  measurement  sensors
__label__environmentmonitoring with  batteryoperated  devices  in  the  field  to  connect  the  data  gathering  system  to  the  central  servers.  automatically  routing  data  to  the  servers  from  farflung  sensors  saved  time  and  money,  and  the  solution  included  a  method  for  capturing  sensor  diagnostics  which  enables  the  technicians  to  remotely  diagnose  the  health  of  their  sensors  as  well.  is  responsible  for  a  range  of  programs,  including  the  air  force  compliance,  restoration,  sustainability  and  national  environmental  policy  act  programs.  tasked  with  the  environmental  cleanup  of  the  superfund  site  at  joint  base  cape  cod  jbcc,  the  afcec  team  has  been  continuously  remediating  billions  of  gallons  of  contaminated
__label__environmentmonitoring water  at  the  site  over  several  decades.  this  process  requires  careful  monitoring  of  over  100  source  areas  across  the  22,000acre  restoration  site.  the  afcec  team  sought  to  reduce  maintenance  problems  and  costs,  as  the  systems  in  place  utilized  landlines  which  were  expensive  to  maintain.  they  worked  with  digi  and  verizon  to  develop  a  solution  to  convert  their  copperwire  landline  installation  to  a  wireless  deployment  utilizing  .  the  team  deployed  two  routers  in  a  pilot  installation,  followed  by  full  deployment,  ensured  the  systems  and  processes  were  working  correctly,  and  then  began  full  deployment.  iot  applications  in  smart  cities  are  vast  and
__label__environmentmonitoring oh,  yes.  thats  interesting:  while  observers  still  discuss  the  perspectives  of  the  internet  of  things  technologies  adoption  in  a  real  life,  the  market  already  demonstrates  successful  use  cases  in  internet  of  things.  and  actually,  once  tried,  internet  of  things  in  use  doesnt  appear  as  a  problem.  because  of  that,  the  exact  number  of  internet  of  things  use  cases  is  tremendous.  drones,  artificial  organs,  smart  lighting,  sensors  these  and  other  nice  internet  of  things  in  use  examples  call  for  carefully  choosing  the  best  of  the  best  among  them.  consequently,  were  here  not  to  justify  the  perks  of  the  internet  of  things
__label__environmentmonitoring technologies  but  to  explain  the  success  of  the  real  internet  of  things  use  cases  to  illustrate  the  achievements  of  the  internet  of  things  technologies  in  facilitating  the  contemporary  life,  we  grouped  the  use  cases  in  internet  of  things  by  an  area  of  application.  in  fact,  this  approach  allows  demonstrating  how  great  the  number  of  the  applied  industries  is.  but  the  fact  that  the  internet  of  things  uses  various  problems  in  each  of  them  for  inspiration  is  bound  to  be  taken  off  the  table.  thats  a  sacrifice  but  it  makes  this  overview  of  the  internet  of  things  use  cases  packed  with
__label__environmentmonitoring all  the  needed  clues  you  can  use  for  the  further  research.  so,  what  are  they,  the  examples  of  internet  of  things  in  use  today?  lets  look  closer  to  15  internet  of  things  use  cases  in  15  different  areas.  there  exist  numerous  cases  of  use  of  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  and  each  one  demonstrates  a  high  potential  of  adopting  the  technology  for  improving  human  life.  as  the  concrete  instance  for  the  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  here,  we  chose  proteus  pills.  this  innovation  is  incredible:  it  tracks  the  influence  of  each  pill  taken  the  time,  the  content,  and  a  body
__label__environmentmonitoring reaction,  specifically.  hence,  it  broadens  the  horizons  of  the  use  of  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  because  doctors  will  know  which  meds  are  not  good  for  a  patient  exactly.  and  in  combination  with  other  use  cases  of  internet  of  things  in  healthcare  meaning  various  wearables,  reminders,  and  monitors,  you  can  finally  get  personalized  and  accurate  treatment  in  the  hospital  in  the  area  of  internet  of  things  blockchain,  there  exist  several  incentives  to  combine  two  perspective  trends  into  one  framework.  as  the  most  prominent  example  of  the  internet  of  things  use  cases  here,  petras  p2p  ioet  company  specializes  in  linking  energy
__label__environmentmonitoring suppliers  with  their  consumers  through  smart  contracts  and  an  iot  production  device.  in  fact,  an  ability  to  combine  facilitated  financial  operations  and  costeffectiveness  for  increasing  trust  and  security  is  outstanding.  because  of  this,  internet  of  things  blockchain  appears  as  a  perspective  merger  that  steadily  enters  all  the  industries.  the  way  dhl  deals  with  novelties  is  an  outstanding  example  of  the  and  for  various  reasons.  in  fact,  the  company  uses  this  innovation  for  tracking  and  monitoring  their  deliveries.  for  this  aim,  it  adopts  the  internet  of  things  technologies  as  broadly  as  possible.  and  leads  the  application  of  the  internet  of  things
__label__environmentmonitoring in  logistics  by  using  sensors  to  track  shipment  containers,  protect  them,  and  collect  data  on  workers  and  tools  adopted.  and  in  return,  the  company  gets  an  accuracy  and  expenses  reduction.  as  for  the  abilities  of  the  ,  there  exist  various  use  cases  that  deserve  attention.  here,  we  explain  the  achievements  of  cisco,  the  top  company  in  it  world  these  days,  in  building  a  connected  factory.  within  it,  the  brand  has  realized  its  ambition  to  manage  production  processes  and  access  the  equipment  remotely  and  now  solves  most  issues  in  this  area  easier  and  faster.  and  this  example  reveals  the  promising  perspectives
__label__environmentmonitoring of  using  the  internet  of  things  in  manufacturing  in  general.  among  the  plenty  of  abilities  to  use  the  internet  of  things  in  transportation,  managing  transcontinental  flights  appears  as  the  most  complex  and  challenging  case.  on  this  matter,  virgin  atlantic  launched  iot  connection  with  its  boeing  787  plane  to  predict  possible  health  and  equipment  problems  and  improve  flight  safety.  and  this  achievement  significantly  contributes  to  the  adoption  of  the  internet  of  things  in  transportation.  in  fact,  internet  of  things  in  business  is  a  prospective  area  and  choosing  one  and  only  case  of  smart  shelves  was  hard.  but  its  success  is  the
__label__environmentmonitoring justification:  the  case  transforms  managing  sales  processes,  increases  customer  engagement,  optimizes  production  and  sales,  and  saves  lots  of  money  for  retail  companies.  being  that  profitable,  it  makes  the  adoption  of  internet  of  things  in  business  too  tempting  to  standby.  among  the  various  forms  of  presence  of  the  internet  of  things  in  agriculture,  drones  reveal  themselves  as  the  most  multifunctional  and  reliable  internet  of  things  technologies.  in  particular,  they  are  capable  to  take  pictures  of  huge  and  distant  areas,  analyze  their  soil  composition  and  watering  problems,  and  even  detect  diseases  in  plants.  and  because  of  that,  the  further  increase  of  using
__label__environmentmonitoring the  internet  of  things  in  agriculture  is  already  unstoppable.  surprisingly,  the  internet  of  things  in  education  is  a  separate  sphere  worth  mentioning.  and  here,  the  results  of  smart  learning  are  impressive.  from  adjusting  the  space  within  a  university  campus  to  creating  a  personalized  study  plan,  iot  in  combination  with  ai  and  machine  learning  changes  the  level  of  satisfaction  with  learning  significantly.  and  these  achievements  put  high  hopes  on  the  internet  of  things  in  education  in  general.  when  it  comes  to  the  internet  of  things  in  automotive  industry,  the  continuing  elaboration  of  driverless  cars  cannot  be  avoided.  promising  the  new  approach
__label__environmentmonitoring to  manufacturing  automobiles,  it  can  modify  the  lives  of  people  significantly.  in  particular,  the  internet  of  things  technologies  here  enable  the  creation  of  a  car  that  moves  by  scanning  the  environment  and  without  human  hands  sounds  like  a  fantasy,  ha?  with  time,  internet  of  things  in  automotive  industry  is  able  to  create  even  more  miracles.  among  all  the  internet  of  things  use  cases,  internet  of  things  in  home  is  the  most  complicated  one.  so  many  amazing  examples  as  one  of  the  best  options,  observers  appraise  nest  learning  thermostat  for  remote  control  over  the  temperature  in  a  smart  home.  but  thats
__label__environmentmonitoring just  a  tiny  drop  in  the  ocean  of  devices  from  the  internet  of  things  in  home  sphere  considering  the  devices  from  the  contemporary  market  of  the  internet  of  things  in  cars,  cobra  code  is  a  nice  example.  precisely,  it  provides  remote  management  and  observation  over  the  vehicle.  it  doesnt  turn  your  automobile  into  an  autonomous  one  but  makes  it  so  much  smarter  and  more  connected.  and  in  an  appearance  like  this,  the  internet  of  things  in  cars  is  really  popular  these  days.  in  terms  of  consumption  control  over  the  energy  resources,  the  concept  of  a  smart  grid  is  truly  impressive.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  particular,  it  allows  collecting  data  automatically  and  sharing  the  insights  with  both  suppliers  and  customers.  hence,  the  opportunities  to  optimize  usage  and  predict  outrages  become  achievable.  in  the  field  of  strengthening  bonds  within  a  community,  aircasting  is  an  interesting  combination  of  health  data  collecting  and  sharing.  specifically,  this  smartphone  app  makes  it  possible  to  record,  map,  and  exchange  information  on  the  level  of  noise,  temperature,  humidity,  and  gas  concentration  in  the  chosen  environment.  with  its  help,  its  easy  to  avoid  harmful  surroundings  and  gather  meetings  in  safe  places.  in  terms  of  environment  defense,  the  case  of  lionguardians  is  outstanding.
__label__environmentmonitoring in  particular,  this  internet  of  things  technology  is  an  open  source  wildlife  tracking  collar  system  designed  specifically  for  saving  animals  threatened  with  extinction.  used  in  southern  kenya,  it  allows  saving  2,000  lions  left  in  the  area  by  tracking  their  location  and  sending  notifications  to  coordinators  via  sms  in  case  assistance  is  needed.  even  though  smart  cities  are  still  quite  illusory,  the  experience  of  barcelona  shows  that  the  idea  is  highly  practical  and  fruitful.  in  fact,  this  spanish  metropolis  adopts  various  internet  of  things  technologies  500  km  of  optical  fiber  network,  wifi  routed  in  street  lighting,  air  quality  monitoring  and  water
__label__environmentmonitoring consumption  sensors,  smart  parking,  and  waste  management  approach.  with  all  these  internet  of  things  use  cases  in  one  place,  the  living  becomes  much  more  comfortable  and  costeffective.  and  the  idea  of  the  internet  of  things,  in  general,  becomes  preferable  on  a  broader  scale.  written  by
__label__environmentmonitoring intelligent  buildings:  self  powered  iot  sensor  solutions  from  pressac  communications  ltd  for  ibm  watson  iot  platform  and  real  estate  management  enterprise  edition  1.  the  iot  ready,  selfpowered  sensor  measures  co2,  temperature  and  humidity  within  buildings.  it  sends  enocean  radio  telegrams  in  real  time  to  a  receiving  gateway  which  is  integrated  into  ibms  tririga  and  watson  software  platforms.  this  is  a  cost  effective  method  of  measuring  environmental  parameters  within  buildings  and  will  be  of  benefit  to  facilities  management  companies,  property  owners  and  management  companies.  once  deployed  the  co2,  temperature  and  humidity  monitoring  solution  helps  create  a  healthy  and  productive  environment  within
__label__environmentmonitoring buildings.  using  the  sensor  data  heating,  ventilation  and  air  conditioning  can  be  automatically  adjusted  to  create  an  optimum  environment  for  occupants.  the  sensor  is  intended  to  connect  to  an  ibm  approved  enocean  gateway  which  in  turn  connects  to  ibm  watson  iot  platform,  bluemix  and  tririga.  enoceans  energy  harvesting  wireless  technology  provides  selfpowered,  wireless  sensors  to  capture  and  transmit  data  across  an  increasingly  connected  iot  network.  carbon  dioxide  co2,  temperature  and  humidity  levels  are  continuously  monitored  within  buildings.  this  sensor  solution  is  self  powered  and  requires  no  batteries.  the  sensor  can  be  easily  deployed  in  a  noninvasive  way.  the  data  can
__label__environmentmonitoring be  used  to  inform  heating,  ventilation  and  air  conditioning  controllers.  the  solution  is  expandable  to  include  energy  and  environmental  monitoring/control.  poor  indoor  air  quality  can  impact  the  comfort  and  health  of  individuals  using  buildings.  high  levels  of  carbon  dioxide  co2  are  problematic.  specifically  within  new  build  schools  legislation  building  bulletin  101  sets  specific  guidelines  for  indoor  air  quality  and  ventilation.  environmental  optimisation  within  buildings  detecting  the  presence  of  people  within  buildings  and  rooms.  compliance  with  legislation  such  as  building  bulletin  101.  the  self  powered  sensor  negates  the  need  for  wired  sensors  reducing  installation  and  ongoing  costs  to  a  minimum.  the
__label__environmentmonitoring cost  effective  sensor  is  solar  powered  and  therefore  does  not  require  hard  wiring.  non  invasive  installation  can  be  conducted  by  low  skilled  fitter.  no  batteries,  means  no  ongoing  maintenance  is  required.  installation  and  ongoing  costs  are  kept  to  a  minimum.  the  sensor  uses  enocean  energy  harvesting  technology  and  wireless  radio  protocol.  banking  industry  energy  utilities  industry  healthcare  industry  insurance  industry  retail  industry  cross  industry  business  process  management  and  integration  business  operations  on  demand  operating  environment  automation  pervasive  and  wireless  computing  operational  effectiveness  very  small  business  less  than  50  employees  small  business  50  to  99  employees  midmarket  business  100  to  499
__label__environmentmonitoring employees  midmarket  business  500  to  1000  employees  large  business  greater  than  1000  employees  english  japanese  americas  united  states  asia  pacific  china,  hong  kong  s.a.r.  of  china,  japan  europe  germany,  iceland,  lithuania  middle  east  saudi  arabia,  united  arab  emirates  ibm  cloud  other  operating  system  platform  as  a  service  date  last  modified:  aug  28,  2019  mr  jasper  spencer  44  0115  936  5218  pressac  communications  ltd  145  glaisdale  drive  west  nottingham,  nottinghamshire  ng8  4gy  united  kingdom  44  115  01159365200  img  altpartner  membership  src/gsdod/content/images/pwmembermark.jpg  /
